Flew with Monarch Airlines for the first time from Manchester to Orlando Sanford, and I would choose a different airline next time. The main meal was very small, and the breakfast was a muffin and a yogurt. The crew were friendly but drinks were expensive. The aircraft seemed old as the windows were scratched and the cabin was dirty.
  Paris to Minsk. This is probably the worst airline Ive ever used. The seats are ok, but other than that everything is an absolute nonsense. Ive never seen this rude staff ever in my life! Worst nightmare it could be. Customer service is real awful, cant even describe it with words, the flight can make you feel like crying.
  Very disappointed with my first time experience with Delta Airlines. Bought a first class but the lady at the lounge turned me around asking for a platinum card by American Express or she wont let me in even tho if i have first class which is why i paid premium fair on top. Never had this kind of experience with any other airline in the past. Will avoid Delta at all costs in the future.
  Very good experience. Except for the 222 configuration this was a world class business class trip. Good food, drinks and friendly staff. On time departure and early arrival. Only minuses, no wi fi and limited choice of entertainment. Aircraft was old but well maintained.
  Prague to Hamburg. Does not matter that the luggage compartments were free, the Gate Personnel took my cabin luggage. It does not matter that my luggage met all the requirements for cabin luggage, declared and recorded in the Electronic Ticket.
  The crew onboard was friendly and polite. The flight was on time and even landed before scheduled arrival time. I would give this airline company a higher rating if it werent for the meals they serve onboard. The food in the economy class is literally uneatable. The pasta penne was soaked in water with a disgusting sauce on top. The dessert cake as hard as a rock. My seat neighbors could not eat the food either. Considering the price of the plane ticket this is absolutely unacceptable! I would not recommend this airline to anyone unless you dont mind bringing your own food onboard.
  Cape Town to George. I have never come across a more unprofessional, inefficient airline in my life. After having unplanned surgery days before my flight, I couldnt make my flight. As a result, and including the travel insurance which I bought I could not change my flight without paying the fee of the flight again and could not cancel my flight and get a refund on my booking. After calling in and being on hold, I spoke to an extremely rude woman who did not understand and could not answer my basic questions. I was told that if I were a goldcard member that I would be able to change my flight but as I am just an economy member, there is nothing they can do for me. After asking to speak to a manager I was put on hold for 30 minutes and eventually decided to write this review. 
  First experience flying Cathay Airlines and I will never return. The only airline that I am aware of that offers 0 points for miles earned while booking economy. Not only that, but once booked, cannot upgrade at any cost to a higher class cabin. Cannot use miles to upgrade seating class.  One would think that paying over 1400 dollars and booking direct the airline would accommodate requests especially if seats were available and the customer offered to pay for the upgrade. But not with this airline. The staff both in flight and ground level were the most unprofessional encountered with an airline. The inflight crew found it most appealing to joke and banter amongst themselves rather than attend to passengers. The ground staff cold, not accommodating, and rude to the upmost degree.
  I am quite accommodating as a person and I have clear understanding of flight logistics challenges. But Arik Air showcased a complete lack of class and a blatant disregard for welfare. Its disgraceful and outright incompetent. I arrived 55 minutes before flight time and I was unable to check in to get a boarding pass and thus forced to reschedule and its particularly painful because I had promised my three year old that Id be with her. And they were so rude despite my calm demeanor. Im not one to give bad reviews or reviews in general but here you go. Id fly Max or Airpeace going forward and I employ others to do the same.
Kasane to Johanesburg. Boarding with 15 minutes late due to late inbound. It was a full flight,once boarded and after we had taken off, the flight attendant came through with the trolley and offered a chicken sandwich. The sandwich was tasty. We hit quite a bit of turbulence once through it the flight attendant continued the service. The flight attendant was quite professional and all smiles.
  Seattle to Beijing. New plane is very comfortable. The service was fantastic as was the food. The flight attendant was very attentive and extremely good at her job. The chef came out and introduced herself to me, and I had the best airline food I have had on an international flight. The main cabin attendant person in charge also introduced herself before and after the flight. She told me if anything was amiss to let her know. I have flown this flight several years ago and it was mediocre at best, now it is fantastic. If only Hainan could get it together on the ground ticketing, checkin, website then they would be my preferred airline going to Asia.
  November 10, 2022 I traveled with Brussels Airlines and Lufthansa from Atlanta to Banjul. Two days prior to my trip, I called their customer service to inform them that I was a vegan and would like to be served vegan meals for my journey. I think I speak for many when I say my expectations are always low when it comes to airlines food. Gone are the days when you use to get decent meals on the air whilst traveling. So I really wasnt expecting much. Just a whatever meal until I get to my destination. Well to my disappointment, on all of my transits flights I was only served one vegan meal, that is unacceptable. On the Atlanta flight to Frankfurt, I was served rice with a few vegetables for dinner, which was fine, no complaints there. Then comes breakfast time, everybody was given their whatever meal and I was told that they only have an apple for me, the flight attendance exact words to me were, well you a vegan right, I can only give you the apple. I respectfully said no thank you to her. Everybody else was given their whatever meal which was a sandwich, yogurt and an apple. My flight from Brussels to Banjul, again I was served some nasty looking what looked like beans with some red sauce over couscous and that was all I got. For breakfast, they gave me and everyone else a big waffle which I didnt eat because I suspected there might be eggs in it. These airlines should do better in the ways they treat people.  I went online and booked my ticket to fit my travel needs and at a price that was affordable to me. So when I tell you am a vegan, you should make the proper accommodations for me, this was a very long journey with very short transit time. It was very intense running from one gate to another trying to catch the next flight, I expected a better service once am in the plane. I felt like I was being punished for being a vegan and it not right. You must do better next time.
  I booked my daughter on the FlySafair flight, SA161 Durban to Cape Town.  When she checked in this morning, she received an sms to tell her the plane was delayed. The flight was due to depart at 0930, the revised departure time was 1530. She was advised that she could book another flight with another airline and FlySafair would refund us within 14 to 21 working days. The knock on effect is that we have to try and arrange new lifts and her meeting at the university would be postponed. How is FlySafair rated the most on time airline in South Africa? From now on I will book my daughter on British Airways as I travel almost weekly for business and the longest delay has been 15 mins.
MUCFLR ATR72500. I have heard rumours of how noisy this aircraft is but to my great surprise it was just a little louder than a jet and I was even seated just beside the engine. Quite acceptable noise level ins the cabin. Flight stewardesses did a terrific work while we were flying over the Alps.
Return flights from Birmingham to Dalaman. Aircraft clean, staff pleasant and hard working, service good, and as has been said extra legroom seats well worth it. Return flight equally as good, I only wish the baggage service at Birmingham was as efficient. Well done Monarch Airlines.
  Athens to Paros. We were a little worried catching this flight, after reading the reviews. We had a little issue with our carry on mini suitcase being too big and we ended up paying 45eu extra. I do warn you, square carry on bags will not fit in the over head lockers so best to organise them to get checked in before you reach the counter. Other than that, the bags arrived at the destination with no issues and the flight it self was on time and we didnt have any issues boarding or during the flight. I would recommend.
  The worst experience, I have traveled from Sharjah to Kyiv for big celebration the flight was delayed plus i was waiting for the luggage which they told us after one one didnt come and will be tomorrow as of overweight, i had one kg extra which paid at the airport. When I asked if they will deliver luggage home they said i have to come to the airport again. Very bad experience.
 Do not waste your time! Make sure you never make plans to arrive on time. ClujNapoca to Birmingham is a pit stop from the Bucharest to Birmingham flight, so its more like a train journey, when you board the plane there are people waiting inside already. And its like the 5th time in a row this flight is late. Cheap and the only one to Birmingham is the reason why I have used it 5 times, but will have to search for alternatives. Apart from this, there are no seats available in the waiting area, so plan 4 hours of standing. Might be good for your fitness.
  Had a dreadful experience with Flyadeal today 20 Aug 2022 on flying from Dammam to Jeddah flight time 155 AM for Umrah. Having booked 6 tickets and reached around 5 minutes late and was denied check in, for a flight that was on delay for 25 minutes. One staff was frantically trying to connect to a system which would never open for about an hour, another staff would collect the current reports and slipped off saying nothing but Theres nothing that I can do and yes the Supervisor, who does not care of anything but customer satisfaction. I always understood that customer satisfaction was of utmost importance for any business but on flyadeal it was nothing but the opposite. Also to point, all in unison said one thing Take a New Ticket, easy when said. 10 minutes into our reaching the check in point, we noticed there were other passengers around 14 of whom some had reached even before us and facing the same problem. It was though the airlines was waiting for the clock to strike 1255 and then close the counters for good. In spite of seeing me in Ihram and having said my intentions for Umrah, there was not a slight of consideration from the staffs or the supervisor, by which it struck me that they give high regards to their policy rather than Allah, that too in a country like Saudi Arabia where people are given value and not troubled for such trivial but unavoidable and genuine cases. In amidst of all this the supervisor had vanished, nowhere to be seen. Slowly the other staffs also began to move away and we were left with no one to raise a concern with. Also to take to consideration is that the flight was delayed for 25 mins and there was no problem for it, but a 5 minute delay from our end cost us our time, money and chance for Umrah. Airlines should improve their customer satisfaction areas as there can be always unexpected delays and a mere 5 10 or even 20 minutes should be granted entry. Of course last minute entries are problematic and should be handled separately. Policies are always good to ensure correct procedures and delays but equally important is customer satisfaction and providing expectations on relevant cases.
I just come back from a trip to the west coast CDGSFOCDG. For the first time I flew on XLAirways. The checkin was quite good. However the boarding was a little bit of a mess in Paris. There were mothers with babies who had not been even taken care of. During the flight the kindness of the crew was quite good and its efficiency too. Seats would have leant a bit more you could have thought you were in business class.
Worst longhaul flight Ive had in a long time. Firstly my LANpartner flight from Salta to B.A. was delayed by an hour, making me miss my connection the flight should have been earlier, and the delay would have not harmed me, but the flight time was changed after I booked so I was delayed by 24 hours. The next days flight from B.A. to Sao Paulo was also delayed, with at first no annoucement at all we had already boarded, then very late an announcement with differing details in Portuguese, Spanish and English, then an announcement that we would be offloading some passengers to rebook which turned out to be correct. Very chaotic, and the crew disappeared during this time. Finally I did make my final connection, and on this one the 12hour flight, my entertainment system didnt work, this included my call button, so I couldnt even get assistance and the crew didnt bring around drinks once during the entire flight except with the 2 meal services. My initial flight from Frankfurt to Sao Paulo had also been cancelled, but here I was lucky to get reboked on a LH flight. I will never fly with TAM again.
Flew to Nigeria on Arik return. My flights were most disappointing in Premier Class Business Class. The meals were not particularly appetizing. There a long stretch of time between the first meal and the last the attendants refused to provide snacks to passengers who asked. They gladly offered alcoholic beverages but refused snacks. The entertainment system in the premier compartment for a 13 hour flight was not working. Given the cost of the flight the overall poor service this experience lead me to the decision to stop flying Arik Air. On arrival at both destinations my luggage which was tagged with Priority labels but were among the last pieces off luggage to exit the plane.
  Very good experience with such a wonderful staff from Juanda International Airport. Especially Lopez, Sulis, Eka, and Ganda. Very helpful and friendly. Thank you so much for helping me a lot when during check in time, amazing service!  All the best. 
  The most irresponsible airline Ive ever seen. The staff are rude. I had two tickets for me and my husband. They clearly sold tickets to more people than they could. Either for our first flight from Cancun to Mexico city and our return flight, we faced the same problem. They are so irresponsible and disrespectful.
  Transavia managed to have delays in both flights, dirty cabin and extremely long waiting times for luggage. For the price you pay its ridiculous service.
  Mumbai to Kochi. The flight got rerouted, the was no transperancy by the airline. They shuttled us around for over 6 hours and were not cooperative, they lost our luggage. Reboarded us in Bangalore and didnt offer refund. They were not open to providing food or accomodation. Where we could not go and settle into a hotel. Had to spend the night in the airport without our luggage.
 Dhaka to New York via Abu Dhabi. Very bad experience and they changed our original flight to a 13 our transit and refused to give us hotel. Staff are very rude and unprofessional. Never again Etihad.
  Rome to Sydney via Beijing. Terrible experience with the unprofessional behaviour with my child who traveled as an unaccompanied minor. After being told our child would be looked after in the Beijing airport we discovered he was made to sit in an office on an office chair for hours on end with no assistance or food. We had booked a lounge and it was not offered. The level of supervision was atrocious. He was let out with an unknown passenger who offered food and water. We will never deal with this airline again. They continue to deny any lack of duty of care towards the child.
  Sydney to Stockholm via Beijing. Really old and rugged airplanes and very little leg room. But the worst part is that the cabin crew makes constant  inflight announcement. Each time there is a little bump of turbulence there is an announcement in Chinese and English.  It is impossible to make use of IFE system and I recommend a good pair of noise cancelling headphones. Cabin crew speaks poor English but are nice and let me change seats to the emergency seats without having to pay extra. I am 192 cm tall so very worth while. Lounge staff in Beijing were OK but one woman went out of her way to change our seats in the lounge making sure that we got better seats and even bumped us up to emergency row also on the second leg of our trip. Very appreciated. I have never had any issues flying with Air China but I know that Chinese ground services customer service can be very inadequate and unhelpful so happy I have not had to deal with that. Overall planes are quite old and dirty and food is poor but value for money is great and it got us to our destination back and forth without any mishaps.
  Dusseldorf to Sharm el Sheikh. I checked in at 615 in the morning and the line was already very long. There were two check in counters for the flight but only one was open. It took nearly half an hour until the second staff member came and opened the second counter. When I got to the counter to check myself in the check in staff informed me that the aircraft type had changed and that the seat that I had paid extra for was not available anymore as it did not exist on this aircraft type. An A319 was the original planned aircraft but a A321 was actually being used for this flight. So I told the staff member to provide me with a similar seat somewhere else on the aircraft. According to her she gave me a seat with extra legroom as I am over 2 meters tall that is what I always need and that is what I had paid for. When I got onto the aircraft she had assigned me a normal seat not an extra legroom seat. Luckily the plane was only half full and therefore the crew changed me on a extra legroom seat straight away as I could proof that that is what I already had paid for. The crew was very friendly and caring. The plane arrived on time and I received my luggage very quickly as well.
 I booked business because I wanted to use the priority boarding and also keep away from other people due to Covid. At Gatwick airport to get on the aircraft, there was no separate queue for priority boarding so we had to queue with everyone else not following the distance rule and some without masks. The business isnt worth the money you pay since you are treated the same as those in the economy. Very disappointed!
 Flew from Amsterdam to Sofia and back via Frankfurt. In total, I had 4 flights and all were delayed. Disappointed to only get a small bottle of water and a small piece of chocolate on the flight. With an airline like Lufthansa I do expect more. The seats were ok, but punctuality leaves room for improvement. All my flights were delayed by at least 30 minutes, up to 1 hour. With a layover of 1 hour in Frankfurt both ways this was quite stressful. On my return flight the app did not work properly. We landed in Frankfurt 10 minutes late, however it took well over 30 minutes to arrive in the terminal due to the long taxi and bus ride. At this time my connecting flight already closed boarding according to the app and I still had to go through passport control. Much to my frustrations a group on my flight with another connecting flight, which departed later than mine, was offered special treatment to ensure they made their connecting flight, while nothing was provided to me. Fortunately, my connecting flight was also delayed, so I was still able to make my flight, but it was not a pleasant experience. I think it speaks for itself that none of my flight were on time and the service on board was lacking.
TallinnLGW. If you think of it as a low cost airline you wont be too disappointed. Even on a 3 hour flight food and drink had to be paid for although the prices were lower than some other airlines  eg. 3 euros for a beer. The only real issues were that the seat pitch was very tight and the interior needed some maintenance eg. some seat covers were torn.
  They are the worst airline ever do not waste your money with them. If by any chance you need to cancel or reschedule, you are looking at almost a year if you are lucky to get your refund.
  They canceled my flight at the last minute, leaving me at 10 PM in the connecting city with no instruction or solution to go home. I managed to find and pay for a 9 hours train to Berlin. 6 months later, they did not reply to email, didnt receive a refund, and when you called them, the agent was completely useless, advising you to wait 6 months doesnt seem enough for her? or send emails 10 already, because she has no direct connection or number for the refund department  if it exists. Unbearable customer service if we can call it that way, total scam.
 Appalling airline. Worst travel experience in over 50 years of international travel. Unfortunately, it is the only airline servicing stunning Azores. Five hour flight delay on the outbound from Boston to Ponta Delgada and two hour delay on the return. Plane sat on tarmac for an hour in Boston waiting for an open gate. Planes must be ones taken out of service by major carriers. Seats are from the 80s. No inflight entertainment, which isnt a deal breaker. Just bizarre that the seat backs have screens. One flight was chartered from a Portuguese airline, HiFly. Never a good sign. One positive was that the flight attendants were accommodating and professional. Food was atrocious. So very frustrating that the spectacularly beautiful Azores is served by this nightmare airline.
 I never write a review for any product or service but feel forced to this time around. I was massively dehydrated asked for water 3 to 4 times but was never served water by the attendant. After 2 hours or so, I was served water by another attendant. I had to pay to get a blanket and the attendant never returned me the change despite requesting twice. Only when the flight was about to land is when I reminded her again and thats when I got the 45 dollars I was owed. It didnt look like she was planning on giving me the change had I not reminded her again. The attendant kept ignoring my requests and constantly asked me to wait.
  Miami to Brussels. I have nothing negative to say about the crew they are friendly and courteous nor about the food i find it rather tasty and well chosen, however it irritates me extremely that they always have a delay and you only find out in the airport while checking in. It is so hard to send your customers a simple text to inform there is no use to come early to the airport as the flight is delayed with 2 hours? On top, we get offered a voucher for lunch for a value of 4 dollars 10 cents  really! Not impressed.
 I will never purchase a flight ticket from them again as they are irresponsible. Refusing to do a refund now and theyre telling me they cant find me in the system. Basically lost my money and voucher because it is expired.
  As with all LATAM flights so far, no onboard service despite premium economy. No lounge for domestic flights, delays and the feeling of being completely unwelcome as a customer.
  Worst Airline ever with their customer service. Fees for everything. it was about $1000 fees to be able to just change the flight day because I had an emergency case to travel earlier. And no convenient option for cancelling at all! No full refund and not even a credit option. The only option was to leave the ticket on hold for a fee of $270. This is ridiculous and waste of money. with all the extra fees, another cheaper flight can be purchased. its the last time for me to travel with this airline. 
 On the original flight from Columbus to Seattle, the women at the front desk dropped my snowboard bag and said whoops, I hope I didnt break anything That was the start of our trip. We get to Seattle to find out the snowboard bag didnt even make it on the flight. We lost hundreds of dollars not having our equipment for this trip. Our return flight on Christmas Day was canceled due to mechanical issues and we were told they couldnt get us out until the 28th. My husband had to let them know hes military and has to be back on the 27th in order for them help us. So we rebooked for today the 26th with three layovers. We are missing all of our connecting flights because the flight attendant was over an hour late for our first flight out of Seattle. We then had to deplane because of an electrical issue. Were currently being told at the podium that theres nothing they can do for us. This is worse than the time I got trapped in France because a different airline went bankrupt right before my flight. Alaska is worse than Delta, Spirit, United, etc.
Agents at the ticket counter are rude. From FFLKIN they were delayed for 1 hr and didnt bother to announce it. Upon return they were overbooked and were asking everyone if they wanted to reschedule. The return flight was no better another delay without announcement.
 Worst experience ever! They canceled my flight, the email with options was an error page. The next flight they could put me on was over a day later. Never using them again.
Manchester to Tripoli. The ticket said departure was 11.45am. At checkin time there was no checkin open and it transpired that the plane was scheduled to leave at 4pm  so checkin wouldnt be open for another 3 hours. In the end the plane left at 5.25pm. So preflying was an absolute nightmare. However once on board things were much better. Nice food and drink no alcohol unfortunately and the cabin crew attentive and friendly. But unfortunately it took ages for the bags to appear once we arrived in Tripoli. So to sum up Libyan Arab Airlines seem to be good in the air. Not so good on the ground.
  Jakarta to Surabaya. I chose Citilink because of its convenient departure times and prior experiences. Check in was a breeze at T1 Soekarno Hatta Airport. The ground staff was very polite, politely showing us the way to the plane. The plane was clean and the crew was friendly. Arrived safely in Surabaya. Baggage comes out in no time. In my opinion, this airline is one of the best in Indonesia. I would recommend this airline to anyone new to Indonesia as this airline is reasonably priced, on time and has excellent service.
  The worst airline experience ever. Delayed 3 times over 3 flights, more than 2h, does not announce it, no compensation. Ultra cheap, ultra bad. Colombia deserves better for its people and tourists
  Cathay Pacific had gotten worse after the pandemic. This is the first time after 3 years i flew with them. Bad and rude service from the stewardess. Airplane food taste is bland from the main dish and I can only eat the bread and butter and fruits. I bought a new suitcase just to see it extensively damaged upon my return flight. Any effort to make a claim to Cathay. They completely ignore my emails, calls and direct contact. From direct contact, they will say to follow up on this, but still 2 weeks later still no update. 
BA Cityflyer from London City to Madrid. Stress free experience from online checkin to arrival. No departure or arrival delays, 15 minutes early landing at Madrid Barajas. Comfy seats, good complimentary sandwich and several drinks runs we had a couple of wines each, bottled water and coffee. Very competent mixed British  Spanish cabin crew had a smile and a friendly word.
  Macau to Taipei. I was not happy with this airline at all. Although their service is pretty good and comparable to other low cost airlines, if you experience any trouble they just do not care about you. Without any prior notice they refused to check us in on a flight to Taiwan where we do not need any type of visa and can stay there up to 90 days, because we had only one way ticket. The staff was unhelpful and refused to give us any further information about this policy. I asked them several times how we were supposed to know about this policy of this airline, but I only received answer that it is on the Internet. I searched very long time but did not find anything mentioned on their page. I wanted to contact anyone who could give me more information on why this is required from members of EU, but they refused to help us. Moreover I have not received any reply from their helpdesk been 4 months already, only that I should contact them by phone or chat. I tried chat but no one replies me and I cannot call them because I am still abroad. So thanks to them not providing us this information before, we were forced to buy an expensive flight back right at the check in desk. Definitely not flying with them again.
  3 out of 3 flights in one holiday delayed 4 or more hours. Our last holiday had about the same result but we gave them another chance. No more chances for Jetstar. There are a dozen other passengers standing here as well all saying its happened to them so many times with many delays ending up in cancelations after waiting the 3 or 4 hours on the Melbourne to Hobart service. Our experience of delays and cancellations has been Jetstar Australiawide and Jetstar international. Ground staff are rude and unwilling to help  if you can find a service desk that is even open. This absolute bottom of the barrel level of customer service is just shocking. I highly recommend that you do not fly Jetstar.
  I want to congratulate the crew for all the attention and service given to us  My wife and myself. I even asked for their names. They are Wah Lian, Jeffrey, Vivian, Ying, Gloria and Sofia. Please convey our best wishes to them. I have always flown Singapore Airlines and always will in the near future
  I was due to fly with SriLankan Airlines in April of this year, however, my flights were cancelled due to COVID19. Upon speaking to a customer service representative, I was told that I would be entitled to a full refund and that I just needed to apply online, which I did on 15 April. It has now been 4.5 months and I am still yet to receive a refund and have not received any response to my previous 3 requests for follow up. While I can appreciate this is a difficult time for all, it does not take almost 5 months to process a simple refund. This is not acceptable and reflects extremely poorly on SriLankan airlines, If this is how this airline treats its customers, then I would certainly think twice before booking with this airline. 
 The flight left on time from Venice and arrived on time. Kind and helpful onboard staff. The return trip was also ok and on time. The aircraft was clean and welcoming. A great trip to a special destination such as Lourdes!
 My wife and I were booked on flight NZ580 today at 10.00am. We did the online checkin the day before and waited at CHC airport today, printed out baggage tags and boarding passes. Then when we put the suitcases on the drop of belt, my suitcase was accepted without any problem, after a short passport check by a staff member and disappeared. My wifes suitcases were rejected and the staff member was at a loss. So we had to wait 15 minutes for a supervisor to explain that our flight was cancelled and we were now flying NZ538. I then had to walk all over the airport to get my suitcase back. After 20 minutes, that was also done. Then we had to print out tags and boarding passes again and go to the drop off belt again. In addition, my wife would now not be seated next to me, but somewhere else on the plane. At 805 a.m. I received a text message telling me that the flight had been cancelled. I have rarely experienced such an unprofessional airline, where the customer is only informed about the cancellation of his flight after handing in his bag and the staff knew nothing about it anyway. Of course, there was no apology, just an engineering problem.
Aruba Curacao and Port of Spain to Paramaribo return. Inflight service is professional and courteous warm meals and beverages served on all flights. Checkin to Paramaribo is quick however checkin leaving Paramaribo is sometimes slow. The planes are kept clean and in shape despite their age.
  Novosibirsk to Almaty via Nur Sultan. Check in was easy and straight forward. There were no problems with being 1kg overweight. Both flights left and landed on time. Cabin crew were polite and spoke good English and managed to serve a snack on each flight, despite them being short flights. Seats were comfortable. I had paid extra for the Nur Sultan  Almaty leg and quite spacious.
 The airline was very good. The boarding experience was good. The flight was on time. There was a blanket, a pillow and a headrest on the seat. The seat was comfortable and cabin crew was  helpful and polite. The service was also very good, and the food tasted amazing. The in flight entertainment is the best  and you will never get bored. Overall I think this is a very good airline and definitely worth flying with. I will fly Emirates again.
  Jeddah to Mumbai via Kuwait. Not recommended if travelling with children. Worst service ever experienced by airline and inflight staff. No declaration of meal included or not included on ticket. Also no information on baggage checkin counter staff. Restrictions for entry to duty free at Kuwait airport. No support from ground staff at Kuwait airport.
  Los Angeles to Ho Chi Minh City via Tokyo. I was very frustrated of how JAL treats its customer in my latest flight. My flight was through 02 transits each for the arrival and return trip, and most of the flights which were run in cooperation between JAL and American Airlines had at least 30 min delay but I was fine about that. However, in my second flight upon return after the first transit, JAL was late for 1 hour and 20 mins due to maintenance issue, whilst my connecting flight the final one to return home is only 1 hour from the previous flights arrival time. When we got to NRT, the connecting flight has not yet departed, and was still boarding, but instead of guiding us to the gate so that we can be on board quickly which may take approx. 10 mins, they threw us to another airline, with an additional transit KL and additional 10 hours flight and waiting at the KL airport. What is even more frustrating is the JAL staff who gave us the new ticket, she said in the first place when we just arrived, running and confused JAL arranged another flight by which we can get home at midnight on the same day ?. Only when we recheck our tickets it appears that we have to wait 5 hours at KL and arrive at 1000AM the next day. The group that were left from the final flight was about 6 people. When we asked about our luggage, she said that our luggage is already transferred to the final destination and we dont have to worry about them   should we not worry if the luggage arrive before us? Later, I checked with another girl at the counter, she said that our luggage are coming with us on this flight, and it is the airlines rule that the luggage must fly together with the passenger. Everything happened today was such a disappointment and created a bad impression to me about JAL. We waited for them to be late for 01 hr and 20 min, whilst they cannot wait for us just a few minutes so we can get to the gate and come home after 14 flight hours, just to be on time on THAT flight, as if they are very punctual and never delay.. One of the guy left in the group said that he had a flight with JAL before and the same issue happened. I will never use your service again!
  I booked these tickets for us already the 11th february this year and then covid19 came along and destroyed everything. Impossible to get in touch with this airline I tried to reach out to them via chat on the 11th of april to ask for the alternatives and if I could get my money back so that I at least could book other flights for us to go back home to our own country as country after country was going into lockdown. The woman in the chat told me that as long as it hadnt been cancelled I couldnt do anything or get any of my money back. Her advise was for me to wait until the flight was actually suppose to leave and so I did. The 18th May I got an email saying that our flight was not gonna leave on the 3rd june and that I needed to fill in a form to get my money back. I went online and filled the form out as soon as possible as my economy has been hit real hard due to this situation of being stuck in another country far to long than I anticipated. 2 days ago, the 10th june I received another email saying that my refund would be allocated to my bank account some time during the coming 14 days. I am getting a total refund on 9 per cent for all the tickets i booked and the rest this airline is apparently keeping to themselves!  And worst of all, I cant reach them! I cant email them because they dont respond. Their chat hours doesnt work and theres no way I can fill in another form to make them contact me again. It is incredible in these hard times that a huge airline does something like that to their potential customers. So those considering this airline  rethink and find yourself another one because these ones are unscrupulous and cannot even consider the impact they have on travellers that got into this horrible situation in the first place.
 I just wanted to compliment pilot and fly attendants from the flight I took yesterday. Very professional and attentive. Im suffering from panic attacks and they were checking on me the flight and the pilot spoke to me before we took if. The experience was pleasant. Thank you for the great service!
Flew PLZJNB as part of a BA ticket to LHR. Simply put check in was a nightmare. A bag of 25kg that had travelled with us from LHR at the same weight was rejected as overweight even though the original baggage tag with weight clearly marked was still attached. We spent 30 minutes at Club check in unpacking and re packing our bags on the dirty airport floor with all our possessions spread out. Highly embarrassing until I turned around to see someone at every other counter doing the same. The manager explained that as a franchise of BA  a fact not made clear during booking nor even at the airport  BA insisted they adhere to strict baggage limits for international flights even when they could see that we were executive Gold and Bronze and had flown over with bags the same weight. For this I blame BA but the local staff could have tried to appear less pedantic and could also have found someone with a far more pleasant demeanour for the Club desk. I booked with BA for the service but on this leg was sorely disappointed.
  Jakarta to Yogyakarta. All the times Ive flown with Lion Air its always delayed up to the point where I have expected that its going to be late this time around. I was scheduled to board the plane at 5.55pm but the plane got delayed for who knows how long. I havent heard on whether the plane has arrived or not and its 7.20 pm now. The most baffling thing is that its written on the general boarding screen that its on schedule when its definitely not. If you have no choice but to fly with Lion Air cause its the only airline available, never make plans to arrive on time or itll be ruined like how mine has been ruined. Oh well, lessons learned.
  The service was nice, kind and prompt response from the staff, provided a small snack for 2.30 hrs flight. Seats and ambiance was much comfortable. No delays except the usual Delhi air traffic delay. The baggage reached safe. I am giving 9 points due to the behavior of one staff during check in process. He was hesitant to respond to my questions. Overall a very pleasant travel experience.
4 hours late going and 2 hours late returning. In fairness once we were flying there was nothing wrong with the seats food or service. It was just getting the planes to take off that was the problem! At both Gatwick and Enfidha there were no public announcements at all. The flight from Gatwick was delayed for over 2 hours after the information board had shown that we were boarding. Flight diverted to Tunis because of bad weather and then left in lounge again with no information. On landing at Enfidha we had to wait over an hour for our luggage to come off. On the return trip we waited at the gate4 for an hour saw one plane come in unload fill up with food and then disappear without anyone boarding. We were then moved to another gate but only after other travellers button holed a ground crew person. Then waited after boarding had to wait for another hour while a technical check was carried out  this to a plane that had just landed!
 Jakarta to Penang with Citilink. Check in refused because no middle name included on the eticket. No middle name was requested on ebooking, only initials, so this is an administration issue with online booking. Rude refusal by ground staff to allow check in.
Paris CDG to Los Angeles. Good food crew entertainment and leg space. I enjoyed the whole island theme that was experienced onboard. A plus about the entire experience was the level of visibility and attention the crew provided with frequent water runs and prompt responses to call bell. Another feature was the snack bar set up at the galley for passengers. Flight departed and arrived on time.
 Outbound flight from Hong Kong to Osaka MM068 scheduled at 125am. Arrived at KIX on time. Inbound flight from Osaka to Hong Kong MM067 scheduled at 9pm, delayed for 50 minutes. I took the same inbound flight in July 2017 and it was delayed for the same amount of time too, so I was prepared for possible delay this time. I had the Peach homepage opened with my mobile phone, so I could eat my bento in peace while waiting to board the plane and being able to check realtime updates of flight information. After touching ground in Hong Kong, I got the taxi calling numbers ready, so I could book one while waiting for my luggage. I also bought travel insurance before my trip, so I know that I would be compensated in case flights were delayed or cancelled. Given how I was prepared for all possible situations, I was happy flying with Peach as a LLC. Compared to my Peach flight in July 2017, I found that the announcements on board improved. E.g. Passengers were told about coming turbulence and advised to use the toilet before the turbulence. Prerecorded announcements were made in both English and Cantonese. I was happy that Peach did not allow passengers to change seats, for security and safety reasons given many mainland Chinese tourists were on board. Both inbound and outbound flights were fully booked, seats were cramped as expected. Some passengers sneezed and coughed freely in the crowded cabin, so it might worth upgrading your seat to get some extra space and avoid getting the flu. I noticed that the Japanese passengers put on a mask once they got on board.
  A good experience with Spicejet. Its a LCC so not to expect much, but on time arrival, clean aircraft and was as per expectation, Have a wifi enabled IFE system which can be used in personal mobiletablaptop devices.
  Delhi to Muscat flight on December 19th 2020. This time they disappointed me with their service. During the flight I asked many times for water but the crew member didnt not provide. My flight departure time was 2130hrs and this time they didnt have dinner. They served only snacks boxes even I am pure vegetarian they didnt have veg snacks box. I asked from crew member for veg box they said you can have chips and you can drink juice. How can you eat a small packet chips at the time of dinner. I asked for teacoffee they said only beer we have. I am non alcoholic now tell me how can I drink. Very poor service at this time. You dont have veg dinner meal, you dont have water In flight and you are getting water after asking 25 times. Really a pathetic and poor service.
  Mykonos to Rome. If your name in your travel documents does not match your reservation name exactly, you must pay 50€ each on the spot, or they will not let you board the plane. The scam is that the airline doesnt have a place for middle names on their reservation system! Someone said it was because Italians dont have middle names. As such, every American aboard the plane I asked had to pay the 50€ penalty.  Also, this airline does not carry vodka on board!
We booked a flight Port ElizabethCape Town in January 2014 Unplanned landing in George because of a malfunctioning cabin door no serious help from the cabin crew. In George we were sent to the transit for the next flight from Port ElizabethCape Town departing 2 hours later which was surprisingly almost empty. Because of that we missed the trip that we booked in Cape Town in the afternoon. No desk at Cape Town Airport from South African Express no answer from them after we send our complaint and no sorry from their side. Really disappointing.
  Lima to Santiago. One of the worst airlines I have flown. We were put on and off the plane twice for two separate mechanical issues. Then they lost our luggage and the gate agents were clueless on what to tell people. I eventually had to buy a new ticket on a different airline.
  Our family has traveled with Air New Zealand for decades making many trips each year between the US and NZ. It has, in the past been our preferred airline. But dear god, what a complete debacle this last trip has been. From trying to make simple flight changes that took four phone calls and over 8 hours on hold to execute to the latest extremely frustrating experience of lost bags that didnt make the flight. 48 hours later, we are spending over 412 hours on hold to try locate, no representative has picked up yet.  Seriously poor job Air New Zealand with ridiculously expensive fares charged to boot. Service is worse than a thirdworld nation. Will we get our bag for Christmas  we hold zero hope we will receive any service or resolution.
 Denied Boarding at Checkin counter. Reason given, the return flight was beyond 90day stay limit. It didnt matter that I had a flexible schedule and was planning on booking a return flight when my plans were finalized during the trip. This has been my practice over the past 7 years. In this instance, a trainee informed me I couldnt board. When I asked the supervisor why Iberia sold me a ticket she would not honor, she repeated herself several times citing the 90day rule and exasperated that I questioned her authority, took our boarding passes and with a flourish, hands high over her head, tore them to pieces proclaiming loudly that You are not flying today! When I asked to talk to her supervisor, she climbed on the baggage scale, so she could look down on me and with arms held high, triumphantly shouted, I AM THE BOSS! My wife was traveling with me but had a different return date within the 90day window. I got out my phone to document the incident with a video recording. That spooked her and she went back to her seat and said she didnt remember her name, etc.. Filing complaints with Iberia, Massport, FAA, Congress.
  They lied about connection in Narita and we lost all of our money with no refund. They have no agreements with any connecting airlines to transfer you once in Narita, hence they denied boarding and did not offer a refund. Nor did they advise of such at purchase. Lost $1000 with this airline.
MoscowBologna. This is one of the very few direct flights from Moscow to Italy. The checkin procedure was fast and the plane left on time. Plane was an Airbus which I like more than Boeing because they seem less noisy. Staff were nice and they served a drink and snack. Basic service but the price was more than ok. However they only speak Italian and English not Russian which is a pity on a flight to Moscow.
GVATFS TFSZRH. Flight out was in fact on LX metal and was fine except they lost our bags and we spent 4 days in Tenerife without. Good seat pitch in Y pleasant crew good food. Return on WK metal  friendly crew who gave us free wine after being told by TFS staff of our problems. Emergency exit row gave us good leg room. Good hot meal plenty of drink runs. Toilets clean. Film shown we had our own earphones. On time arrival at ZRH. Onward flight to LON however cancelled due to snow.
  Never again. For so many reasons. Several delays, both ways. Coming back, take off was supposed to be 445 pm, actually took off at 930 Pm, after being told screws were missing and they couldnt get what they needed.  Everything just seemed to take forever and no one really knew what they were doing. Just dont do it. Its not worth the Pennies you may save by flying with them.
  I will never fly your airline again. The level of unprofessionalism is unbelievable. My family was scheduled to fly from Dallas, TX to Greenville, MS on August 8, 2021 at 640 p.m. We returned our rental car to the main terminal and called your airlines as instructed, for a ride to your terminal. Of course, no one answered. We called your Customer Service CS, who transferred us to another number, where again, no one answered. We decided to take a cab to your terminal. We arrived at your terminal at 530 p.m. No one was there. We were still assuming our flight would be leaving on time. After waiting for 40 minutes, my daughter received a text from Boutique at 610 p.m., stating our flight was cancelled. She immediately calls CS and we are told, no flights are available until Tuesday. We are educators and our first day of school was Monday. Boutique did not even have the decency to have someone at their counter. We literally had to beg a neighboring airline crew for a ride to the main terminal to try and rent a car to drive six hours home. We had to pay $500 for a rental car. Boutique says they will reimburse $150, but it will take a couple of weeks. We probably will never see that money. We did not make it home until 300 a.m. And yes, we went to work and did our job!!
  I have flown many low cost airlines including Ryanair with no issue, but I have never had a good experience with easyJet. I have flown with easyJet 20 times but a staff are always rude clearly not trained at all in customer service and flights are delayed. This time round was the last straw. Not only was the flight delayed again, the gate agent was extremely rude and unpleasant. I will never fly with them again.
  Brisbane to Sydney. Absolute disgrace of an airline. We will never fly with Tigerair Australia again. The staff at Brisbane have no customer service skills, flights delayed or cancelled. They may advertise cheap flights but believe me you will pay for it in the end
Flew MSPPHLLHRDUS and returned DUSTXLORDMSP. The flights were a disaster from start to finish. First flight delayed out of MSP for 25 minutes. Ok thats understandable. But when we arrive in Philadelphia we are told we will have a short wait until our gate is cleared. This turns into a very long wait and we are on a tight connection. We ask the flight attendant if she could please contact our next flight and ask them to wait. She rudely says no and then offers no further response. When we finally deplaned we asked the agent at the gate if she could please contact our flight. All she did was give us directions on getting to the B concourse. After a sprint to the gate we barely make it on the final boarding call. Thankfully the flight to London was only 25 occupied at most and we were able to stretch out. The flight to DUS was with British Airways and went smoothly except for a slight 10 minutes delay. On the return flight our flight was cancelled with no reason given. We were lucky we checked early and immediately called customer service. They said they couldnt put us on another flight for about 3 hours until they finally caved in and put us on a flight departing in a few hours with Air Berlin meaning we got no sleep. The Air Berlin portion was fine. Anything operated by US or AA was a disaster but anything from their partners went fine. Lesson learned.
  I think this may be one of the worst airlines I have flown with for some time. I initially booked my flight on the basis of the basic fare without luggage and thought that it was fairly reasonable for a no frills flight. However i needed to add luggage later on and saw that it was over £65 each way. This did not include seat selection or any other benefit so I saw online that you could upgrade your ticket to include luggage, seat selection and meals. I decided to do this as it seemed that it would offer more comfort and if i was going to pay so much extra for luggage, i may as well include the others. The meals had to be preordered but i did not get what i ordered. You had to pay separately for drinks other than water. The waiting time for check in was a disgrace and i was in a queue for approx 90 minutes on my return journey and only passed through security whilst the plane was boarding which meant a rush through the airport to catch my plane. This was very stressful and then the Premium upgrade i had paid for did not include any priority boarding or any such benefit. The flight left on time and landed in good time. However it took over 45 minutes until i could pick up my luggage despite a very short queue in passport control. The staff were polite but all in all, i thought it was a horrible experience which worked out very expensive. My flight to Cyprus in the end cost more than i have paid for some long haul flights to the USA and SE Asia at almost £400 with luggage and meals included. I would recommend that you check the luggage prices and to steer clear of the food! I will not be using this airline again.
 The crew was very accommodating. Never had to ask for anything.  It was nice having drinks and food on board and the food was pretty good.
  Boutique Air is a dishonest and unreliable airline. Moreover, the customer service is extremely poor. Our flight from Boston to Massena was delayed two and a half hours. The airline did nothing to accommodate our concerns. Were will never fly again! Dont waste your money and time!
  First, my ticket was booked by the company I work for through a corporate booking company. As it was booked through my company, you cant use the Condor App, web page, or Condor phone customer service to help you in anyway if you have an issue. Even when the booking company called Condor directly, which Condor said was the only way changes or seat selection could be made, Condor still said no.  I booked Premium Economy and then paid $50 on my personal credit card for my seat. The ticket itself was paid for by my company, I had to pay for the seat with my personal credit card. Then, 3 days before the flight, Condor changed planes and the new plane didnt have Premium Economy. Not sold out, but the new plane didnt have those seats at all and no refund for the $50 for my seat selection. My wife was traveling with me, she purchased her ticket directly from Condor, and no seat even though she paid $50 as well. My wife is vegan and selected a vegan meal. But  we are now on the plane in economy, and no vegan meal for her. She is allergic to dairy so her Vegan meal is not a choice, but a medical condition. Her ticket says Vegan meal, when she signs on to the app it says Vegan Meal, but when the Attendant looks at her list, there is no Vegan Meal. The attendant says it must have been lost because your seat was changed from Premium to Economy. She brings my wife a banana for a 10 hour flight. Economy is the absolute smallest seat I have even flown. We flew on KLMs Cityhopper later on our trip which is an Embraer 190. Tiny plane with only 2 rows on each side. We had more legroom on a commuter plane than on Condor Economy. Inches more. I am 5 ft 11 inches and I have shared a photo of the legroom on Condor. My knees touched the back of the seat in front of me.  Condor refunds us the difference between Premium Economy and Economy. But not for the seat selection.  So, we are out $100. About the only positive thing I can say is they didnt lose our checked bags. Really low bar. Just dont. Just dont fly Condor. 
  After much contemplation about flying Sunwing again because of a less than satisfactory experience last year, we decided to give them another chance and booked a trip to Panama with them. Once again, we were left disappointed. We were enjoying our stay at the resort as such, we inquired with Sunwing about extending our trip 3 days, moving our flight from Friday to Monday. We spoke with the resort and confirmed that we could keep our room and that the cost would be $644. Sunwing advised that the total, including the room, would be $1675.00 to extend our stay by 3 days. Our total trip for one week, which already included a flight home, was $2025.00. To me, this seems as though Sunwing was charging for flights all over again, even though we were already there and had already paid for a flight back. We obviously decided to keep our original departure date and when it was time to chose seats, we were unable to upgrade to Elite Plus as the seats were all blocked out, this happened on the way there as well, but when we got to the airport, there were still Elite Plus seats available. Once again, we reached out to Sunwing and they were unwilling to help and just kept telling us we had to talk to them at the airport and that we needed to book these seats 24 hours in advance, but I tried to and was not able to as checkin can only be done 212 hours in advance of the flight. By the time we got to the desk at the airport, there were no Elite Plus seats left together, only sporadic seats spread throughout the plane. Since we have arrived home, my husband has now noticed that his wallet was stolen from his checked bag and we have contacted Sunwing, who once again has just said it was not turned in to them and we need to file a report with airport security. My advice to you, spend the extra couple bucks and fly with another airline!!
 Check in was easy and the flight left on time. Staff were friendly and helpful. The toilet, unfortunately, could have been a bit cleaner. Food was limited to snacks for purchase and the only drinks offered were tea, coffee and water. Overall a pleasant flight.
  Worst airline ever!  We had a flight at 610am Apr 15th but were able to change it at 500am around 1100pm Apr 14th the night before. We left our hotel on time, tried to check in through the kiosk and it wasnt accepting our itinerary  so we tried to check in through the counter and staff said we were too late! Like what?! How does that make any sense?! Even though the airport is small and securitycheck in takes like 5 minutes  with the gates right there, apparently we were too late. Why give us the option to change our flight time on YOUR website and then not able to accommodate to us? We were told that we had no other option but to rebook another flight which cost 19,000 pesos in cash because they said they didnt accept card. We didnt have that much cash on us but luckily our friends who were with us lend us some.  I had asked if they were able to reimburse if not all, some of that money back, considering we paid lots  lots of $$$ and all they said was no, sorry. 
  Scammers work at all counters Went to the counter to board flight to Costa Rica and was met with complete disrespect from staff who works at the counter. They quoted me three different prices basically what is the baggage prices more expensive than what it says online. They tried to charge me $229 dollars for my bag. The online website says $50 max! She told me my flight was closed and then I couldnt board even though it was delayed by two hours. Another family traveling from the UK with three kids who waited for an hour trying to board. She was absolutely terrible and no one at the counter in the Cancun airport was professional. When we asked to speak to a manager she acted like she didnt speak English. I will never go to Mexico or travel through Mexico again based on this experience. I will never fly with Volaris again. Absolutely terrible people working for this company
The flight attendants try to do their jobs with a smile  food is not bad and while it is perhaps faint praise  I have never gotten ill from the food after perhaps 20 flights from DXB to KBL and vice versa. The seats are comfortable in business. Only once has my luggage been left behind and in that case the next day I received a call from Kam that my bags had arrived. Kam is now running a second flight to eliminate the one downside of its DXBKBL flight and that was the 0700 or 0800 departure time. Now they have a Terminal One flight from DXB leaving at 1300! Planes need to be newer if possible but they are clean and get the job done!
  easyJet left us stranded abroad twice with no money, food, clothing, hotel or way home. They turned off all methods of communication, didnt answer phone lines and put the phone down on customers. They have no staff in the airports and will tell you to pay for your own expenses and claim back, which they will then deny. They have cost us thousands and havent been in touch with us at all. Theyve even blocked our social media comments.  We were supposed to return to the U.K. on the 23rd from Croatia, and so we headed to the airport for our flight from Split to Manchester. We sat for hours in the airport, and noted delay after delay. During the delays, we received no updates from staff, only learning of delays from the easyJet app by checking manually and we were given no food or water. Its suggested that you should receive vouchers for the delay, but we never did and it would have gotten you a quarter of a bag of the cheapest chocolate from there anyway. Duty free was incredibly expensive and limited, as were the facilities. We sat there for hours and after lots of delays with no communication, easyJet cancelled the flight without notifying us and left everyone stranded in the airport with no help or guidance. The flight appeared as cancelled 40 minutes before the staff decided to make a tannoy announcement. You were left to rebook the flights through the EJ app there were none for days and they booked up quickly so our group had to split and take whatever was available, paying for the hotel and other costs out of our pocket. The next direct flights werent for days, and the other flights were all connecting ones to various places across Europe Amsterdam, Milan, Rome etc and not only were they with huge layovers, there were not enough seats on any of them, and also experienced the problem of being during the following days. Our smaller group had taken the Croatia to Milan connecting flight option, as we had group members with limited medication and health issues which we decided were the most important people to get to the U.K. earlier. We were unhappy with all the travelling time but it was the fastest option back into the U.K and we would have been trapped abroad for weeks otherwise, rather than days, so we were left with little choice. As there was no contact from easyJet and the staff were unhelpful, we also had to find a hotel at 1130pm at night and then also find a way to get to it. Due to the timings, we had no food or water, and no breakfast but due to the dwindling amount of supplies and money we had on us, we had to keep our morning flight to Milan without being able to access any clean clothing or supplies. We did contact our travel insurance but as it was nearly midnight they were closed, and the next day they were completely unhelpful too as they state it is an issue for easyJet to resolve first, so they cannot and would not help. We went through the airport as normal the next day, and boarded our flight. We were told our flight was full, and therefore only 4 of us out of our group of 8 managed to make it on this flight.
My Business Class flight from RJK to LHR was business in name and cost only. Despite the online reservation system clearly indicating that the central seat on the A319 is left vacant consistent with my experience of other Star Alliance partners an upgraded passenger was put in the seat next to me and the response from the airline was only that they do not guarantee the extra space. This is an extremely misleading reservation system and doesnt help when your partner has booked the aisle seat thinking they are next to you. The only communication from the cabin crew regarding the move was to ask me whether I would mind moving to let him have the window seat! The airport had no business facilities there was no sparkling wine the food was extremely poor I was not even able to get a second piece of butter for my bread and my baggage with its priority tag was one of the last to arrive at LHR after a 45 minute wait. Considering the large price gap I am left wondering what exactly that money paid for as I am certain that a slice of ham and bowl of cereal cannot cost over 100 GBP themselves?
  Never again. Do not fly with Swoop, the money you save in airfare will be used up in inconvenience, lost accommodations and car rentals. They changed our flight from 8am to 9.20pm arriving in Hamilton after the rental car counter was closed. That means an extra night in Hamilton even though our hotel in Niagara on the Lake is already paid for. Changes of this magnitude are totally unacceptable and not deserving of continued loyalty. I would give them all zeros if I could.
  Ive flown with easyJet about a dozen times, and always had a good experience. The flight from Manchester to Malta and the return a few days later were again very good. Booking, checkingin and boarding were all straight forward. The cabin crew were friendly and efficient and the planes were clean. We took off and landed bang on time. Will definitely fly with them again.
AdenDubai on A310. Checkin swift and airside in less than 30 mins. Flight overbooked caused delay as ground staff sorted out rebookings for disgruntled pax. Boarding was mildly confusing as some pax did not respect seat assignments. Crew did their best to sort it out and finally got my seat. Seat pitch tight for someone over 180cm limited seat recline  good enough for 2h 30min flight would have been worse for longhaul. Video on safety procedures was running during takeoff. Light meal served after takeoff. Good selection of juices though only one drink offered. Cabin fairly clean but hygiene of restrooms questionable. Rule on mobile phone use not enforced by crew and several pax out of their seats emptying overhead bins while taxiing to stand at Dubai  quite chaotic.
  As a loyal customer for over 25 years, I have been constantly discouraged by their services over the past recent years, which seem to be heading towards rock bottom. While I understand that times have been tough for many, JetBlue is the only company I interact with where its employees consistently have blatant attitude problems and clearly dont care about its customers. Im a laidback person and can deal with lost bags, delayed flights, and lessthanideal hubs, but when its employees consistently seem angry and look down upon their clients, I cannot help but use another service. During my last trip, there was a system malfunction that swapped my flight out and upon calling the service, they were beyond unreasonable in lending assistance for an issue that was their fault in the first place. Another experience that has left me feeling disrespected and disappointed. I am officially done with JetBlue. I hope this serves as a warning to others who may be considering their services. Stick with Delta, Southwest, American, or even discount airlines such as Spirit or Frontier  the staff is friendlier and helpful and their planes are fine if not better for many flights. FYI The overall flight and employees are particularly bad flying from New York to Fort Lauderdale and New York to Savannah.
Miami to Curaao with Insel Air. Sitting here at Miami waiting for my flight that may not happen. Flight time has changed 3 times already. When I arrived to check in they did not mention the flight was delayed until I asked. While waiting at the gate the flight continues to be delayed and the gates changing without any notice or announcements. I find this to be unprofessional. Im hoping I can make it to where Im going today.
 No proper response from any of the staff. Hiding all the information about flight timings. Flight got delayed for more than 14 hours. After entering into flight again a delay of one more hour for the staff to come. And the passengers with connecting international flight from Mumbai suffered a lot because of these delays. One sincere and humble request from passengers please change your staff or train your staff but please dont trouble the passenger ENTIRE NIGHT SPENT ON AIRPORT, CHANGED GATE 7 TIMES. Cancelled the flight after making us wait for 7 till 3 am  hours whereas people who had not checked in were informed at 10 only and told to come for morning flightwe were subsequently shifted to the morning flight at 5.10, which took off at 8. Third rate airline with third rate staff. Infants and old people were really suffering  book at your peril
  Dropped my daughter at airport at 8.30, they cancelled the flight twice, then having my 17 year old daughter sitting at the airport till 12.30pm  and cancelled flight until the next morning is a joke. Very safe, good one Jetstar.
 As a frequent flier with Star Alliance, Oneworld over the last 10 years, I STRONGLY recommend anyone to avoid Aeromexico at all costs. Terrible policies 12month refund period for a flight that they delay for nearly a day and even worse customer service. I can confidently say they are MUCH worse than budgetlowcost airlines.
  Worst airline ever. This started on the 7th of June. We started from Bilaspur PAB to Jabalpur JLR. Our flight was scheduled at 1110 am but they didnt inform us that there was a delay of 2 hours. At first there was a delay of 1 hour but they kept saying Theres a problem with the flight. So that delayed another hour of our trip. When we got on the plane, they did not stop the engine. When the plane started flying, we expected the ACs to turn on but they did not. My family was very dizzy and saying they were about to throw up. At 8 am on the 9th of June, my dad received a message saying that our flight was delayed again for 2 hours. Listening to that made me mad. Since Jabalpur Airport is larger, it has more Alliance Air flights. There was another flight scheduled for Delhi which was also delayed. The expected boarding time was 1215 pm but we boarded at 1240 pm. The aircraft was different, so we thought that the flight was better. But it was the opposite. This flight had too much turbulence. They did not turn on the ACs. They served water at the END of the flight. I said you shouldve given water in the middle of the flight. She said, Were supposed to give water at the end of the flight. So I strongly do not recommend Alliance Air. And do not dare to even try it out.
 Twice delayed using this airlines. Delay was at midnight making it more difficult to secure an Uber. No boarding pass printing kiosk, need to queue with those who dropping their baggage. No separate counters. Making it a slow and painful process.
 So I just basically did a round trip with ANA between Washington and Tokyo. The entire crew are awesome. Very polite and ready to help. The food is extremely delicious and fresh, with obviously Japanese food focused. My only complaints are with the seat and inflight entertainment. After a couple of hours sleeping, you definitely wake up with pain in your bottom. The seating could be a little bit more comfortable. The inflight entertainment could have more movies subtitled in English, there were just a few subtitled in English. But overall speaking Im very satisfied with ANA services, I would definitely fly again with them.
This Germanwings flight should take off as scheduled, but plane wasnt ready. We had to stay in the Transfer bus for 45 minutes without Air conditioning in Dsseldorf. Then the bus drove back to the plane and the bus driver was so kind to open the doors and we waited another 25 minutes before we could enter the plane. Overall delay in Heathrow about 130 minutes as the plane also missed its Slot. The gate in Heathrow was closed so we couldnt enter the terminal building.
Very poor service overall. We were 5 persons in total and none of us got adjacent seats to each other. Highly mismanaged and overloaded overhead compartments. Food was good, cabin staff was very cooperative. 
  Houston to Singapore via Narita, Premium Economy seat was great. Large and very comfortable. Slept all the way back on the journey. Food was good as well, could have had fewer carbs options, more veg and protein. There was bread, rice, soba  too much carbs, in my opinion. One stewardess kept forgetting my stuff and I had to remind them or bring it to me after a couple of hours. However, I had a really good time chatting with one of the stewardess and she allowed me to stand and stretch my legs whilst waiting for my cup noodle. Inflight entertainment for English movies is limited  if you are flying short return flights, it would be ok but I was on a longer flight so I didnt have sufficient movies to keep me occupied.
I travelled with Wideroe from Bergen airport in Norway to Aberdeen on 16th April 2014. The checkin is managed by SAS and was very swift and efficient. The checkin staff were very pleasant and welcoming and made small talk which was a nice start to my journey. Wideroe use a Dash aircraft on this relatively short flight across the North Sea to Scotland. The gate staff were very efficient and this was more than matched by 2 superb cabin crew members who worked very hard and offered tea and coffee and a small snack in the form of a muffin. The seats were very comfortable. The downside for me is that my seat appeared to have been changed from the seat I had picked online. I ended up next to the engines and as a result I could not see much. The interior of the aircraft was spotlessly clean and good information was given during the flight. I will certainly consider using this airline again in the future.
  Recently I flew Silkair Cairns to Surabaya return via Singapore. On the Cairns to Singapore leg I was seated next to an obese person who intruded as much as 15cm into my seat. I had booked and paid for an exit row because of my height. I am 192cm, 90kg fit and healthy 71yo. I continually asked him to keep to his own seat but it was impossible for him. If he leaned forward his stomach forced his legs into my seat squab. He threatened to punch me. I reported the threat to the attendants and they spoke to him. I was offered a middle standard seat which I had to refuse because of my height. He could have easily been moved to the business section which was occupied by only one staff member passenger. I wrote to them asking for a FOC on only the CNSSIN sector next time I fly to Eastern Indonesia but they offered a free exit seat CNSSINCNS. Lots of corporate double talk and insincere apologies. If you buy a car and it has no motor you can ask for and get a replacement. I purchased a seat and only got 66 of it and I want a replacement. 
 Durban to Johannesburg. FA 477 and 478 always have faults and flights are delayed. My wife and I commute between Durban and Johannesburg. This is the second time now that one of her flights will be 3hrs delayed. This is entirely unacceptable and inexcusable. We spend so much money for this ridiculous service with poorly trained staff. Wake up and stop stealing our time, money and energy.
  Good experience, check in was smooth so as boarding, at Srinagar additional security check required and was done smoothly by airline. Seat was comfortable, was a short route so only snacks was provided, that can be improved. Inflight entertainment is provided through wifi, connect to flight wifi which can be used to open Vistara on flight entertainment website on individual devices. Overall good experience.
  Always had bad experiences with SpiceJet but still have to travel because of sector and flight time limitations. But they keep on amusing you every time you fly with them, if you think your last flight experience was bad, they make sure the next one is worst. Last flight they left my luggage in Dubai. This time flight delayed by more than 12 hours and the worst part is no one is there to address the customers, the staff are hiding somewhere in the airport. Try to avoid them as much as you can. They should be the last option. Prefer a bus over them.
  Hadyai to Bangkok. Today, my Nok Air  flight has been delayed and retimed twice. As a result, it was late more than an hour. Indeed, its not only one time but I experienced this kind of delay many times. Subsequently, I would like this complaint might help it to improve its service in the future. However, for me, I will not fly Nok Air anymore.
  Johannesburg to Mumbai via Mahe. The staff in flight and at the airport must be the most unfriendliest youll meet. For the entire flight of passengers theres 2 people at 1 counter doing the check in. Takes 45 mins. For a flight half full. The guy at the luggage scan asked us to make it quick as the flight is leaving as if it was our fault theres only 1 counter receiving check ins. There is no time in transit, youre shipped from 1 flight to the other. There is no place to smoke. But was advised by a guy that smoking in the toilet isnt permitted but allowed. Its the smallest airport Ive been to with barely any facilities. Taking all this into consideration I see no reason why they should have an attitude. Flights itself are clean but outdated in entertainment. If you not fussy this is a cheap alternative. If you need to travel in some comfort pay more.
Flew SydneyAlbury with my 18 month child great friendly service at check in gave my daughter her own seat at no extra charge since plane was not full. Pram was over weight but accepted still free of charge cabin crew were just as great gave personal demonstration of how to put a childs life vest on. Was asked to wait for everyone else to leave the plane first in Albury before us and the flight attendant assisted us off with our carry on right through to the terminal. Would definitely fly with Rex again.
 I have been flying out to Colorado Spring every month for the past 7 months for medical reasons and almost all my Southwest flights are delayed which is costing me more money on wasted hotels, rental cars and stress. The only thing I can count on is them being late. They are rarely on time. Their flight times are merely suggestions not actual times you can count on.
Both inbound and outbound flights departed with over a 2 hour delay  outbound 3 hours of which 1 hour was on the tarmac. The planes both were filthy, the staff all, bar none were rude and unpleasant I had asked how long it would take to refuel and the reply was we dont know in a tone of voice that suggested that I was out of order for asking. The food is abysmal eat before you go or take your own. Seating is uncomfortable and airless. Inflight entertainment is practically zero. The best bit was when I was told I could not stretch my legs outside the toliet area when I went for a walk to the back to move a little and get some water. The hostess gave me the impression that I would set off the lifeboat or open the door. My understanding was simply that she wanted to make sure that the seat for the crew was free. All of the cabin crew were completely disinterested you need to know where to get a blanket and get it yourself and if youre asleep or not looking at the right moment they wont give you anything to eat or drink. The outbound trip was so bad that we made sure to eat beforehand and rest sufficiently to be able to deal with the return trip from Havana through Santiago de Cuba. All of this was not at a cheap price  you just get the cheap experience. Information is nil. You do not receive an email telling you that the flight is late, there is no indication online we checked repeatedly before heading to the airport and once at the airport, the boards tell you estimated time for departure only. If youre lucky you may find a ground crew member who can elaborate but dont hold your breath. 
 Overall my flight with TUI was great. Captain and crew were very informative and friendly and had a comfortable flight to Gran Canaria. I sat on seat 17a which I picked and the seat was reasonably comfortable for a 4 hour flight and this flight was meant to be on 737800 and for a picky person into aviation this was a huge bonus as we were given TVs. Food and drink was offered however I got myself a Burger King prior to the flight however I did get a Diet Coke on the flight  forgot the price. We landed in quite hard and my favourite bit  the airport. Getting through the first part of immigration was fast and easy but when we had to joint the vaccinationcovid test line which had 2 desks and 4 flights that was terrible. Then the baggage we had to wait almost 2 hours for due to a mix up made us even more tired and stressed. Anyway the general flight was great and I praise TUI and their crew.
  The hostesses are simply haughty and cold, Ive never seen that. At the checkin point, at Keflavik airport, they dont say hello, look me up and down, I said hello to her twice, she didnt answer me. I find that unacceptable.
  They just seem to change the flight times and put you on a new flight 8 hours later and tell you you have not been delayed. Same on the flight out here. Absolutely shocking service. Its definitely not worth your money or time. Fly another airline they all are much better than Lion Air.
I had a flight last week from Yogyakarta to Jakarta with Sriwijaya Air. Check in staff are very friendly. I asked where the airplane coming from and she replied with a smile. The flight was delayed about 10 or 15 minutes due the traffic congestion in Yogya. With an hour flight, I got a tango snack and a cup of mineral water. The seat was good, and the airplane little bit hot at that time. My main criticism is to their cabin crew, which is not quite friendly enough. One of the staff doing the safety demonstration did not have any smile or attract any attention from the passengers. I think they should smile a lot during the flight. Overall, the flight is good and the price is quite affordable.
  I booked a flight with flyadeal on December 13 from Riyadh to Jeddah. They have made a new rule of arriving 60 minutes before boarding time even for local flights. All of these new rules are for the purpose of sucking the money out of the poor customer. The boarding time was 1055 Pm for my flight and I arrived 10 minutes afterwards. The customer agent would not issue a boarding pass for me nor help me. They said to me to go to their office but it was closed. They asked me to call the customer care and it was closed. All of this indicates that they do not care about the customer. They care about making money. Their new way of making money is to make rules that will take advantage of people. So closing gates and boarding time way before the other airlines.
  My flight in July 2021 from Malaga was delayed by 9 hours. The check in desk person gave me an email address to claim my EU compensation. I emailed their customer service to request a claim form and have been ignored each time.
  Worst airline you could fly. I had the worst experience of my entire flying experience and I work for an airline! They have no space for your bags in the cabin forget about a carry on a small backpack barely fits. The customer service is nearly non existent and when you do get help they are rude and unhelpful. Honestly didnt help with a single issue I had and was extremely rude. I spoke over the phone with someone who was rude and then left me on hold for over 30min as a punishment they would pick up I heard someone in the background and was put on hold again. I think on their end the phone beeps after being on hold to long so she would pick up and just put me n Hold again and never ended up helping me. The customer service at bag check in was rude and didnt help either. I am extremely dissatisfied with this company will go out of my way to tell people not to take them thats how trash they are.  Save your money and travel literally any other way possible.
Internal Russian flight UFADME. Flight ontime everything without a hitch. A319 was clean and clearly well maintained. Service was okay no IFE screens or movies.
  My wife, daughter, and I, booked round trip flights from CO to CA to go be with my wifes dying grandmother. We checked in 100a the day of online, for an 820p flight. We showed up 1.5  2 hrs early for the flight. We sat across the terminal walkway at the pizza hut to eat before we took off. We went to the gate 15 min before takeoff. Just to get turned away. Our boarding pass stated that we had to be at the gate 10 min before take off. Without any concern, compassion, or effort to get us on the plane, the staff just stood there and told us to try again and reschedule. BTW, they only fly Thurs and Mon out of CoS. Now to make sure we make it to spend time with Grandma before her time with us expires, we are driving from CoS to Burbank to pick up our two checked bags, then drive back to Riverside to get house where shes on hospice. Never fly with Avelo, they are awful.
  I booked my flight through bravofly to go to Mallorca. I loged on to the website to check in online for the flight about 18 hours before the flight. The check in system was not working. I kept trying throughout the day without any luck. The company stated checkins are open up to 6 hours before flight. This caused me frustration because I didnt even know If I would be able to board since I couldnt provide my advance passenger information. When I arrived at thw check in I got charged £45 for handluggage because the limit is 5kg. I took my laptop in hand and gave them the bag. But really? 5kg? A womans purse weighs more than that. They can at least have the minimum decency to say no hand luggage allowed so we can milk you the remainder of the ticket price that we removed to appear competitive. I never have checked hand luggage weight and never had a problem and I always pack the same amount of clothes for a 3 day buisness trip. You can always say it is my fault for not checking, but even if I had the limit you are informed of this after buying the ticket, unless you search online, leads one to the only option of buying bag allowance. The just feels like you are being scammed even if they can claim they have no wrongdoing and the customer is blaimed for not checking thoroughly. Just to mention at this point, that it was not my money I was spending, so I couldnt care less about that. It is their attitude that they can pull any trick up their sleeve and get away with it. It does seem to be the case though. What was also interseting was the smirk of the lady that was at the desk as if she was pocketing the money obviously not the case. The seat I was given was on the aisle so at least I had some leg room. Given that it was an economy flight everything regarding food and entertainment was heavily priced, but that is expected. The flight was delayed by about an hour, plus the time it took me to retrieve my overweight manpurse resulted in me being delayed for my pickup that we had arranged with my colleague for another couple of hours. Overall it caused me a 3 hour delay. Communication with the staff was minimal so it was as if they didnt exist. It is by far the worst company I have travelled with. 
 If you are an occasional international traveler, here is a watchout when booking thru UA. If your UA travel includes international partners and your fare includes advanced seat selection, know that you very well may not be able to select seats on those partner airlines without paying additional fees. UA does disclose this under their websites FAQ area rather buried but totally does not disclose this when the ticket is purchased. If traveling with others and sitting together is important, such as for long overseas flights, then know that for UA partner airlines you will probably have to pay more for advanced seat selection. A bit of a baitandswitch, not getting what was advertised. Shame!
  I showed them my ticket to board on the plane. They thought my suitcase was big, then weighed it, and also found my bagpack too big. They never showed me the number shown on the weight scale, or informed me about why my bagpack was considered too big. Instead, they were rude. After me insisting on knowing how many kilos my suitcase was, they told me it was 9 kilos instead of 8!, for which I had to pay 50 euros more.  I feel that economy class passengers are treated with no respect in the airport, and Aegean attempts to take more money from them, making their life difficult in their airport. I would not recommend flying with Aegean. A sandwich and a cup of coffee on the airplane is not worthy of such bad customer service.
Dhaka to Singapore with Regent Airways. The checkin was smooth at Dhaka, better than my other checkin experiences at Dhaka.  The aircraft was a Boeing 737700 which showed signs of aging. The interior needs refurbishment. The meal could have been better. The cabin crew was quite helpful and nice. There is no IFE in the cabin and difficult to kill time. Overall value for money.
  Treated very badly re damaged luggage. My almost new bag was destroyed. I reported it at the airport and followed up as requested, via their portal. First was offered a travel voucher. Dont want that. Then I was asked for a receipt for the purchase. I replied that it was a gift I received 2 months ago. Do not have a receipt. I provided the cost for an exact replacement . Then I was offered a very depreciated amount. I asked how they came to that amount formula  age, cost etc. They did not reply. I called to try to escalate this issue several times. Phone agents were of no help at all. Just said work thru the portal. After a month I was told they would no longer reply to me and my case was closed. Very poor customer experience. I think my request was very reasonable. I didnt even ask for dry cleaning reimbursement for some of my clothes inside that got wet and dirty. It was raining in Denver. I would NEVER fly with them again.
  We flew at 1130pm and there was no tv on the flight. No place to charge your phone. Toilets were dirty. Could not get water very easily. The security was very good on South African side. When we arrived in Tel Aviv not much help with the passports.
  Booked flights for March 2020. Unable to fly due to covid. Airline offered to extend tickets for max 1 year or a refund. I accepted the offer of flights at the time but covid meant that all flights were grounded until well after the flight date had expired. I contacted Oman Air for a refund and since have had zero response. I have emailed numerous times and made many calls but to no avail. The phone agents keep telling me they are backlogged understandable but also tell me that my refund will be processed within 15 days refund has been verbally agreed. Many 15 days have passed but still no refund. My first and last experience with Oman Air. Would not recommend for the above reasons. As an airline I do not know how good they are as we never got the chance to fly with them.
  Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita. ANA business class FA and food was exceptionally good. Usually fly SQ for years and now will switch to ANA. Seats comfortable, nice amenities, Japanese food delicious. FAs always were personable, smiled and were genuinely willing to assist whenever needed. Flat bed can be done easily by yourself with a switch and comfortable in all positions. I was impressed with the entire experience.
  Frankfurt to Seattle. 9 Euros to watch movies on a 10hour flight, alcoholic beverages are not complimentary, and the credit card processing machines to purchase items in flight are not compatible with US cards which results with the flight attendants being rude and impatient with you about not having euros in cash to pay as a backup. Flight was delayed by 50 minutes. Never again will I fly with this airline.
  I have used Aer Lingus for decades and my last 3 experiences has been extremely bad. Me and my wife flew back for a relatives funeral and upon or return Aer Lingus canceled our flight and changed our flight with out notifying us. I paid extra for a direct flight, almost double to be exact, and they forced me on a connecting flight to Hartford, Connecticut, and we had to get a bus from Hartford to Newark. I was told it was only going to take 2 hours and because its under a 3 hour delay they would not comp us on anything whatsoever. The supervisor at Dublin airport was not helpful, just had an attitude when I tried to explain or situation and would not give us any alternative flights. I will never fly Aer Lingus again they dont care for customers.
  Cusco to Lima. On October 18 I approached the desk of Peruvian air to ask if I could fly on that day instead of the ticket date, the attendant said there is no problem and directed me to their office. At the airport, I went there and the clerk said there is no problem, she informed me that I would have to pay a 47 dollar rebooking fee to which I agreed. soon after she spoke to a supervisor she ask me to comeback at 2 PM and confirm the flight, I agreed even though I wanted to pay for the rebooking then and there she refused to accept my payment and asked me to come back at two because there was a probability that the flight was going to be cancelled. I came back five minutes to two and waited, finally, after I went the front desk and asked for assistance they told me that the person at the office was late coming back from lunch, so I waited and the clerk showed at 225 PM and went in to his office to open the computer site, It took about ten minutes and, mind you the flight was to depart around 320 Pm he spent about 15 minutes supposingly checking the flight load factor. He finally told me that the flight was fully booked and there were two unclaimed seats that he could book me on if I pay 151 extra dollars. I paid up. Proceeded to the gate, went onboard, sat in the assigned seat and waited to feel how lucky I had been to get a seat not minding the price I had to pay. Waiting for the door to close and the rest to the people come on board I was surprised that the aircraft was over half empty.
  The first and last time I fly with this airline. I understand it is a low cost airline, but to not provide even water in a 6 hour flight is unbelievable. Besides the staff was full of attitude and didnt show a little gesture of kindness, at first I thought it was just bad luck with an employee, however after the second flight I understood it is a requirement to get hired, have no manners. The best happened when we landed in Dammam Saudi Arabia, being around 240 people in the aircraft approximately 150200 needed to get a connection flight however, because the airline apparently doesnt have a contract with the airport, we were all obliged to pay EUR130 for a transit visa, even though none of us would step in the country. This was absolutely ridiculous and we got the explanation from the local authorities that they daily faced that issue of people flying with WizzAir. Nothing was ever explained in the reservations email, which should have been detailed even prior of making the booking. As per my experience it was a given that when you are flying internationally and have everything ready for your next flight you just have to cross de International transfer door at the airport, however Wizz Air had a wonderful surprise for us. I was lucky and did not miss my flight, but I will definitely pay extra next time to travel with a decent airline.
  Bangalore to Amman via Bahrain. We reached the counter at 1 am. First the staff at the counter started asking me why I was going to Jordan and wanted to see my return tickets. I asked them why as neither were they immigration officers nor visa authorities. They refused to give me the boarding pass. My friends who were joining me for the holiday trip two with US Passport and 2 of us with Indian passport were subjected to the same questions. They wanted to see all the hotel bookings in Jordan, needed an explanation of why we had not booked the return tickets from Amman. Our travel was to Turkey after Jordan and not back to India. By then another Gulf Air staff  said if you go to Jordan you will have to book tickets to and fro by Gulf. I told him no such thing was written in the policies of Visa Jordan or while booking Gulf Air. According to him Jordan visa on arrival can deport many Indians and Gulf airlines have to bring them back. I told him that by sheer chance if Jordan believes in deporting 4 ladies holidaying in Jordan then we have sufficient funds to buy tickets and come back.  He also asked us how much money we were carrying? Whether we have a copy of our bank balance. We spent more than 1.5 hours arguing with this staff of Gulf Air, in this era and times. Later we realised that his issue was that he wanted us to book the ticket from Gulf Air.  When we reached Jordan, the immigration officials didnt ask all the 4 of us a single question our visas were stamped in seconds. 
  Flight booked for 9.10 am. Changed by airlines to 12.40 pm. Actual departure time 1.40 pm and no info from anywhere for the delay. Airlines taking passengers time for granted. Non serious airline. If you value time, never go for Citilink.
  I bought a ticket to Cusco from Lima using Kwiki. The night before my flight, Kwiki emailed me my eticket. I had no access to a printer. I went up to the customer service counter for Viva Air and asked the rep if I could use my Mobile eticket and she informed me it had to be printed and they could print it for 86 soles. I showed her my Kwiki confirmation email from the night before and informed her that it wasnt written on it and she said there was nothing she could do about it. I asked to speak to the manager. I spoke to the manager and showed her the confirmation and the eticket and she stated that its not on the confirmation, its on the eticket. She then said if I didnt want to pay 50 soles per person for them to print it, I would need to leave the airport and go look for a printer and come back before my flight left! How rude!! What kind of manager says something like that to a customer? There was clearly a discrepancy between what was on the eticket and the confirmation. I informed her that I only got the eticket the night before and showed her the date on the email and didnt have access to a printer in Lima. Her answer was  Well that means youve had at least 24 hrs to figure out how to print it. I dont know who taught this manager customer service skills, but if you want to be treated poorly by an airline, then fly viva air. I can more than afford the cost to print the ticket, but the way she handled the situation was absolutely horrible and ridiculous. Not only was she rude, but the employees who were near her were rude as well and started talking badly about my companion and I. They didnt realize that I understand enough Spanish to make out what some of the things they were saying. To make matters worse, when I asked the manager for the contact information for corporate, she told me she didnt know and couldnt give it to me. Stay far away from this airline and their rude employees and managers!
 I of course had to book my ticket online, it kept charging me for a checked bag as well as a carry on, I tried several times to remove the bags. I was charged an additional $50.00 for checked baggage which I did not want or need. I could not go any further without paying for the unwanted bags. Of course there is no person to speak too. When I finally was able to chat I was informed that they could not refund the bags and that I needed to inform them at the airport. This is not truthful, they will give you a website that you never hear anything from. I have been flying frontier for 7 years almost 8, this it. When their flights arent full they charge you for your personal item. I have had the same bag that I have used forever, when the flights arent full I am charged for the bag. Frontier should truly be ashamed of their selves treating loyal customers this way. Customer Service has gone straight out the window.
  Barcelona to Oakland. I originally booked with this airline because of the good prices for the flights. But I now regret this decision after being delayed on our outward and return flights. After reviewing this airline on the internet I have come to realize that this seems to be a regular occurrence with this airline. In the future I will definitely avoid this airline.
  My flight was canceled for COVID19 back in March of 2020. I was approved for a refund, but they refunded to a card that was paid off and closed. My bank refused the refund, so the money was sent back to Air Transat. Air Transat refuses to provide me with a refund through another route, they have stopped answering my chat messages, and coincidentally my calls are now dropped every time I call customer service. They had told me getting a letter from my bank confirming the refund was refused would help. I sent the letter via email to the correct address given, checked in two times since, and still have not received a response there either. They have essentially blocked me on all avenues of communication, even though I was never rude or confrontational.
I booked a flight to Lagos via Tripoli. We had delays at Gatwick but once in Tripoli we were told to wait two days for our connecting flight to Lagos which  totally unacceptable. We stayed in the airport from early Mon morning until monday evening stranded without any local currency and offered refreshments approx 11am. After a lot of protest we were put on flight approx 8pm that evening. This was my first experience with Afriqiyah and will be my last  despite the savings it wasnt worth the terrible experience. The lack of communication in Tripoli was disgraceful and on the plane the staff were curt.
 I have heard of flight reschedules for half an hour, an hour or maybe a two hours, they rescheduled a flight by 8 hrs initially and a further half an hour later, had an important meeting in Goa and missed it. I kept calling them requesting for assistance to book me on an alternate airline as it was simply a meeting I couldnt miss, it was so important that I took a 6am clock flight from Guwahati to Mumbai just to get on this particular flight to be on time for my meeting at 2.30 pm, all they keep saying is its not their policy and I could reschedule my flight anytime for the next seven days under the terms and conditions we accept while booking. You will never find a more boorish, crude and unreasonable airline like them, they kept me at Mumbai Airport for almost 10 hrs, no remorse even for our loss, the important meeting I missed, the expenses I had to endure in these 10 hrs in the airport and complete wastage of time. If you value your time and your pride, please do not suffer like me. Plan early and choose airlines with empathy, there was no external influence in these reschedules as other airlines were operating on time, its just probably clubbing passengers of two separate flights to thicken their margins.
Just learnt from an online checkin that my flight tomorrow from BCN to NCE was cancelled without them notifying me. They were not at all interested nor apologetic when I phoned for an explanation. I paid more to travel with them over the cheaper alternatives to avoid this situation. Such a short flight but it has cost me over 2K so far in rerouting around their failure. An email from them could have avoided so much trouble.
 I would rather lick someones dirty socks than fly United again. The customer service was absolutely awful. We were two minutes late for our flight that was running 15 minutes behind schedule. We were not even directly told by the service representative that we were unable to get on before they just rebooked us for another flight. No one communicated with us that we could have still gotten on our plane if we didnt check a car seat. Management was super disrespectful and again not communicative. We would not have minded being rescheduled if we had even been asked or told that it was happening before being handed a boarding pass for a flight four hours later. United airlines wants to stick to the policy that wasnt on my booking, but has to be looked up on the website to find.
 Check in at San Andres had to be done at the airport since I had a bag to drop off, the line was very long so I waited about 40 minutes. Since there are no drinks or snacks available for sale on the plane I bought some stuff at the airport to bring along on the plane. Flight back to Bogota was quite smooth, quiet and easy. I flew back on the same plane that had brought me to San Andres. Nothing to complain about. Cheap option to San Andres and very efficient.
 Useless airline. DO NOT fly this airline though their airfares are cheap. It is better to catch a train one day prior instead of flying this airline. In the last 3 months I flew this airline 5 times and in all instances it was delayed by more than 4 hours. No professionalism!!
 Worst airline ever. I was driven to tears by this airline, disappointed lots of passengers. I also vowed never to use them again. The flight was meant to leave Dubai by 515am but they left by 648am, on getting to Istanbul I had to get a new boarding ticket to TRNC, they wasted my time for close to an hour and they were well aware my flight already started checking in. On getting to the gate I wasnt allowed access, was told it was closed. Pegasus never took responsibility for this and made me pay for another ticket to my destination. Not to talk of the bad customer service who use the opportunity of not understanding English to act badly to passengers and ignore us. They also spoilt my luggage.
  Terrible crew, terrible food and very bad flight experience. Avoid at all cost. Cheap ticket is one thing, being taken for a fool as a customer is not acceptable.
  Flew Monarch Airlines from Las Palmas to London Gatwick. Very good service received following an incident requiring our flight to be unavoidably delayed. Monach staff were helpful and professional. We were accommodated overnight in excellent hotels which was no small task with over 200 passengers. We would not hesitate to fly with Monarch again thanks.
  Our flight was delayed over 4 hours due to a fault on the aircraft. We were offered no refreshments or help and missed an important meeting. Made a claim which they acknowledged over 3 months ago. Since then nothing  they ignore emails and have no number you can call. Disgraceful customer service. They claim you cant phone them as they want all written details, This is an excuse it is so they can ignore you. I have flown with them three times this year but will not anymore
  We had book a 10 day vacation to Israel. We were first delayed in the Salt Lake Airport for 8 12 hours, missing our connection by several hours and being forced to stay in San Francisco for about 16 hours until the next flight from there left to Tel Aviv. Now, this by itself was very frustrating and meant we would miss a whole day of our vacation, no vacation and no work meant we were losing money by the hour, add onto that was the unhelpful attitude of the flight crew, the several different reasons given for delays ranging from weather to flight crew deficiency, to plane malfunctions and this was just a really bad day. We stay in San Francisco for an entire day and are back at the airport for the new flight. Now, the airline did provide us with a hotel pretty bad one that smelled like smoke and a few food vouchers, but we werent very happy with them. The next flight gets delayed again and again until finally at about 2am was supposed to leave at 8, they cancel the flight for another set of ambiguous reasons. at this point, there are 400 angry people waiting in one line with about 2 agents and they are turning people away without so much as a hotel room. At this point we decided we would not be flying United, weve missed two days of vacation or work, weve been treated poorly and compensated only the bare minimum. We finally speak to an agent and demand monetary compensation as well as a refund for the cancelled flight airlines are required to refund cancelled flights, and they refuse. They tell us there will be compensation but where, when, how is left ambiguous. We ended up flying Delta, completely smooth as wonderful process. Though we continually call, fill out forms, send emails, and the like, we have yet to see a dime of compensation for this truly terrible experiences. We stayed in touch with some other people on our flight and they continued to have problems with United missed connections and the like and were never compensated. The best that they were able to do was offer $300 vouchers for another flight. Are you kidding me? You think a silly $300 voucher could make up for the money we lost and the horrible experience we had? Not likely. As we are never planning to fly United again, a voucher is honestly just an insult at this point. We also heard that the employees of United are so disgruntled with the company that they are planning a strike. Do yourselves a favor and do not fly United.
Ningbo to Singapore with Tigerair, and the flight was okay, staff was unfriendly and didnt smile but I didnt have to interact with them except hello and goodbye, both of which went unanswered. The departure was a bit delayed 30 minutes but we arrived in Singapore almost on time. Seats were quite comfortable, nice magazine to read. I would fly with them again if the flight is cheap enough, as overall it was an okay experience.
  From checkin 1 day before to arrival in Bristol everything was to our complete satisfaction. The seat spacing on the type of aircraft used was a little smaller than usual, but was easy to bear due to the short flight duration.
MBAWIL and NBOMBA. Old Dash 8100 on both flights with limited comfort  but okay for the 1 hr flight. Service on both legs consisted of 2 dry biscuits and cold drinks. Crew okay but disappeared immediately after servicing the few passengers. Return flight was delayed 4 hrs with nearly no information.
  Not impressed. I was supposed to get a discount as advertised for joining their loyalty program. Never got one as they claim their software is unable to honor the offer to anyone who doesnt have a local Thai phone number.  How many international travelers use this route? On top of that they never even answered my corresponding questioncomplaint to customer service. On the date of our flight it was delayed multiple times absent proper communication. Got in hours late. Old and tired plane.
  Unpleasant Experience with Sun Country Airlines Cancellation Policy. An encounter that left me profoundly disappointed and frustrated. Two days before my trip, I got sick and had to cancel my trip to Florida. While I understand that cancellation policies are a necessity for businesses to run efficiently, I was dismayed by the lack of flexibility shown by Sun Country. They offered me a travel voucher for my flight cancellation, subtracting a $150 fee, which I accepted despite it seeming like a high cancelation fee. I must now book a flight within a year. However, the real bone of contention lies with the rental car I booked through them. Sun Country refused to issue a refund for the rental car since it was less than 2 days from departure, a policy that I find exorbitantly unfair and far from customerfriendly. I also contacted Avis, the rental car company I discovered they would have only billed me upon car pickup, indicating that my cancellation incurred no loss on their part. To add to my frustration, I found that the rental car pricing offered by Sun Country was more expensive than alternatives like Expedia or Kayak. It became evident that these other platforms provided better pricing and allowed for cancellation without charges. Reflecting on this experience, I regret bundling auto rental services with Sun Country Airlines. The lack of transparency, customer consideration, and higher costs was disheartening and left a bitter taste. From now on, I will refrain from bundling services with Sun Country Airline, a lesson learned at a steep price. I hope my experience is a cautionary tale for others who value customer service, transparency, and flexibility.
On a 35 minute flight from Miami to Nassau we had an hour delay on the way in and 3.5 hours delay on the way back. No explanation was provided at all. Company did not even provide bottled water for the longest delay despite the fact that all the shops in the airport at Nassau shut down at 6pm and there was nowhere to buy even water. Service was awful too with moody and bad attitude stewardesses. For a premium flight of over $300 for a 35 minutes flight, the experience is definitely not deserved.
 Flight attendants are not prepared at all in managing and organizing the flight and the passengers. I had a problem in sitting in my seat and they handled the situation in a very unprofessional way. I had the feeling that they wouldnt care if I travel standing in the aisle and not sitting during the 10 hour flight and Im not over reacting! The flight attendant refused to give me his name then after I insisted he gave me his name and dared me to file a complaint against him! They treat Egyptian nationalities really badly. Moreover the plane was not clean at all especially during the COVID pandemic which is not acceptable. You find used napkins in between the seats from previous flights! Thats not all, they lost my 2 pieces of luggage in New York and they are still searching for it. 
 My flight that was supposed to leave Frankfurt on Christmas Day was delayed by 24 hours. Thankfully, that was pretty much the only negative I have to say about the airline. As soon as Condor realized that they would not be able to get us out of Frankfurt, they sent our luggage to baggage claim and arranged for a shuttle bus to the hotel they paid for. Everything went extremely smoothly for such an unexpected delay mechanical problems with the plane. Once on the plane, Condor allowed everyone to use the premium entertainment options, which meant I had plenty of movies to watch on the way back. When I requested the compensation guaranteed by EU regulations for long flight delays, Condor immediately replied that they would reimburse me. I ended up essentially paying nothing for a transatlantic flight during the busiest time of the year! I would feel comfortable flying on Condor again knowing that they will help make my journey smooth even if unanticipated problems occur.
  Cabin crew  airport staff all do their best. We had a great captain  turbulence today. I enjoyed the flight. But Jetstar the airline is awful, its like some Freemium game. Next, the seat belt will be $10. Today, Jetstar herded people to stand at the gate at Gold Coast  before the A320 had even disembarked its last load! Jetstar made 120 people, many elderly, stand for 20mins in a queue to nowhere, just for Jetstars convenience. My tip wait until the line is already getting short, rather than standing in the maze for no reason. Also check your fare rules. I find Plus the bestleast worst.
 Extremely rude cabin supervisor. I explained her that was pregnant and and needed cabin crew assistance to stow my hand luggage into overhead stowage. To what she replied with extremely aggressive body language my male cabin crew are not your concierge boys. I fly very often and it is scary to observe as I am excabin crew how often cabin crew do not follow safety rules. It is scary and unpleasant to fly with them always.
 Terrible, first me and my five family members landed in Georgia because we had a layover then right when we landed they cancelled our flight to Florida with no other options then to drive. And you may be thinking  oh I hope they got a refund yes, yes we did FOR BOTH OF OUR FLIGHTS TO AND FROM! So now as I sit hear in the airport with nothing to do stuck in Georgia I hope you NEVER experience this and NEVER fly Delta
RTMHAM return in F50s. The outbound flight was delayed by about 20 mins due to high winds but the captain kept us informed. There was only one member of cabin crew on this halffull flight yet he managed two full drinks rounds in the short flying time. The return flight was relatively uneventful and arrived on time. For the return fare VLMCityJet do offer excellent value for money with a full service in economy.
  We got to CDG airport 3 hours before departure, and we had to run to catch the flight. Long lines, some counters were closed while the ground staff was chatting, no sense of urgency from anyone. The supervisor was less helpful than the others. When we landed at LAX, we didnt find our luggage, and AF personnel had no idea of where it was. It was left in front of the house door the following day without even ringing the bell. We found the bag broken and unrepairable and AF only reimbursed us for 15 of the value for a new bag, with no explanation. 
  Overall the flight was modest. The checkin was done using web checkin was smooth. Dropped the luggage at the checkin desk with proper checking on my luggage weight including cabin baggage. immigration security checking was smooth. Boarding was smooth, with proper arrangementlineup via zone as stated in the ticket. The seat was modest, with good cleanliness. The meal rice with fish was good but can be improved. The flight stewardess shows her best performance throughout this flight. Overall, I enjoy the flight.
  I want to strongly recommend the Disabled Persons Services employee, Kevin, who helped transport me across three terminals at LAX this week. He is personable, efficient, and highly competent at his job. We really needed someone like him that morning.
My flight to Tunis was 1 hour late leaving Heathrow and 2 hours late on the return from Tunis. This seems to be the norm for this airline. Tunis airport is chaotic but this is not the fault of Tunis Air.
Cape Town to Walvis Bay Namibia return in business class B737500. This was flying as it used to be good service hot meal on a 2 hour flight and large comfortable seats. Admittedly the outbound trip was 2 hours delayed and communication was poor but this is Africa and they did their utmost to turn it around when it did arrive. No doubt my holiday spirit affected my reaction to this if you had commitments it would have been a problem. I would use them again and would do the LGW to Namibia route with them. Safe professional and customer focussed.
  Bengaluru to Paris via Bahrain. Extremely unprofessional, incompetent staff. They held my husband up at Bahrain Airport on Sept 14 2018 during our transfer to Paris without giving any reason. There were no immigration or travel document problem or even luggage security. They just held him without telling him any reason. After being held up for about 7 hours at Bahrain Airport, he was cleared to board the next flight to Paris that night. Again, no reason was given when we asked why he was held. We were treated like criminals. They did not show us any official communication mentioning any reason as to why were being held up. We lost an entire day of our trip because of this. I have filed multiple complaints, no adequate response from them. I even emailed their CCO, but got no satisfactory response. They wouldnt tell us the reason and wouldnt respond. Pathetic customer care service. Do not fly with this airline ever.
  I cannot say enough good things about Zipair. First and foremost is the excellent price for a round trip ticket from LA to Tokyo. With the current exchange rate you can go Business class for under $2,000 RT, or for under $900 if you fly economy. This is with all the upgrades added. You will spend a little more on snacks and drinks, but that is even cheap with our current exchange rates. The seats are all comfortable and their internet is free. I would recommend downloading some shows prior to take off as the internet did drop a couple of times.
  Maun to Cape Town. Never use this airline. Denied boarding because of a supposedly faulty passport. Forced to buy connecting ticket out of Cape Town, forced to leave my family and not join them on vacation. On arrival in Cape Town authorities did not find an issue with passport. The price for a ticket was already high and now the additional flight out of Cape Town that I did not use cost me another 700 dollars
  Horrible. Cebu overbooked the flight, so they canceled my flight to Manila, and offered to rebook me two days after the fact. I wouldve missed my connecting flight.  they did not inform me of the cancellation. I discovered it accidentally. Decided to dump them all together, cancel the ticket, and went with AirAsia , which is much more reliable. Cebu charged me a rebooking fee. This, by far, was the worst airline.
 On the morning of April 26, 2022 my wife, Daniele, and I were scheduled to depart Dominica for San Juan at 815 am on the Silver Airways flight that was scheduled to depart at 815. From San Juan we had connections on to Philadelphia and Montreal, our final destination. The PHL connection was at 100pm, so plenty of time 3 hours in San Juan to clear customs and make the flight. We arrived at DOM airport at 600am and checked in and were in the departure lounge by 700 am. The Silver Airways Saab 340 was there on the ground, visible to all. There was no boarding call for our flight. Time went by. People got impatient. Finally, 4 hours later, at noon we were told to board the flight. There was no communication, no reason given, nada. We, and many others, missed our connecting flights. In our case we had to get a room at the airport hotel and get up at 200 am in order to catch an American flight to PHL at 500 am. The unofficial reason for the Silver flight delay, supplied to us by airport staff members in DOM, was that the Saab 340 is not authorized to take off on a wet runway  it was raining lightly much of the morning of April 26. If so, and no other excuse was given to us by Silver, then this is the most absurd thing Ive ever heard of in 50 years of flying, much of it in undeveloped parts of the world. Simply put, Silver Airways should be out of business.
 Amman to Cairo. I flew to Cairo on Royal Jordanian on 52022 and never got one piece of luggage. The other piece arrived back in Charlotte on 61722. I had to buy clothes in Cairo and have never gotten any response from the airline on how to file a claim for my missing luggage or obtain a statement for proof of loss and delay in getting bag. Nobody will respond or answer a phone.
I would advise anyone that is thinking about using this airline to not do so. I flew Miami to Medelln round trip and it was very inexpensive. I thought it would be okay to try it, the service was terrible and the airplane uncomfortable and very hot to say the least. I flew to Colombia with an instrument, my guitar, paid a fee to take it as carry on and thats it. When returning home to Miami, the Viva Colombia Airline crew denied me taking the guitar and said I need to send it through with the bags. Of course, anyone that knows a Taylor Guitar is around $1,300 USD and it would insane to send it with a bunch of bags. I attempted to speak to the front desk staff who said no, spoke to her supervisor who did not even care or was a bit concerned about my problem. She said it was protocol to not take instruments as carry ons and that Viva Colombia in the States shouldnt have allowed me to bring it in. She apologized on behalf of their staff and just walked off. I called the person above her who was even more nonchalant about the situation, she could not have cared less.  The client service is terrible. First and last time I ever fly Viva Colombia, as a Colombian its embarrassing to know they carry our name.
AGP to LCY oneway. I occasionally upgrade to Business Class to get lounge access and  most important for me  more space. The E190 which BA Cityflyer operates on this route has good seat pitch and comfortable seats but the 2x2 arrangement means that youll be sitting next to someone on a busy flight which mine was I was travelling alone. I have no complaints about the service and the food though Id mention that I was the third person to be served the meal and the last person to have a choice. The lounge at Malaga is spacious and plenty to drink but little food. and the WiFi didnt work. Not a bad experience overall but the lack of space in Business was a major disappointment and I wont be using again if travelling alone.
 Awful customer service, impossible to contact and their website just kept coming up with an error message when I tried to change my flight. They had no representative at the airport despite cooperating a flight from there and I ended up having to buy a new ticket. Vietnam Airlines still refuse to refund the ticket I no longer needed. Never use this airline unless its a last resort they are totally useless. Also trying to talk to customer service in Ho Chi Minh airport is impossible as they just ignore foreigners and serve Vietnamese people first. Incredibly rude.
  My flight from Melbourne to Sydney was canceled and moved to a later flight. Which would mean i would miss my brothers funeral which Im a coffin bearer. Tamara at Mildura airport check in did her best and got me on a earlier flight. 
Luxair operates 5 per week flights between Mlaga Costa del Sol and Luxembourg City. Prices on Luxair can be high for this route but the value for money is excellent. We had a true tray with a complete meal on board with Luxembourgish specialities which were pretty good. Cabin crew speaking in more that 4 languages and even in Spanish very good point for a Spanish passenger like me. Seats and leg room were excelent and the plane was new and clean.
  Toronto to Santiago de Cuba, Jan 25th 2018 Flight 191  departure scheduled for 1255  actual lift off from runway at 4am Jan 26  apparently technicalmechanical difficulties with the aircraft that arrived, on time, to fly us there plane eventually towed away for repairs and etc  passengers were at least issued lunch and dinner vouchers for $20 each. But the duration of the delay was severe  by the time we got to SCU, disembarked from the aircraft and got out to the luggage carousel, a number of passengers then discovered that their luggage had not arrived with the flight  details were recorded, by hand, at the airport lost  found, for each passenger but no claim forms issued, no receipts provided, no information or other assistance of any use provided just a lot of throwing up of the arms into the air. Passengers on this flight lost a full day of their vacation as well as a hotel room night, both of which theyd already paid for and did not receive. Trying to get meaningful information on the whereabouts of the missing luggage and when it would be delivered to us at our hotel was met with mostly uninformative dismissiveness  complaints have been lodged with the tour operator and the airline. Tour operator and airline should be providing complainants with better levels of compensation than just meal vouchers after all that we have been through. On this episode, you get a 1  will still be using the tour operator and the airline but come on people!
  La Vegas to Burbank. Cheap flight and free drinks great snacks. Great  legroomIm 62. Lounge in LAS was super nice. No TSA I was put onto another airplane to shorten the delay without wifi but plane was supposed to have outlets and wifi. There was a delay but the staff and crew were helpful and informative. The captain even flew a lot faster to shorten the delay. After landing I received an email from JetsuiteX apologizing for the delay and issued me a $50 voucher. JetsuiteX eliminates everything thats wrong with flying. They even tried to fill up the remaining seats on the plane with people on the later flight. 
  I flew from Dsseldorf to Warsaw. Through several phone calls with Trip.com, with whom I booked, it wasnt possible to fix the problem Trip.com made themselves. Gladly at the checkin counter a very helpful young men helped me with the issue by calling his colleagues, without any additional costs. Last time I booked with Trip.com, next time will order my ticket directly with LOT airlines.
 I have traveled Korean Air many times and it is offering amazing Economy class product between Australia and Europe  seats with unbelievable leg space, nice catering, clean aircrafts, free 5star hotel in Incheon on transit. Airbus 330 and Boeing 7478 aircraft are very comfortable and friendly to Economy class guests. The only large disadvantage is that you cant upgrade to business with miles on the majority of fares.
  I came to the airport 2 hours in advance, but I still lost my flight. The staff of SMK airport was rude and unhelpful and told me that according to Wizz Air rules they charge 60 euros for checkin in the airport. No refund, no money, no trip.
  My flight was May 6th 2022. The day before the flight they email me that the flight will be delayed to 240am instead to the original time which is 145 am. I checked in and waited for the time in front of the gate . But when I checked at the flight information board they re timed it at 320am not sure for the exact time and boarding gate changed too. As the time nearing they change it again to 400am and lastly they change the time again to 520am. They retime the flight 5 times. Its very upsetting. I went to the airport early to avoid the queue. Ended up staying in the airport for 8 hours before boarding. They delayed the flight without anyone talk to us what is happening. We are all tired. And we dont have a choice to sleep on the chair and floor.
  Beijing to Boston. Very impressed by the excellent service supplied by Huang. She is smiled and asked what I needed. She answered all questions asked. We really appreciate her service. I enjoy this trip with Hainan Airlines
I flew with my family from Fukuoka to Busan for a holiday. Although we stayed for a night in Busan and then flew to Seoul the next day the airport staff were very helpful and friendly they helped me reserve seats for the second route with leg room. The ticket fee was still attractive even though it was during their New Year. No choice for the drink only Jeju orange juice inflight. No delays.
  First time with Saudia Airlines, totally different between the first leg AmsterdamJeddah with the second Jeddah Lahore. I fly with Saudia because I belong to Skyteam Alliance and Im a Platinum pax so I have a lot of benefits. AmsterdamJeddah with B787 in ECO Ground staff very kind in Schipol and she put us in the exit seats, that means a lot of legroom. The service was good, doesnt stand out especially if you compare with other Middle Eastern airlines. But a little better than American or European airlines. Seat ok with footrest, entertainment ok, food ok, a little plus with amenity bag with earplugs, eyes mask and socks. Of course no alcholic drinks. Flight Attendants were kind and ok. In Jeddah transfer nice and new airport, very clean and everything is new. For connecting flights you should pass other security control, that was a little bit messy between the line for normal pax and the SkyPriority line. Luckily had a lot of time to transfer. JedddahLahore with B777, was totally different. We upgraded biding system Aircraft looks old. Flight Attendants looked tired and disorganized but very kind because C class?. The most important was that I could sleep a couple hours. Food on demand but was not really special. Will I fly again with them  probably yes if the price is ok and of course will still be in the Alliance.
 WOW as in two flights and two lost suitcases. They will say it is Delayed, but when they dont know where it is, that is lost to me. No entertainment systems on intercontinental flights? Not even coffee included in the ticket price? Id like to be positive about something, but all this has done is tell me I will happily pay a little more for a flight that is ontime, with my suitcases, and a lot more comfortable.
 I have flown Southwest since I was a child and I am always impressed by the witty flight attendants, flexible seating and free carryon policy. But alas, I find myself disappointed and distraught yet again. As I write this, I am sitting on the plane because I find the time to act is now. No longer will I sit in the shadows and ignore this issue. There are too many pretzels in the snack mix. Its preposterous. When you hear the term snack mix, you can expect a medley of various chips, crackers and PERHAPS a few pretzels. But what I just ate has no right to be called a MIX. Pretzels plagued my small package and I was overwhelmed. I have fond memories of the old peanut and biscuits that used to be available. Why are they gone? We may never know. Also, though this has nothing to do with the airline, the person in front of me has chosen to recline their seat. Why was this even made an option? And who would do that? I am struggling to sympathize. Maybe I would feel better if I had a wellrounded snack mix in my belly. Thank you for reading, and gods speed to anyone who values the truth and hates false advertizing.
  Vancouver to Mexico City. Dont waste your time or money with Interjet. They changed my flight time a few days before my trip which would not allow me to make my connection in Mexico City. I contacted them and was offered a refund. That was 6 months ago. I have been contacting them weekly to follow up on the progress and I keep getting the same answer from any CSR that I speak with We will expedite the refund for you, you should receive it in 5 business days. No there is no supervisor you may speak with wow I cant believe they have not refunded you yet Guess I will be contacting them daily to see if I ever see my money again. 
  ANA provides a good value in Premium Economy. The flight attendants are topnotch. The cabin environment is comfortable, quiet, and relaxing, much different than Ive experienced on US airlines to Japan. The seats are larger, more padded, and allow for reclining and leg support for sleeping, plus less crowded and easier bathroom access. Also, you can get two seats together for more privacy. The food was ample and delicious. If you arent offered the business class drinks you want, just ask and they will happily provide it whiskey! We purchased tickets about 56 months early and by the time we left, economy class seats were the same price as what we paid for premium economy. At check in we were offered a paid upgrade to business from ORD to Haneda but at $500 per person we didnt feel it worth the money and we were pleased with our decision. I would choose ANA again.
  Absolutely shocking customer service. Lost luggage, said they would pay 50 of costs for clothing for two small kids and an adult  not sure what law that represents. The worst is that the official helpline is utterly terrible. Ive spent short of 6 hours trying to get through to someone. The end result is that the helpline for baggage is just an information centre and cant actually tell me where our lost kids clothes are. They make a request. This is abysmal.
  Scoot changed the aircraft at the last minute to a smaller one and offloaded a bunch of passengers including my family from a 9.30 am flight. So we were left high and dry after purchasing confirmed seats. We had to beg for seats on a later flight. They give us boarding passes for a 4pm flight, which was delayed by 2 hours, so we finally take off at 6pm! Also our baggage is handled so badly that my brand new suitcase came out on the luggage belt with black marks on it, looking like an old bag. Never want to use Scoot again! Horrible experience.
  Horrible experience. They say that my luggage is too big for cabin, because it doesnt fit a small box they had. But inside the airplane there was not only plenty of space but Ive flown with the same suitcase carryon for years. So they had me pay a fee to take the luggage to checked baggage. I asked them if they can make it cheaper if I take stuff out. I had 15kg. They said no, 6500 yen is the cheapest. Then I looked on the website and the cheapest was under 14kg with 5500 yen. I came to the airport 3h before departure and waited and waited at the gate. I saw then boarding two other destinations Singapore and Bangkok before they started with Los Angeles my destination. I went there one hour before departure because I was worried. They said that the gates are closed and we cant het checked in, I said I was there for 3h and not once did I hear them call the LAX flight.  They eventually let all of us in and we managed to get on the plane.  I just wanted the minimum amount of respect and professionalism when dealing with customers. If one of them complains, its maybe the customer whos crazy. But when you have 3 passengers not checked in because they didnt know wherewhen to do it, then there must be a problem with your system.  Thirdly, they didnt offer us water as a free service on a 10h flight. You had to buy it.
 Horrible. They lost my bag, I went to a front desk person and they basically told me it wasnt their problem and to file a claim online. Trying to locate my bag was so stressful, customer service could not update me on my bag status and continuously transferred me to the wrong people or they were not answering. I still have no idea what happened to my bag. Will not be flying with them again.
  Bali to Hong Kong. I am so disgusted. My flight was changed without any notification leaving my stranded in Bali. No explanation has been given and now I must stay here and extra day. The service is uncontactable unless youre in a Marco Polo club. No phone numbers are given. Now I am stranded for 2 days.
  Quepos to San Jose. Well, my family and I were suppose to fly with Sansa, but after waiting at the airport for a while we were told the flight was cancelled and there were no other flights for us. The counter person said we would be refunded our ticket price. However, when I inquired with the airline several days later I was simply told that they do not give refunds, even when they cancel a flight. Avoid this airline.
 My wife and I, we are really outraged by the way we have been treated by the EVA AIR  BR75 team. The flight times have been moved up to 5 times, due to technical issues. Finally it was the next day. In the meantime we received 2 food vouchers, which could be used at a limited number of shops. The route from the gate to the shops was a long walk and then back. We are an elderly couple and not very mobile. By the time we got to a snack shop, there was already a queue of 50 people. Reason many of those kind of shops were closed due to renovations. So we had to walk even further. At the end of the day we had to go to another gate we had to wait again, without further information. Finally, we followed the whole group of people to the immigration gate, we had to hand over our passports. It is therefore forbidden according to the Dutch government to hand over your passport. Only if there is legal approval for this. A copy of our passports was not accepted. If we refuse, they wouldnt help us any further. So we had to do this. After a 30 minute bus ride we arrived at a hotel. Waiting endlessly again. We got a very basic room, no hot water, no luggage. We got a meal, went to bed exhausted at 11 pm, got up at 3 am, because we had to take the bus to the airport at 4 am. Waiting again, no one from EVA AIR was there to explain anything. 500 passengers, in small groups, were searching for information or help. The flight was not listed. And only around 0730, the staff arrived and boarding could begin. We had to wait a long time for our passports, because a pile of numbered passports had been dropped. We are regular customers of EVA AIR, but we dont recognize the service anymore. This was so bad and customer unfriendly. This brings down the reputation of the company way down. We have submitted a complaint but unfortunately, have not received any response.
Paris Orly to Montreal return. The business class fare classe Grand Large is less than 13 of that of a regular carrier. Ok the seats only recline to 130 degrees but the 222 configuration of their brand new A330 is definitely better than the 232 which Air France provide in their B777! Excellent food and drinks wide choice of entertainment courteous friendly and efficient service who could ask for more ?! The only slight disappointment was the badly designed footrest which does not make much of a difference. All in all a very pleasant experience.
Air Bagan may be Myanmars fastest growing airline even having international ambitions but we had the experience they are not really that well organized internally. We booked a number of domestic flights with them and tickets were written out with OK status on February the 12th when we picked them up in their downtown Yangon office. A week later when we checked in at Nyaung U for a NYEHEH flight Air Bagan staff told us flight AKYRGN we booked was cancelled and we had to contact Air Bagan in Taunggyi once we arrived in HEH to arrange alternative travel. After arrival in HEH we contacted Air Bagan in Taunggyi who told us no flights were cancelled. We asked them to verify this again and later that night Air Bagan called us we didnt have to worry and the AKYRGN flight would certainly fly. A few days later we flew HEHSNW and as we had a reservation to fly SNWAKY the next day we once more checked with Air Bagan at SNW airport on the AKYRGN flight. We now were told AKYRGN was cancelled as AKY airport would be closed for maintenance for several days! The SNWAKY we booked would still operate but as return flights for the next days would not operate we of course decided to cancel SNWAKY. Air Bagan didnt seem to understand why we didnt want to fly SNWAKY. Having no return flight from AKY didnt seem to be an issue for them and they suggested us to buy a full fare SNWRGN flight. They agreed to refund us the cancelled flights after paying a cancellation fee but refund could only be made in the Air Bagan office where we paid the tickets! This would mean we had to go back to downtown Yangon what we hadnt planned into our travel schedule anymore. After several discussions with Air Bagan staff in SNW and with the help of our hotel manager in Ngapali the next day when we showed up at SNW airport for the SNWRGN flight local Air Bagan staff appeared to be very helpful and tickets were paid back at SNW airport and fare for the SNWRGN was Town Office and not Published full fare. We were very pleased local Air Bagan staff in SNW understood the issue and willing as well to refund us but next time I book a flight with them Ill think twice.
  Flight left Manila ontime. Some interruptions in serving meal due to turbulence but captain kept the seatbelt sign for too long though fine already, but I understand. Food portion got smaller  smaller and slight decline on the quality of service. Still a better choice for a direct flight.
Service was excellent staff friendly meals were good. Boeing 767200 was very very old. My son went to put his seatbelt on and it came off in his hand. The seat adjacent to that one had a table that wouldnt stay up. They do need new equipment but flight was otherwise uneventful.
 Worst trip of my life. The airline has 0 organization. First, going to Tokyo was very uncomfortable. The seats are terrible. I understand we flight in economy, but we still paid quite a lot of money for a trip to be comfortable. In 13 hours of flight we were served food ONCE. Several hours later they gave us a snack that wont even satisfy a 2 years old. Then coming back from Tokyo was even worse. Again in 14 hours food was served twice, the quality even worse than before. The restrooms were absolutely filthy right starting the journey which means they didnt clean them at all And what made me write this review is not all the previous said but the fact that our flight was delayed by 120. That means that we wouldnt make it to Rome before the next flight leaves. In Tokyo we were told that the flight will wait for us, and they did, but we had to run and rush through all the airport of FCO, a woman even fell down and had an injury, we had to go to a whole different terminal because ITA Airways couldnt think about leaving us closer or plan better the trip. We made it but at what cost. We even had to go through a security check which is ridiculous, we are in a connecting flight. We had such a terrible time Ill be traumatized by this company for the rest of my life.
 What a complete ripoff. Abysmal customer service that stole my money. I booked this flight for my elderly parents and paid to upgrade their seats well in advance. I received confirmation of the seat booking and they debited the money from my account. When we went to check in online we noted that the seats had not been allocated as per the prepayment. I went to see the Ethiopian Airlines office in person and met what can only be described as the worst customer service agent ever and I have met some awful ones before. Not only did she tell me that it was not paid for despite seeing the receipt and proof of the money leaving my account but then she told me it was not her problem and I should contact the helpline. I asked to see her manager and was told there was none. After getting very angry she went off and returned over 15 minutes later and said everything had been arranged and the seats were allocated. Imagine the shock my parents got when to check in and were given separate seats and not the prepaid ones. This happened on both legs of the journey. What can you say, no words will describe how diabolical this service was. They are happy to take the money and happy to have customer service reps that lie to you and clearly checkin staff that are not qualified to do their jobs. If this is the state of the front office I shudder to think what is happening in the back!
  Montego Bay to Munich with Privilege Style a Spanish charter airline. After reading bad reviews of the airline, I was positively surprised. On our flight out to Montego Bay the space between the seats on Condor Airlines had been ridiculously narrow for a 12 hours flight, but with Privilege Style the space was comfortable, even in standard economy. The stewardesses were friendly, food much better than on our Condor flight.
  On October 10th we flew from Vienna to Karpathos which turned out to be the last passenger flight with this Airline to this destination, due to the sad development. The crew worked flawless as ever and was extremely friendly despite the fact that they are not quite sure about their professional future. Not a single mention came up about that but you could see and sense their feelings. We are exceedingly angry about the fact that many thousand passengers loose their money and some thousand well working employess lose their job. Many many thanks and good luck for the crew and all the other employees of ABNiki.
  Melbourne to Hong Kong return via Bandar Seri Begawan. Outbound from Australia to Brunei there were just four passengers in Business Class, yet when I submitted my meal preference not two hours into the flight I was advised that it was unavailable and asked to choose something else. I accepted that reality at the time and emailed Royal Brunei Airlines after our trip to complain. No acknowledgement or response, ever  nothing. Two years later, and two issues about which I sought to engage the airline. Outbound from Brunei for Hong Kong I was unimpressed by the torn and ragged seat upholstery facing me on the back of the two seats ahead of us. I wrote to RBA about this and another matter. Again, the response was nothing. Six months later I finally manage to drag them into communication, and although the response was professionalpolite, I had clearly become their serialpest, not a customer deserving of respect. To the other matter. Upon being called to board the late evening BruneiMelbourne flight, we followed instructions to proceed to Gate. It turns out that Gate was at the furthest end of one of their new finger piers. We walked down the totally empty pier to its farthest extremity and sat in the boarding lounge. After about 20 minutes, the staff showed up and beckoned us through the gate for a boarding check. We were then directed to walk all the way back along the totally empty finger pier to the terminal hub from whence wed come, where we found our boarding gate was open and we could proceed onto the aircraft. I asked the airline to explain this piece of silliness. Over a series of responses I was told A lot of international airports require you to walk a long distance perhaps so, but not in order to return to where you started, and RBA does not own the airport and has no control over the airport administrations requirements a pitiful excuse considering BWN is the primary airport in the nation of Brunei and is the home base for RBA, and finally The Australian government has security requirements that caused this. I am unhappy because it takes you half a year to drag the airline into communication, you are admonished for not having complained to the cabin crew at the time the crew had adequate opportunity to notice the cabin furnishing damage but obviously had not,  you are liedto regarding the reasons some particular passenger management action has occurred, you are not a satisfied customer.  We have disposed of our Royal Skies membership cards and will not choose to fly Royal Brunei Airlines again.
  Saudi Arabian Airlines is the worst airline I have ever flown. I travelled from US to Jeddah, and the plane was clean and staff was somewhat nice. Then from Jeddah to Lahore, Pakistan, the staff was very unprofessional and the airline was not wellmaintained, it was like riding a local bus. On my way back to the US, they would not let me board food items on the plane, when that is not the case going to Pakistan. They made me checkin my food items, which were inside plastic bags. By the time I came to the US, my food was damaged and my bags were damaged. Saudia Arabian airline staff and the airport security at Jeddah have serious attitude problems.
  Osaka to Jeju. Buying a ticket online was difficult for foreigners. Its better to go with Jin airline if youre not Korean. The checkin process was long because we couldnt check in online. The aircraft was clean. The seat was extremely uncomfortable, it felt too upgright. The service was mediocre. Would not fly with them again.
  Worst airline I have ever traveled with. Delayed baggage on both ends. Delayed carryon for a week on the way back with all my essentials in it. Broke one of my suitcases on the way back. Customer service keep lying and then stops responding to emails altogether. They ignored the reports and the proofs that were sent to them by email. Very disappointing experience, the staff were very rude and not understanding. They made me bring a toddler car seat to the plane door while I had a stroller and a baby with me. I have never done this with any airline. The car seats get checked in with the rest of the luggage in general. It is more than 10kg and you cant expect a person to carry that to the plane door in their hand. Please avoid this airline especially if you are traveling with kids.
 I booked a return ticket from Abbottsford to Calgary and back. The day prior to the first flight, I received a text message inviting me to check in online. I tried repeatedly to do so, but the website did not recognize my reservation number provided. After a day of fruitlessly attempting to reach customer service and waiting online for 2.5 hours for a representative who did not materialize, I gave up and decided to go to the airport early and sort it out. At some point during the night, an email was sent to me telling me that the flight was cancelled due to bird damage. Does Flair Air have a bird magnet? I note that previous reviewers have given the same reason. This email included a revised itinerary with the information that they had rebooked me on the next available flight, which was 6 days later and not acceptable to me. Even more puzzling, my return flight remained the same, meaning that Flair Air must have invented time travel, as I would be returning three days before I went. I had booked through Expedia, but their rep told me that they did not handle cancellations made by the airline and that I would have to deal with Flair directly. Flairs online customer service is non existent and a phone number that I had been given by Expedia did not work. The email included an email address for rebooking or compensation. I sent an email to this number saying I wanted both flights cancelled and refund of my money. Today, which is the day my return flight was scheduled, I received an email saying they wouldnt look at my claim until the flights were completed but I could try again after that date. I am still receiving text messages inviting me to check into the return flight despite my attempts to cancel it. I flew Flair Air two years ago, and it was great at that time. After this experience, I would not use them again.
  The waiting time for calling them is over 4 hours easily. We have this small rescue dog, weighing about 10lbs, we would like to bring her with us to the trip. Before we purchased the ticket, we checked airline website to see the pet policy, and it was stated, that we could pay for the pets in carry on bag. So I was trying to reach the airline to prepay for the carryon pet. I was on hold for over an hour and talked to a gentleman who claimed he didnt know how to do it and transferred me to another line, which I waited for more than 3 hours, so by the time, i got to talk to the lady, the time had passed 72 hours prior boarding time. and i was told i couldnt prepay to reserve for the carry on dog, and i need to go to the desk on the departure day, My family arrived the evening before our flight and I double checked with the desk people, and an on duty manager said it was OK, I was hoping to pay and make sure she can come on board on the next day flight. The guy said i couldnt do it until 4 hours to departure. So we got to the desk 3 hours before departure, the line person, the desk person all let us pass and put a sticker on our dogs bag. We boarded the airplane. For this flight, I paid extra 175 for reserving some seats for my whole family. The flight attendant found our dog bag was in front of my husbands seat, which is a special seat, no other seat in front of him, complained the bag needs to be underneath the front seat, how we could get this seat first place with a dog carry on. They got a gate person up to complain, and the gated person wanted me to show the receipt we paid for the dog, i told her what happened, and i didnt get a chance to pay for her on the phone or through the check in desk. So she started accusing us smuggling in the dog, as if we were criminal, even we showed her the canal sticker on the bag, and told her we got checked in by their airline desk. She insisted throwing us off the airplane and was very rude. I begged for paying at the spot, she said there is no way for her to take the money. Finally i moved the dog bag to be in front of my seat, behind another seat, the plane attendants were OK with it, she still insisted in throwing us out, other passengers were trying to speak for us. Finally the pilot said it is OK to let us fly. The entire episode lasted over an hour. my family and I were totally stressed. We finally made it. I will never fly with them again.
  If you have a connecting flight then for goodness sake dont fly this airline. You will have to suffer a lot at Terminal for transfer, for boarding a bus to change terminal and for everything. Chances are you may miss your connection.
  Terrible service and worst airline company Ive ever seen. No food or snacks for 5 h flight, ok, but charging for water on board.  Im 180cm, and my knees were touching front seat. At the same time my seat was not adjustable. I felt claustrophobic. Who on this earth in 2023 has such a glitchy website? Forget about online registration, buying extra luggage or so. Cabin crew was so rude. You still need to wear mask, but no one will tell you in advance, you will be notified right at the gate and no one cares if you dont have one  its your problem. And a cherry on top  theyve damaged my luggage and for a refund actually im quite surprised theyve answered to the claim, offered me 70 usd deposit for Avianca services. Should i accept it and just buy 23 bottles of water during my next flight? Oh, wait, there wont be any next flight with Avianca.
  Ha Noi to Da Nang. There was a 2 hour delay on my flight, but I was not told until I got to the airport. The information on their app is also crap. It only shows general flight information and does not reflect the delays on the flight.  At one point during the delay, the screens around the airport showed that our fight had already taken off. We had to run around to find someone to ask about it. Eventually, we got hold of a staff member and ask her. Only then we realised that the screens were not correct. No apology and no explanation was received. A few days later, I had another flight with Vietnam Airlines from Hue to Saigon, there was another hour delay. 
  AirAsia India is not customeroriented air carrier. In Covid19 spread issue, they are allowing to cancel tickets but refund will be in the form of credit points which can be used later. And allowing to reschedule the itinerary with payment of ticket difference amount. 
Booked a return flight for my partner and I to Amsterdam for a family wedding and personal holiday. London City Airport is bliss no queues just relaxing we arrived 45 minutes before our flight and had time to sit and have breakfast before our 9.25 flight. Even though the flight was only around 40 minutes in the air the flight crew still managed to give out drinks and snacks. The Avro RJ 85 was comfortable and more than suitable for the flight cabin crew were attentive and authoritative while still remaining pleasant. Cityjet is a full service airline and well worth the money. Since I was travelling in August all airlines charge summer rates 200 but as Cityjet is not a holiday airline their fares dont change in the summer meaning they actually became competitive with Easyjet and KLM. Luggage and food is included flying from London you get to experience the worlds best airport and they really do take all of the stress out of flying. Cityjet only cater for short haul business flights so offer no entertainment but on a 40 minute flight what could they do? I will definitely use them again and am recommending them to everyone!
 Short flight but excellent service and excellent airline. Staff are really helpful and go the extra mile to help disabled passengers. I will definitely recommend Airlink.
YQQ to YVR Comox to Vancouver For such a small airline and airplane we were pleasantly surprised. It was no more expensive for our family of four to take the CMA flight than it would be to take the ferry to Vancouver and back and for a couple of nights in hotels to make our connecting flights south. Being a smaller plane it was open seating. We were in the emergency seats going both ways and both times the pilots made sure to make eye contact with us when explaining the procedures and asked if we had questions. CMA is very good about the schedule. Both flights left on time and arrived on time. Its a nice short flight. Being a smaller plane it was a bit bumpy both ways but as someone who has become airsick on bigger jets I had no problem at all. The only negative comment I have is that being a prop plane it was very loud and the announcements they made arrival time etc. were impossible to hear. The recording needs to be louder.
  At 9.45pm last night I got the dreaded email from Jetstar saying my flight is cancelled for today. I clicked options but only got message to check with ground staff at the airport if I was at the airport. Or call Jetstar but the call centre is not open for another 8 hours. I checked Jetstar flights leaving Phuket for Melbourne for the next 3 days but all sold out. Once again left stranded overseas with no information. I got cancelled last year by Jetstar going to Bali. I booked a flight with another airline for $1800 rather than risk of being stranded. Shame on you Jetstar. The least you could do is have call centre open for stranded international passengers. Complete lack of information.  Plenty of other airlines who will do the right thing.
 Toronto to Edmonton. This is the worst airline I have ever flown, the staff were so very rude. They have you squashed in there like sardines, you cannot move, you are constantly bumping the seat in front of you, as is the person sitting behind you. The seats, if you could call them that was like sitting on concrete, you literally had to crawl over the armrest to get out of your seat as there is no leg room at all. I have never been so uncomfortable in my entire life. The staff were horrible and when coming around with the beverage cart, they kept skipping rows and not bothering to ask people if they wanted anything. No inflight entertainment at all, not even a place to plug in your headphones to at the very least listen to music. This airline is a joke if you ever see Air Canada rouge come up, stay far away. I tried to optout of giving any star ratings at all because they truly deserve nothing, but it would not allow me to submit otherwise.
  Special appreciation to the cabin crew Sonika. I was super impressed with her fluency in announcements, all three different languages and it was just amazing to hear her out.
Port Elizabeth to Durban economy. Not impressed very rocky flight with a seemingly over zealous person on the stick. Took a travel sick tablet for a 50 mins flight! Service seemed OK and plenty of cabin crew around but I really just wanted to be on the tarmac. Possibly one of the worst flights I have known  but that may just be me.
  Gatwick to Chicago. I have flown this airline twice now and these were the worst flights I have been on. I booked through Norwegian and the flights were operated by Wamos. Ill never make the mistake of ignoring that again. To begin with, the seats are massively uncomfortable. I wasnt expecting luxury, but I could actually feel how the plastic fit together through the seat cover on this flight. Additionally, the cost of food was $45, so I chose not to order food, opting instead to bring snacks on the plane. Both flights I took were transatlantic, so around 89 hours. If you had not paid for food, they would not allow you to have even water. actually saw the flight attendants laugh in other passengers faces when they asked for a cup of water on an 8 hour flight! One of these flights didnt even allow passengers a chance to purchase snacks or drinks, either. The gate agents weighed passengers carryon baggage when they felt like it in other words, arbitrarily, so some people with overweight luggage were allowed on regardless of weight, while others had to pay £80 to check their luggage at the gate. My flight from London to Chicago took off over 2 and a half hours late and nearly caused me to miss my next flight. The crew were in no rush to help passengers move quickly off the plane, even knowing that there were people with layovers who would now need to make connecting flights with drastically less time including going through customs, awaiting baggage, transferring to domestic terminals, and going through security again. I would rather pay a massive lastminute ticket price than ever ride with this airline again and if I ever find myself in a position to fly with them again, I would either spend the money for a different airline, or just stay home.
 I travelled with FlyNas approximately 10 times early last year and insisted to my employer that I would never Fly with them again. 45 times they were late  usually between 14 hours. They provide almost no information to passengers about the delays and just let them sit there waiting for something to happen. Shockingly inept organisation and shockingly inept communication. Having changed employer, this year Ive had to try them again. Unsurprisingly, their app still doesnt work properly on iPhoneX at least forcing you to use a Web browser and take a screen shot of the ticket. I checked in online last night and came to Dubai terminal 1, thinking Id get through emigration and use one of the sleep pods for a late morning flight. Only I was told that they didnt accept FlyNas eboarding cards, I had to use a normal printed one  but FlyNas counters were closed, so I had to get a taxi to a local hotel instead. This morning someone told me thats because of the visa checks that need to be done in person  which Emirates, Saudia and Fly Dubai seem capable of doing online. It appears that FlyNas arent linked up to the systems to enable this online  yet they dont feel like this is worth mentioning when you do checkin online. Ive travelled lots, and I have no qualms in saying that FlyNas are utterly useless. A bit cheaper than most of the other airlines, but a truely awful experience.
IOM to GCI. Guernsey now lacks a true business service since the disappearance of BA. Flybe economy plus product is expensive and offers little and Aurigny have no business product. I liked very much Blue islands the time keeping and friendly approach of the pilots and lounge staff at Jersey. The service certainly has a unique brand feel and a unique business model flying small planes with no hostess at flexible business type fares offering complimentary lounges in the channes islands However the shortcomings are that the J31 is not a particularly comfortable for Journeys of over an hour and while I welcome the lounges at JER and GCI there is no lounge access anywhere else. Incidentally JEA used to have a hostess on their twin otters whan flying STN GCI. Suggested improvements would be offering a carry on refreshment bag or even the co pilot organising drinks from a thermos! The lounges could provide light snacks and alcohol at the times of evening flights and this could really compete in this world where the competion is all in the budget category.
  Worst customer service! Due to the COVID19 outbreak, I had to cancel my travel plans from Kolkata to Delhi on 17th March, 2020. The customer service rep told me that no cancellation fees would be exempted, and he hung up on me.  Ultimately, they charged full penalty for this flight cancellation knowing the fact that it has been declared as a Pandemic situation by WHO. I dont know what the authorities are waiting for. Most pathetic customer care, and a ridiculous airline.
  My wife was 27wks pregnant when we boarded our transit flight from Bali to Sydney, we were able to board early and my wife went to the rear of the cabin and asked the crew if she could potentially get a row to herself. She asked only IF after boarding and there was a row available. A no would have been fine but the female crew member at the rear of the flight rudely said no and then as my wife turned to come back to our seats she heard the crew mumble under her breath as if wed give it to you anyway. Absolutely disgusting behavior and pathetic treatment. Qantas has genuinely gone downhill, I am ashamed to call it my national airline. Shame on you Qantas, charging ridiculous prices and making record profits while providing pathetic service. 
  Osaka to London via Seoul. First time to fly Asiana Airline, although I had heard good things about it. Flight was almost impeccable Osaka to Seoul and Seoul to London arrivals were on time, was confirmed my preselected aisle seats as well as vegetarian meals which were served very quickly. Flight attendants were kind and professional, airplane was clean, with multiple lavatories for a comfortable flights for everyone no lengthy queues. Other small and positive details flight to London, slippers for all passengers in economy were provided, as well as air combs and moisturizer in lavatories. The vegetarian meals were actually and surprisingly very good the bread was not though, and between the two meals there were additional snacks. Both flights had plenty of space for hand luggage. Only negative note movie selection was rather small with almost nonexistent European movie category but at least there were some good Korean options  which was nice for a change from the usual Hollywood only options. All in all, recommend.
 They dont know what customer service is! My daughter flew to Halifax to see her friend and was so excited. They lost her suitcase! When she emailed them, they said they would deliver it to her friends house, which never did happen. The suitcase just sat at the Halifax airport. My daughter is 21 years old, and had crucial medication in her suitcase. For the five days that she was away, she only had the clothes on her back and had to arrange to get medication, which was very important and very difficult to replace. When you call the customer service line, no one answers. They then ask you to message them on Facebook. I tried that and its a computer talking to you. You cant get an actual real life human being to discuss your issue. When the computer asked for the flight information, my daughters name and email address. It said there was nothing found to match the criteria , it turns out that her suitcase was in Halifax the whole time, and they didnt bother to even attempt to deliver it to where she was staying. In fact, they didnt even tell her that the suitcase was at the Halifax airport to give her the option to go pick it up. The whole thing is a complete nightmare, and I would highly recommend that no one ever use this airline. Its absolutely disgusting.
  After having booked and paid a supplement to have my baggage in the cabin, I was denied boarding under the pretext that a new rule now applies that the cabin baggage included in the flight is  only the size of a handbag  for the cabin bag they must pay a supplement of 60€ at the time of boarding. 
  Got my round trip flight to Tampa from Toronto through Hotwire. They offered me one free checked bag plus one carryon for the trip. Air Canada did not honour the offer. I had to take only one carryon luggage. In Toronto they checked in my carryon luggage for free as the airplane was full. In return flight, they charged me $24 US for the same luggage while they were announcing the airplane was full and they did check in all carryon luggage free of charge! We had 230 hours delay in Toronto to Tampa and 35 minutes delay in Tampa to Toronto.
  Im travelling with 2 instruments and bought 2 carry on bags and priority boarding. The 2 instruments together take less space then 2 carry on suitcases and fit within the size allowance. They decided to take away our instruments to check in with other non fragile things like trolleys. No priority boarding and very bad service. Avoiding Norwegian air from now on. Walking on board I see plenty of space.
  My cousin flew on a flight from Barcelona to Geneva and at some point we realized it got redirected. We called their customer service line, which is designed to be fully automated, and once I finally got in contact with an actual person and asked if they have any information on my cousins flight they wanted to know the flights number. I dont memorize these numbers so I asked him to wait while I find it. He graciously waited 30 seconds. 30 seconds of waiting and then he tells me that if I dont have the number then he will have to hang up in order to serve other customers. After saying that, he doesnt wait for my response, tells me to kindly do a survey, and hangs up the phone. I understand that there are other customers, I understand that there will be other people calling this airline to find out about their friends or family that were on the same flight as my cousin but I cannot believe that 30 seconds was too much of a wait time. This airline may provide cheap fares but their customer service is so poor you really shouldnt expect anything.
 Newark to Paris Orly. I usually travel Norwegian to Europe so Ill use them as a reference. Overall, I thought the experience was slightly superior to Norwegian  checkin was quick and easy and they didnt seem quite so restrictive with baggage allowances Norwegian adds up the total of all your carryon to calculate if you are over the 10 kilo maximum, whereas Level didnt seem so concerned outside of your main carryon bag. I was able to sit next to my girlfriend with no extra charge. We brought food onboard so didnt purchase anything, but the menu seemed reasonable. The seats were comfortable, the flight stressfree and flying into Orly was a plus smaller and closer to downtown than DeGaulle. I would probably use them again based on where Im flying to and the price.
  Nikita from Customer Support is very pleasant and helpful. Definitely an asset to the company. Thank you Nikita for dealing with all my queries regarding my next flight.
  Jakarta to Surabaya. I travelled with Batik Air for more than 10 times for business trip and this one supposed to be a premium version of the sister, Lion Air. Its not as good as you think it will be. Lets say from 10 flights with Batik Air, 23 were delayed, and 12 flights without inflight entertainment. The seat is quite comfortable, bread  water is good enough and cabin crew service is okay. I personally feeling okay to take this for domestic flights but still hope that they can improve the flight experience.
 The condition of their aircraft is embarrassing. Trim falling out, seats stained and absolutely filthy, cracked windows, the list goes on. If they think these conditions are acceptable even for an ULCC its not btw then Im worried what corners they cut behind the scenes. Secondly, their staff is terrible. As many have noted before theyll charge you $25 per person to checkin at the airport, no problem for most, but an unfair policy that makes them a good penny Im sure. I had asked one of the agents at the entry of checkin, where I was to be going if I have already checkedin online, she proceeded to tell me to go in the same line with everyone else to get a tag put on my carryon. Nice scam to get me a $25 fee. After I refused, she finally pointed to the security entry. But again at the gate while waiting to board another agent walks up to me and asks me to go up to the counter, I asked why for to which she told me for my carryon, but this time they wanted me to check my bag as the flight is full. Im sorry? Dont they sell carryons as an addon? Shouldnt they know if theyll have room in the plane? Again another sign of greed, and poor management. The agent very rudely asked to see my boarding pass, as I wanted to keep my carryon with me, if I wanted to check my baggage then I wouldve, obviously. I was given my green tag for my carryon in the end, a useless policy, in which btw on my trip from Calgary to Toronto also on Flair, nobody gave me a green tag for my carryon, so this was all a surprise for me coming home. I wish it ended there but unfortunately Flair does actually suck as bad as many say. They double booked my seat, how thats possible is beyond me, clearly an actual agent messed up, because I paid for my ticket which included my seat selection May 28th, and flew June 11th I had paid for seat 2F 1st row on the Max8 but yet sure enough another passenger had seat 2F but instead of it being handled properly I got yelled at and told I wouldnt be flying today if I didnt move, whoever that gate agent was needs to be fired, they mess up and treat the passengers like that? I had my email proof showing I had paid for my seat well before checkin and yet they told me to move back to 14F. I refused to which point the pilot got involved after the flight attendants got him because of the gate agents behavior towards me. Once I showed my proof of purchase showing my name on seat 2F he told the other passenger to please move back to the other seat, which she did because after 10 minutes we all just wanted to get home. Customer service isnt there, cleanliness isnt there, urgency isnt there, do not fly with Flair. Its not worth the pennies you end up saving after you pay for the upgrades. Soon theyll charge you for the seatbelt.
 I never write reviews, this is the first time I am giving my feedback. Me and my family were traveling to London last month by Air India. I would like to say that their Flights are really in bad conditions. Food was not cooked. Chicken they served was uncooked. TV screens were not working at all, while going to London only one screen was working from our row. But while returning back all three screens were not in a working condition. Also I had ordered a kids meal for my baby, but they also forgot that. If we had called them for any assistance there was nobody there to help. Staff were in their own world. I will never recommend this airline to anybody.
 This was a smooth experience with Jet2. After boarding reasonably quickly, the flight took off about 10 minutes before its scheduled departure and landed in Birmingham about 30 minutes early. The cabin crew were efficient and pleasant. As is common on shorthaul flights, there was food and drink available for purchase but nothing was given out free. The only negative thing I can say about the flight was that we had to use shuttle buses to gain access to the terminal in Birmingham. This inconvenience spoilt an otherwise excellent flight experience.
  Mombasa to Nairobi. Delayed 1,5 hours, so I didnt get in the plane because I needed to be on time in Nairobi for the next flight. In the counter they gave me the email contact details so that I ask for a reimbursement. They never replied.
  My flight from Miami to Port of Spain with Caribbean Airlines was the most comfortable, staff was excellent the attendant was brilliant. With service like that you can never ask more.  I can give thumbs up to that staff. Thanks for everything.
  Tel Aviv to Barcelona. This is the new flagship of El Al, replacing aircraft like the 767 and 747. the configuration is 3x3x3 and the seats are nice and comfortable. Entertainment systems is very good with a wide screen and the basic WIFI is free. service was very good.
Travelled from Dalaman. The Cabin was clean and staff polite but the air con was never turned on fully so we all roasted even after many requests from not only us but other passengers. We purchased a can of coke and was charged £3.60 this is mad. All items of food or drink were priced at this level. We complained onboard if they could sort out Air Con and prices for refreshments we might consider using them again.
  Southwest Airlines has become a joke. Flight delays and connections that make no sense. I used to enjoy the airline but now, I loathe this company. They have no sense of customer service and they dont care about their employees because the employees dont care about the customer. They get paid before they render you any sort of service but when that service is less than what you expected they they take their time about rectifying the problem.  Flight delays because of staffing shortages are a poor excuse for an socalled major airline.
Brisbane  New Caledonia  Tahiti. First leg was in a bright clean new A330. Business cabin only half full. My eticket had said cold meal but I was served a full hot dinner with quality French wines for just a 2 hour flight. IFE was adequate but surprisingly had no classical music. Flight was 50 min late departing because of late arrival of the aircraft which I suspect was due ongoing issues at Brisbane airport. The fairly new international airport for New Caledonia was bright and welcoming. The business lounge was small but modern. Excellent canaps and miniature cremes brules. The flight for the second leg was operated by Air Tahiti Nui. This was not a codeshare as Air Tahiti Nui do not offer the flight themselves. A bright clean new A340. I was served a full hot lunch with quality French wines. IFE was satisfactory by modern standards. Overall a very high standard of comfort and service.
  Its an incredible journey. Whether its from getting a boarding pass to checking in your luggage or talking about the excellent service of the flight attendants on the plane, it makes you feel good. If there is a trip next time, I will continue to choose China Southern Airlines.
  Considering it is a supposed to be a national full service airline, it really feels behind. Several times during our vacation they would have delays or misrepresent them by having technical landings, only informing us days before our flight with no service or compensation of course. Cabins themselves are quite cold and uncomfortable, again not usually an issue for budget carriers but this is supposed to be a national airline. Two bright spots would be that the in flight staff really try their best and the routes from MNL to the United States are by far the cheapest available.
  My daughter and I were flying to London from Minneapolis, and had a long layover in Reykjavk. I wanted to see if there was an upgrade available for purchase so I went to the gate desk. The man behind the counter was doing paperwork looking down at his work. I walked up to the desk and stood there for over 5 minutes. He never acknowledged my presence. Finally, I said Good afternoon sir, I am wondering... He quickly cut me off and tapped his pen on a sign on their counter that says Rude customers will be removed. Really? I walked away completely disgusted. If there was anyone who was rude it was clearly him. The flight was cramped like sardines and there was little to no food  even for purchase for this long leg. I decided I would rather paddle a canoe across the Atlantic than fly with Icelandair again. Im tired of airlines acting like we owe them something. We are the customers and yet its a common theme with many airlines that we are treated like beggars and people who are trying to get something for nothing. I wish the FAA or some regulating agency would step in and make mandates so airlines will quit ripping off customers, cramming them into tiny spaces you cant get out of in an emergency, and treating us like criminals. Yes, there are rude customers  but most people are just trying to get from point A to point B with a paid ticket. No other industry in the world gets away with such treatment of their customers.
  At first I booked a ticket to a Vietnam Airlines flight 2 days before but I could not board the flight because I just had a surgery and the minimum time since the surgery was done did not meet the requirement for boarding a flight. Therefore, I changed the ticket to this flight. Pacific Airlines flight PIC6230, from Ho Chi Minh City to Qui Nhon. Boarded on September 1, 2022. Delayed for 20 minutes due to late arrival. Perhaps its common for Pacific Airlines because another flight on that day was also delayed for the same reason. Taxi time before takeoff 22 minutes. The aircraft still arrived on time even if the delayed time and long taxi time was dismissed. Inflight entertainment It was a disappointment because there is no inflight entertainment at all. No magazine, only a menu for food and beverage. Food and beverage There are still some choices for food and beverage as mentioned in the menu even on a short flight, although I have to pay cash to buy it. Seat comfort decent. I can change the angle of the chair so that I can relax and try not to hurt my shoulder because of the surgery. The landing at Phu Cat International Airport was hard, which was quite unexpectedly shocking. Overall, this was an unexpected flight because I couldnt board the Vietnam Airlines one 2 days prior, so I really cannot say whether I would recommend this airlines or not.
  Toronto to Phoenix. 855 a.m. departure on AC 1836. 90 Minute delay originally posted. Then we get on plane actually go through deicing and then we are told the lavatories dont work and we need maintenance. Back to the terminal. Then we are told we all have the right to deplane after ages on the tarmac. Final announcement is that we all need to deplane as the pilots have gone over time. We get off plane and are only told the plane will leave at 2 p.m. originally an 855 a.m. flight. We were told our tickets served as vouchers for food. This actually worked, but in the end we are delayed 6.5 hours headed to a long weekend getaway in Phoenix  lost a complete day at resort but resort still wants its daily fee. We are offered nothing else yet the Passengers Bill of Rights should allow some compensation for delays over 5 hours that are the fault of the airline.
  We booked our flight from Bangkok to Da Nang with a high Premium Flex surcharge. One reason was the included special checkin at an extra counter, because we didnt want to stand in a long line. However, there is no AirAsia Premium Checkin Counter at Danang Airport. A friendly employee explains to us that there has never been anything like this here. So, we got in line. AirAsia charges guests for a service with the clear knowledge, that they will not provide it. 
Taipei TSA  Tainan TNN in economy class on A321. I made the reservation for me and my 2 children by phone the day before. At the airport ground staff was efficient and polite but they all forgot their smile. After giving the reservation code we received without any problems our boarding tickets and I paid with my credit card. Our flight was delayed for 15 minutes due to late arrival of the aircraft. Although the flight was fully booked the boarding went smoothly. Before entering the plane one had a choice between several Taiwanese newspapers. Most of them were in Chinese but there were also a few copies of English written Taiwan news and Taipei times. The one class cabin was clean and bright and the seats were very comfortable. I was amazed by the amount of legroom. It was much more than I have experienced on several international flights. There was IFE useless for such a short flight 45 minutes. Commercials were shown all the way during the flight. The FA made the announcements in Mandarin 2 Taiwanese dialects and in English. Both the FAs and the captain had good English skills. There were 4 female FA young and polite but like the ground staff they didnt bring their smile to work. The inflight service was a disappointment. Although it was a very short flight I was at least expecting a snack especially since it was a late afternoon departure. All we got however was the choice between coffee and tea in a paper cup. When I took a picture of the cabin a FA knocked that this was not allowed. After announcing the approach into Tainan the crew didnt bother to check the seat belts or the position of the seats and table trays. In Tainan we were bussed to the terminal where after a few minutes our luggage arrived. Before leaving the terminal a ground staff of TransAsia checked whether the luggage identification tag matched so that no one could leave with the wrong suitcase.
  Chaotic boarding because of all hand luggage that clearly exceeded allowances. Overpriced, poor quality onboard food and drink €3.50 for cheap instant coffee. Nearly an hour before they deplaned and another hour for baggage. No real baggage drop, inadequate checkin desks at MLA and very slow. Seat change just to satisfy late check ins and put me in an exit row despite telling them I had medical conditions that should exclude me. They used the old late aircraft change  excuse. Air Malta have a common seating plan throughout the fleet, making seat changes unnecessary in the event of an aircraft change. Same baggage chaos coming back. All that lost revenue from hold baggage charges that could be levied! Ground staff and cabin crew need customer service training.
  Toronto to Beijing. This was the nicest airline. The food was great, seats were comfortable, the staff and crew were friendly and knowledgeable and the overall experience was pleasant.  I was extremely impressed. Hainan will definitively be my first choice airline when I fly to China.
  5pm flight was cancelled at 945pm. A JetBlue representative online said we would get hotel vouchers as the next available flight was 48 hours later. When we asked for compensation for our hotel, JetBlue stated it wasnt their responsibility since the delay was weather related. Very unprofessional and disappointing experience overall.
  Purchased flight tickets 5 weeks in advance with confirmed seats. Two days before flight seating assignment was changed. Have heard similar stories where seating was changed last minute from others traveling on JetBlue flights. This is a real problem for families traveling with children who need to sit together. Added stress my last 2 flights had issue with TV service. Problem with audio or not working at all. Tried to call JetBlue customer service 800 after landing. Twice spent 70 minutes on hold. Never actually able to speak with a service rep.
Dubai to Jeddah with Flynas. Seats are okay, and the staff is okay. We had a stroller  baby cart. When we got out of the plane, they didnt take out the stroller. It also did not come out with the rest of our luggage. We had to wait good 45 minutes for Flynas representative to get to his desk as he was on a 10 minute break? Finally, he informed us that the stroller is in the other terminal. There is no way for them to bring the stroller to us, so we had to go to the other terminal by a taxi and get the stroller ourselves. This cost us 2 hours and 100 Riyal extra as the taxi driver had to wait for an hour for us to finally find our stroller. Why couldnt they bring the stroller out when we were getting out of the plane or even send it through the luggage area. Would never recommend this airline.
QF1509 from Sydney to Hobart on their B717200. Flight departed on time and clear skies gave us a great view of Sydney and the scenery of Tasmania. I think there were only two cabin crew but service was fast and efficient. Plane was very clean and comfortable with good legroom. It was actually a better experience than the Qantas A380 flight from DFW.
We flew from Vientiane to Pakse. The flight left and arrived on time. The plane was cramped beyond belief. Only one carryon bag fitted overhead. The other sat between us because it would not fit under the seat either. First time that has ever happened. Service was ok but the whole cabin was incredibly small  and on a full flight which ours was  that meant uncomfortable. If I ever fly this airline again Ill check that I am not flying on an MA60.
  Brisbane to Auckland. Our flight was supposed to depart at 1pm. We sat on the plane until 230pm with absolutely no information or notification that the flight was delayed. Once they finally decided to announce the delay, we were told it would be another 2 hours minimum as the plane needed to be inspected. We were not allowed to get off the plane and no reimbursement was offered. So we are sitting in the plane 3 hours after scheduled departure time with 0 notice, reimbursement or options. Because the flight was delayed so long, by the time we arrived in Auckland it was too late to check into our accommodation, which was $198 wasted. When we brought this up to the staff they act like they have no idea how such a thing could happen. Do yourself a favor, pay the little extra and book another airline to avoid the holiday nightmare that 150 of us all experiences on this joke of an airline.
  Save yourself the frustration and headaches by steering clear of this dreadful airline. I made the mistake of purchasing a ticket from them, and it turned out to be a nightmarish experience that Ill never forget. From the moment I reached out to their customer service, it was evident that they lacked basic professionalism. The representatives were unhelpful and downright rude, leaving me feeling like an inconvenience rather than a valued customer. On the day of my flight, chaos awaited me at the airport. The checkin process was a mess, with long lines and confused staff who seemed clueless about what they were doing. It was a disheartening start to what would become an arduous journey. The condition of the aircraft was equally appalling. The seats were uncomfortable and wornout, the cabin was far from clean, and the overall atmosphere was just plain unpleasant. It was clear that they had little regard for maintaining their planes. To make matters worse, the inflight entertainment was practically nonexistent, and the limited options available were outdated and malfunctioning. The lack of effort in providing a basic amenity like this was simply disappointing. As if the discomfort and inconvenience werent enough, the food they served was a complete letdown. The tasteless and meager portions left me hungry and dissatisfied, making the already unbearable flight even worse.  Upon arrival, my fears were realized when I discovered that my luggage had been mishandled and damaged. Dealing with their customer service to resolve the issue was a nightmare in itself, as they displayed an astonishing lack of accountability and responsibility. In conclusion, my encounter with this airline was nothing short of a disaster. The unprofessional customer service, subpar amenities, discomfort, and complete disregard for passenger safety and belongings make this a company to avoid at all costs. There are plenty of reputable airlines out there that value their customers and strive to provide a pleasant and safe travel experience. Dont make the same mistake I did  look elsewhere for your next flight.
  Gatwick to Vilnius via Riga. Terrible customer service. We was denied our flight to Riga from Vilnius due to delay of their inbound flight from Gatwick. It was explained that we missed our last flight and should go to collect luggage and go to ticket office for travel rearrangement. Lady in reception told that air Baltic offer for us can offer only ground transportation to Vilnius airport. When one gentleman asked for flight next day it was told that there is no chances to stay overnight no available hotels in Riga that night and that all flights from Riga to Vilnius on next day are fully booked. Then after doubts how it can be that all flights and hotels are overbooked in Riga she told that probably the is 1 seat, then maybe 3 seats in morning flight, but hotel for sure she cannot book, and if we wish we can do it on our own money and then apply to refund of 70 EUR. When we started negotiate ground transfer, story continue very interesting way  it was told that cab cannot bring us to hotelhome address, only to drop off in Vilnius airport. After emotional complains why we need to go by cab to Vilnius airport and then back to city by taxi at 5AM , she firstly told that it is because our destination is Vilnius airport, and we will be delivered right here even if it is after 4 hour drive and no taxi in Vilnius airport at that time. Then after 5 min of emotional discussion she once again changed her mind and told that OK, we may take taxi in Vilnius airport and then to submit receipt to refund. When we told that this is stupid, that we need to cross all city and then go back, she told that ok ok you may ask transfer driver to drop off in your destinations only if this is on way to airport. No consent was given to sign for us, just she gave voucher to driver, and thats it. Now I have problem with insurance company.  I not even mention kindness words used like sorry for inconvenience, I will do my best or any provision of refreshments, etc. When we finally asked surname name was on card of receptionist she told that this info she is not obliged to provide.So, all long story short  airBaltic represented as its best Soviet heritage of customer service with Service provider always right and No, we cant attitude. If you want this experience, you may try to travel with this airline. For me enough is enough! I chose airBaltic to London via Riga instead direct flights VilniusLondon with WIZZ and Ryanair because I was expecting more intelligent and kind attitude, and paid for it extra 100 EUR per ticket. How naive I was!
  Jakarta to Banjarmasin. On time. Good service from ground staff until boarding. Flight attendant also OK. Its low cost carrier in Indonesia. They give free baggage 20 kg. Free magazine read onboard only, or download in internet. Online check in. Maybe they can upgrade their website like AirAsia which can to manage booking with add on.
 Ryanair cabin crew makes me worried as a passenger, they seem to be under enormous pressure, anxious, worried, sometimes with unnecessarily alarmed speech, other times with too slow or prostrate diction. The company tries to save on everything even when the passenger asks for a simple receipt for the service provided. The Irish authorities need to be brought to the attention of the EU to comply with consumer rights, particularly in terms of taxation. While Ryanair is largely responsible for stimulating the local economy, the social, tax and environmental cost is also very high. I will continue to complain to the Portuguese Tax Authority for this company to fulfil its obligations, not least because it is very keen to take advantage of national financial funds when available. Boarding on time, unfriendly crew and dirty planes.
 I was on the phone 3 times trying to change my flight and was hung up on each time when I asked them to repeat what they said cause I couldnt hearunderstand exactly what they were asking for. Each time I call no one apologizes for me being hung up on and now Im stuck across the United States because every airline is $1400 to fly back to Richmond for two people. Very unprofessional and not helpful at all. If you have an issue might as well keep it to yourself because they wont help you for shit.
We were a family of 6 adults and one toddler we bought tickets that included a 7 economy tickets, and paid for an upgrade to include b an upgrade to allow me to choose my seats ahead of time, c a meal plan for each passenger and d checked luggage. Well the upgrades to the reservation we did not receive. Because I chose an a la carte airline, I was encouraged to pay the added fee to preselect my seats. As a large party, traveling with a toddler, I added the upgrade to the reservation and added the meal plan for all seven tickets. Weeks before the trip, I logged into the website, confirmed our seats, added our trusted travel documents and selected our mealsbeverages for the flight. When checkin opened 24hrs before takeoff, our seats were different than what had been selected leaving the toddler to be seated on his own. We called the airlines Level and Iberia and were informed that there had been a system issue and while the seats appeared to be different online, they were in reality as we had booked . When we approached the counter at JFK, the attendants informed us that the seats we had booked were no longer availablehad been reserved for other passengers and we would not be able to occupy our reserved seats  despite providing supporting documentation with the details of our original reservation and the letter from corporate confirming them. Once on board, we did not receive the items included in our meal plan. Some passengers did not receive their food, some did not receive their beverages. One passenger received all of his items at the end of the flight. When we asked the crew for our items, we were told we had not prepaid or that they would have to look into it. These events were not isolated to one leg of the trip, it repeated itself on our return trip  though this time they blamed a plane change for the issues. Again, we were told at the counter that we would not be able to occupy our seats, b we had not prepaid, c nothing could be done and d we did not receive our meals. The aforementioned events cannot even be blamed on a language barrier as I am native Spanish speaker.
 Absolutely unpleasant and the worst flight Ive ever had. They delayed flight and caused me to miss the connecting trip, which I also booked from Lufthansa bus express. In addition, I lost my baggage because of it and nobody at the customer service point could help out. Person A from Lufthansa would say a completely different thing to person B, and so on I talked to a number of Lufthansa employees, and each of them said different things. I had to get my connecting bus ticket three times they made me miss my bus three times because of my lost luggage. The worst was when I was approaching one of the employees and with a very unfriendly tone, she said Nobody can help you now. Come back tomorrow morning. I was roaming around the airport at midnight for hours asking them and thats what they told me. They even do not give me any compensation during the lost baggage period. Extremely disappointing.
 Avelo is new to Wilmington DE. Avelo did an awesome job with leaving and getting there on time both ways. Sent out text for checking in. Checking in a checked bag went well with no issues. Paid for a carry on for meds, swim suitchange of clothes. Also took a small back pack for the Ipad, book, snacks that fit under the seat. No snacks offered, but a small bottle of water if you ask for it. Lead flight attendant did an awesome job getting a few people in line who kept getting up when the seat belt sign was on. I would use them again. Both ways they had a new flight attendant and they were very nice working with her to get her qualified. Now the Wilmington Airport is a different story. It is a small airport where you get onoff on the tarmac which is no big deal. On the return flight home, there was another Avelo plane a that just landed. When you walked into the area to get you baggage, it was jammed pack with people. 2 door slide up and bags where placed through the opening with everyone trying to see their bag. 2 planes worth of people. What a mess. It took 45 minutes by the time we were off the plane until we got our luggage. At one point they were loading stuff from one cart to another. It would of been easier if they did not have 2 planes unloading at the same time Yes we would fly with them again. Just have to have patience at Wilmington, DE airport.
BNEBDGBNE on Dash 8 and Q400 aircraft. Good service and always surprisingly good quality wine. Outbound flight on time but a major 3 hour delay to the return flight. Flight crew did their best but as is becoming increasingly common these days it was fellow passengers who caused the biggest upset. Credit to QantasLink for handling the situation very well.
  Cape Town to Johannesburg, Our flight was operated by Comair, therefore this needs to be taken into consideration regarding the following review. After 2 hours of delayed takeoff standing at the gate, the clerk tells me my seat had been changed. Usually one couldnt do much I guess, but this time I specifically paid for a seat in the front section in order to leave early upon landing. Everyone was stressed an I didnt want to fuss too much around, so they gave me a number to call later to get my refund. Great they give me the job to arrange my refund. The next day I call, they tell me a story, I have to write an email etc.. Its a typical situation where the customer gets pushed around, wasting time to get his rightful refund for a service not provided. I thought instead of writing them an email, with all the details, I thought it would be better to go public about this and warn against their paid seat service.
Over the last 2 weeks in Vietnam we have had 5 domestic flights with Jetstar and all of them have been delayed by 35 hours. Jetstar dont send updates the staff couldnt care less and as a result you are left spending hours in the uncomfortable departure lounge that has very limited food options and not enough seats. We have wasted 2 days of our precious holiday because of this airlines incompetence. This is particularly frustrating when you have young kids. One of our flights was delayed from the reasonable departure time of 4pm to 8.55pm! Their nickname in Vietnam is Delay Star. Wish we had booked Vietnam Airlines instead. Do yourself a favour even if Jetstar is cheaper dont use them. You will be very disappointed. Do not book connecting flights as you will not make the connection.
 I flew 4 sectors as Hong Kong  Delhi  Dubai  Mumbai  Hong Kong with Jet Airways, in economy for the first 2 sectors and in business for the last 2 sectors. After completing the trip, the impression is that there is tremendous gap between business and economy class for this airline especially for the software side. While economy class service is something like that of LCCs and the inflight maintenance of the lavatory is unacceptable, business class service is near excellent with pretty good care by the attendants and continuous check and cleaning of lavatory, besides dated and a bit of dirty hardware around seats. 
  La Paz to Rurrenabaque return with Amaszonas. Both flights got canceled. In the first plane were 15 Passengers in a plane for nearly 50 so we think they just wanted to put all the people in one plane and canceled all the other flights. That was the first day we lost in our Trip. No sorry or any kind of excuse. Flight back got canceled as well, had to stay another night in Rurrenabaque. Weather wasnt really bad. They told us to come to the Office at 7, they drive us to the airport 10 Minutes, departure at 9. When we got there they told us we should take a Taxi on our own. It would still be enough time if well be at the airport at 8. So why did you let us wake up and miss breakfast? I wouldnt book Amaszonas again! Dont be surprised if they cancel your flight. Plan more time for it or just take the Bus!
  We bought souvenirs 2 ebon giraffes that we planned to transport as carryon luggage, like we did many times before on our trips to Africa. We realise the items were slightly taller than carryon limitations, but this was never a problem with other airlines in the past and other passengers had similar size souvenirs on board. At the check in counter, we were told that it is not possible to take the souvenirs on board and that we need to check them in. We told the employee that the items are very fragile and very expensive, he told us that the airline has separate containers for fragile items and that the souvenirs will not be damaged. We reluctantly agreed as we were not presented with any other options. On our arrival to Milan, we could immediately see that the package was handled with extreme negligence! The package was ripped od several places and it was obvious that the items inside were broken on multiple places. Now, they do not plan to make any effort to resolve the issue, even though the damage occurred solely because we followed their employee demands and assurances against our wishes. 
  Kota Kinabalu to Hong Kong in December 2017. A320200 was refurbished with new seat is configured into 2 class cabin. Boarding process was smooth.  I was welcomed by cabin crew as I boarded. The flight departed on time. Lunch was served soon after take off, a hot meal and cold beverages. In my opinion, the inflight catering can be further enhanced as the meal portion has been reduced in the past 2 years. To conclude, the flight was a memorable and pleasant one. 
  Okinawa to Vancouver via Tokyo. It was an amazing experience! We had to leave Okinawa because of a nearby hurricane. And our flight got delayed by an hour and we landed in Tokyo at 925pm and our next flight to Vancouver took off at 925pm. They had everything planned for our arrival and escorted us to our new flight in a rush and it was so well done. We got through one the worlds biggest airports in 25 mins and they paid for our taxi between terminals and rushed us through security and immigration, and they were keeping us updated the entire time. Got to our flight and safety took off. It was the best travel experience of my life.
  Boarding started with a delay of 50 minutes because the plane did arrive late however this was less as the delay for boarding. Rather old plane, 2 2 2 configuration in business class, after a welcome drink a not so great breakfast was served in 2 services. FAS were friendly after the meal the cabin was darkened despite this was a flight that  with the delay left at 9.30 am  nearly the entire flight with dimmed lights. No second service for drinks, several connecting flights were announced, others not. I will not chose that company again.
  On 10 August 2022 we purchased refundable return airline tickets with Aerolineas Argentinas from Cordoba to Ushuaia the port of embarkation for a December Antarctic cruise, returning Ushuaia to El Calafate. Two weeks later the expedition company cancelled our cruise citing ship delays. We immediately cancelled our AA flight reservations. The airline confirmed a refund was due under the fare conditions and would be paid within 120 days in December 2022. After hours of followup effort and numerous late night communications via Messenger and Translation apps with service agents in South America and their service centre in Florida USA, no refund has been paid after 5 months. How can this airline sell, and charge extra for flexiblerefundable tickets if they have no intention of honoring their fare conditions?
  Bagan to Heho. Very short flight again another ATR aircraft, as a nervous passenger I was not looking forward to the flight but it was great. Seating was 22, no seat numbers given as only a few passengers on this flight. No Inflight snack but coffee or cold drinks were supplied. All in all a good flight and would travel again.
  London to Islamabad via Kuwait. Well, probably the worst airline ever. Check in staff allocating us 12 of us seats to every single corner of the plane, my wife was lucky to have a seat with our little ones. Secondly, due to delay, we were rushed to our seats and hand baggage was placed everywhere. Food was excellent but our entertainment screens turned off mid air along with the assistance button, system failure or something. On top of all that, they lost our one piece of luggage on the way to Pakistan and as well as coming back. If this is the last plane to catch i will not catch it. Definitely avoid Kuwait as well, rude behaviour of airport staff and one star airport service.
  From Dublin the flight was very good, the crew since the checkin was kind and friendly. I could not make my checkin on line, and they were very helpful. However, in Keflavik the staff checking passports asked in very rude way that I must pay for my hand bag. I was very surprised because no one in Dublin asked me for it. How after one flight I should pay for that. Never happened to me even in Ryanair. It was shame, he was very rude. 22nd Dec Dublin  Iceland  New York
SOUNCL return. More expensive than Flybe but much better product. My concern is only 6 pax up 9 back on Jetstream 41might have been slack day but these load factors cannot be profitable. Hope they continue as all routes been competition.
 Manila to Vancouver via Hong Kong, the first leg from Manila was Philippine Airlines. Our layover was only 2 hrs but we had to line up for an hour in HKG to get our connecting boarding passes. Prior to the flight I had checked in online already and saved the bar codes in my phone, however according to the staff, these were not allowed and printed copies were required. They should have at least noted that online. During boarding they did not prioritize families with children. Inflight entertainment is limited to movies and music. Inflight food is not nourishing for me. The cabin crew are very accommodating and helpful. Flight was punctual as expected.
 The aircraft had electrical, engine problems while we were on board so it was delayed over 3 hours from the original flight time. It was a total nightmare! The seats was so cramped, no leg room, very old aircraft that makes a squeaky noise every time someone makes small movements in their seats. It was full when we are still in this covid situation. Terrible experience! I will never ever use this airline again.
  The worst airline experience. Im currently writing this review at Mexico City airport due to this incompetent company. We arrived well in advance for our connecting flight and then received an email 1 hour before our flight stating the flight would be boarding an hour later than originally scheduled. We get to our gate 50 minutes before our new boarding time and the flight took off as originally scheduled, unlike the email we received. When we spoke to staff about getting a new flight the guy was rude and offensive, basically blaming us for missing the flight and suggested that we dont drink before flights next time. We did not miss our flight due to the one beer we had, we missed the flight because this airline is unorganized and has no decency or any sense of customer service. 
  Montreal to Medellin via Cancun. Ive booked a flight to Medellin  with Interjet and they decided to cancel my flight for no reason without advising me. I asked for a full refund which they said would be processed and it has been almost two months and still nothing. Theyve been giving me the run around this whole time plus they dont hold themself accountable for their actions.They are the most incompetent and unprofessional company Ive ever known. Im still fighting to have my refund.
My LH flight VKOFRA continuing to VIE was cancelled and so I was rebooked on Transaero on a direct flight to VIE. Had low expectations but was totally caught by surprise when I entered the pretty new 737800 Their Cclass is a real Cclass with 22 seat configuration perfect seat pitch lunch menu and utmost pleasant and friendly service. I took Japanese rolls as a starter and a grilled seabass as main course. Food looked appealing and tasted delicious. Entertainment was low but on a 3 hours flight not an issue  at least not for me. Will be definitely an option for future flights to Moscow and beyond.
  After a delay of over an hour to leave Melbourne, we finally took off. The delay was due to a problem with a seat barrier in business class, but there were already 2 chairs not working in premium economy. We made up the time in the air but it was still frustrating to get to the airport on time only for a delay like this  surely the seats are regularly serviced? The flight crew were pleasant. The meals were average. No strong flavours, good if you like bland food. The worst part was the cleanliness of the seat see photo of vestibule next to seat. You dont want to sit down for a 16 hour flight, and find that the seat hasnt been cleaned from the last flight. I think the cleaning crew might not be plugging in their vacuum cleaners when cleaning. The premium economy seat was comfortable otherwise, but how comfortable can you be in someone elses food scraps? However, a very expensive fare  dont quite see the value. Cleanliness is a big thing these days get with the program qantas.
  Vienna to Sofia. The flight was delayed by 2 hours. The cabin crew was annoyed that they had to offer drinks to the passengers and passing by announced they would only give one drink per customer. And coffee was a nuisance and they made it clear, even though it was on their cart. The questions would normally go would you drink anything? and not what would you like to drink?. Very bad customer service.
Return trip from Guernsey to London Stansted. Check In staff helpful and polite free 20kgs baggage allowance and on time departure. Cabin staff excellent. ATR aircraft even the 2 new ones are small and quite loud but okay for a 1 hour flight time. Free drinks and newspaper on board is a lovely touch.
  I purchased a ticket to fly WashingtonNairobi return in business class via Toronto, Frankfurt and Zurich late Juneearly July 2023. All flights but the first were code shares on other reputable carriers, Lufthansa, Swiss and United. Ive had excellent experiences with Air Canada in the past and really looked forward to this family trip. Just before departure, Air Canada cancelled its flight from Washington because of staff shortages. I called Air Canada and, secured a satisfactory booking via Montreal. That was almost immediately cancelled, leaving me trying to call Air Canada support till around 4am. After multiple calls and hours on hold, I was booked on a United flight to Toronto connecting with Lufthansa on to Nairobi. When I arrived at Washington Dulles, United reported that AC had only made a booking, but had not reissued my ticket as required AC staff at the airport said they were only ramp agents, they couldnt sort out the problem. I had to call Air Canada customer support. Eventually, they called AC support, waited 45 minutes on hold, and then had the needed ticket issued. I thought, foolishly, that my problems were over. Alas, AC had only reissued an outbound ticket from Toronto to Nairobi, without replacing the original round trip ticket. When I arrived in Nairobi, my return flight had disappeared from the Lufthansa system on the grounds that I was a noshow for the outbound flight, leaving me stranded in Nairobi. After an entire night and half a day trying to reach Air Canada support, AC staff finally agreed to restore my return ticket. Reaching AC took about an hour and a half on hold on each occasion, and AC dropped most of these calls after a few minutes. Only on arrival at Nairobi airport did I realize that AC had bungled my return ticket, having me depart Frankfurt for Zurich before I arrived in Zurich. Fortunately, the Lufthansa staff in Nairobi were able to sort this out on departure. I understand hat its tough running an airline right now, resurgent demand, staff and plane shortages, forest fires etc. But the AC system demands that clients call their agents way more than should be necessary. And, at the moment, ACs customer support lines are totally overwhelmed. Having to spend whole nights trying to get through to Air Canada support to deal with repeated errors made by Air Canada staff is totally unacceptable. 
  Pleasant flight although it was an older aircraft and the trip was a little bit bumpy. Takeoff was on time with no issues at all. Food was nothing special but it was okay for breakfast. Cabin Crew were attentive.
SINSEZSIN avoid Air Seychelles! After paying for my flight they sent an email without a subject even to inform me that theyve completely changed their flight schedule by two days. This would make me miss my international connection back home to the US from Singapore. Now they refuse to refund my credit card and are offering me a bank transfer! And to top it off theres no form of compensation or assistance in any way. They have just left me high and dry.
Non stop from LGW to POS on one of the ex LAN 767s. The flight was full but check in and then the boarding process felt orderly. Service onboard was friendly and efficient. There were PTVs but I spent most of the flight reading. The food was great much nicer than BA. The captain kept us updated throughout. Overall I enjoyed it and particularly appreciated that it was a proper non stop flight. Having been a regular user of the old BW Tristar service from LHR this felt like like a return to form for CAL. Hope they keep it up.
 This was my return trip back to the US after 3 weeks in Indonesia and Malaysia. The seat was very comfortable though I did not make use of the sleeping position as it was a day flight and I was not tired. The meal service was impeccable with various options for selection. I selected the filet mignon and it was superb. The service was exceptional and the flight attendant addressed me by name. She was very pleasant and friendly though sometimes I had a little hard time understanding her English. We managed and everything went well. Certainly this would be an awesome seat to fly the 15hour trip. I was very impressed and more so very grateful for the upgrade. That was such a pleasant surprise. I will soon be returning to Indonesia in a few months and there is no other way to fly there for me but EVA Air.
  Kolkata to Pune. I purchased 17kgs extra for Rs 6800 and apart from that I went through humiliation at the airport because again I had to pay Rs 2500 for an extra bag. These people dont get that if a customer is purchasing 17kgs extra thats but obvious that heshe will keep that in an extra bag. Worst experience. Very rude airport staff. Rather than explaining the staff started arguing that you have to pay otherwise we will not get you on board.
  We had to emergency land due to a fuel leak on the right wing. This was detected before the flight and fixed and made us fly the same aircraft. After 15 mins we had to emergency land. 
 Brussels to Madrid. The experience was of such a kind that next time I will take another airline  the difference in fare between economy and business is substantial so I think passengers are entitled to receive something decent for the amount paid. The breakfast did consist of 2 wrapped packages of 25 g of some cold cuts, one croissant and one small yoghurt  no sign of fruit, jam, butter or decent bread  when asking a second cola zero with ice I got a look if I was asking for a bottle of champagne. Disastrous for business in full  very unfriendly FA  flight took some delay only positive fact was that the gates for connecting flights were announced.
  Shanghai to New York. Where to start with this airline. If I could rate a 0 or even negative I would. From the customer service at the check in desk to the actual flight. This is hands down the worst airline Ive ever flown with. Not once did I feel safe on any of the 3 flights I took with them. The food is terrible, the service is ghastly, the temperature is freezing, the inflight entertainment is boring, and the seats are tiny and Im 5 foot. If you lose something on these flights, trust me youve lost it for life. Even their customer service is after the fact is horrible. Trust me when I say avoid at all costs.
  Never again interjet. I will never book with you again nor fly with interjet airlines. After suffering 2 agonizing hours stuck on flight 2383 from Cancun to Mexico D.F. with screaming kids, babies because they could not start the airplane. No air conditioning on board, airline stewardesses did nothing to help the elderly, pregnant woman nor anyone.even offer water. The passengers had to get out of there seats to get there own water. After about an hour or so they decided to open the emergency doors because they would not allow anyone to get off.  Then on flight they charged for all the snack and beverages. Once arrived at D.F. and missed our connecting flight to LAX. We waited another 2 hours with no explanations and no luggage. We came across 2 supervisor with no customer service or care for the passengers. They did accommodate hotel nor food for all the passengers that missed the flight. Next flight 5am the following day. No comp for plain tickets, no comp for Hotel, they could care less about all those passengers they told us to sleep where ever we could in the airport. Then they gave every person 145 pesos for dinner and breakfast. Then to restaurants that where already closed. 
  I have not been able to travel to Japan to go Snowboarding for the past 3years so you can imagine my excitement to get back there finally again. I had packed all my gear into my snowboard bag Snowboard, Boots, Bindings, Jacket, Pants, clothes and other gear. When I arrive in Osaka to where I was to collect my bag for a transfer flight my bag did not turn up. I enquired there with JAL as to the where and they said it had not arrived and filled out a report. Very disappointing to finally arrive for a week of Snowboarding without any of your own gear. Eventually the bag was found left In Kuala Lumpur and was sent to me 5 days later after it was lost. When I finally received the bag I noticed various damages to the bag. Japan Airlines were helpful in communicating with me however I am still yet to have any communication, Apologies or compensation from Malaysia Airlines. Very disappointing and poor service.
 Cancelled the ticket 45 days ago. I have been talking to customer service since my cancellation date they confirmed it from the very first day. Now when I call they tell me that they had a technical glitch and I have to wait another 45 days for it to be processed. They will not send any confirmation email. The representative was sarcastic and said he cannot help. When I explained to them and asked why the other 10 representatives before them spoke differently and promised it would be refunded. Very shady. Never ever book with Etihad airways. We booked a choice plus flight ticket as our trip plan was volatile. Even after paying extra money for a flexible ticket the worst experience. Please do not book with them if you want to make changes for your ticket. Very shady airline  I cannot stress enough. I have recorded voice calls and saved chat conversations which I can submit to prove my point. You can check the confirmation they sent in the endorsement part of the ticket.
Flew Jetstar Pacific from Hanoi to Ho Chi Minh. Got an email a week prior to flight saying that it had been rescheduled to half an hour earlier than the original time. Check in was easy, plane took off a little late pretty much the original booked time and the staff were friendly. Reminded me of easyJet in the UK, no problems and cheap. Also got assigned the extra leg room seats  probably because all 4 of us were tall  and we didnt even have to ask.
I flew with Shaheen Air during Ramadan on international route. Flight was comfortable and female crew was friendly. Before iftar they served dates and juices and served dinner which was good biryani, raita and cake also orange candy was nice touch. There was a bad smell in the aircraft. Hopefully next time they will use spray inside the aircraft for bad smell. 
  New York JFK to Kevlavik. WOW Air is the worst airline someone could fly. Unfortunately the ticket price looked so attractive that we booked the flight. When we checked in, we had to pay an additional $180 dollars for two carry ones and a checked bag. This is more than we have paid for the ticket. Im beyond frustrated and will make sure to never ever fly with Wow Air.
Heathrow from Mahe  12.5 hours of hell. We had a seat that you could not tilt and I had a very sharp part of the planes interior sticking in my leg. I asked the stewardess if she could do something  she looked at me as if I had asked her to jump out of the plane and then gave me a cushion to put between me and the broken plug cover. So we had to sit bolt upright in these terrible seats with me having to try not to move or the cushion would fall down.. I have to say I was in tears in the end. I did notice there was another lady in the opposite seats to us and she was in a very distressed was too. Wrote to Air Seychelles hoping for an apology and an explanation as to why they let anyone travel in these most terrible seats. I have not heard a word. Very upset. Next time we will go with another airline and I will have no second thoughts about telling any of my friends to do the same.
Booked this flight as it was a convenient schedule allowing flying from the lovely small airport of Antwerp to Barcelona. This airline operates several leisure and business destinations nowadays from Antwerp so I gave it a try. Check in a breeze, friendly staff, very limited airport facilities though. You can save substantial time when flying out of ANR Taxi from city center just around 12 E, I booked an onboard standard meal at 9 E and that included a soft drink and coffee. The meal was a salad and a cakebread roll. Not that appealing, however anything bought from the onboard menu would worked out at the same price. Staff onboard friendly, seating cramped, except on row 1. 3 attendants for 112 passengers. I was able to book a reasonable priced one way ticket, and all fares include 15 kg checked baggage. Would book again.
  Direct flight 19062022 from Rome to Hamburg was canceled 7 hours before departure. No hotel, no food, no transfer offer  voucher of information from Eurowings.  Call center dont answer. No Eurowings staff at the FCO airport. You have to find out everything by yourself. Had to find a hotel for my own money. But what if you dont have money for hotel? Or food? Got only email with alternative flight 20062022 evening from FCO to FRA and from FRA to HAJ which is not my final destination at all. From Hannover HAJ I have to somehow get to Hamburg HAM 21062022 at night by my own. No transfer offer or any information. And two missed work days. The worst service and air company I know.  And compensation I can claim online is only 250eur? One hotel night and dinner in Rome costs more. 
  Amsterdam to Malta. Had relatively low expectations but the airline delivered for me. My flight was only 30 mins late. Seats were very close together, provided snack was nasty, but the price for my flights was very cheap. I got what I paid for. Would use again, especially if the price was right again.
  Los Angeles to San Francisco was due to depart at 1945 from LAX. The incoming flight from Dallas was delayed arriving at 1910. However we could not board until 2010 as the crew from another flight has yet to arrive. They only arrive at 2010 and we finally boarded between from 2015  with a final departure time of 2045. Luckily my connecting flight was at 0100. The crew was obviously very exhausted. This combination with frustrated passengers who had to wait is not ideal. I have flown Virgin Australia and Virgin Atlantic and have to say that Virgin America lacked the level of customer service I am used to. Again it was nothing major but the crew looks tired and wanted to get the job done quickly.
  Totally unreliable and unprofessional service from Airnorth. Initial booking was rescheduled three times. Meaning I had to change hire car booking and appointments twice, the third charge I had to cancel as there was no time to organise accommodation. Rescheduled flight for the 9th of September. Plane has been delayed with no expected eta, no updates to passengers. As to why this has occurred. For a return flight time of two hours it has cost $1200, for this price we should get a decent meal on the plane. But $1200 we will a small packet of chips and a bottle of water. If only we had competition in the Northern Territory.
  My flight with Sriwijaya Air is a connecting flight from Pontianak to Solo via Jakarta. The first flight was being delayed for 1,5 hours. The second flight is better than the first one. The flight attendant is turning on reading lamp for the passenger who is still reading when the plane is preparing to take off before the planes light is being dimmed. Its a professional attitude from the flight attendant.
TXL via LED to Tashkent and back from Astana via LED to TXL. Flight from TXL to LED in an Antonow was great. Flight back from Astana to LED on an Airbus 319 was horror for 4 hours. Even me as a short person could not stretch out my legs. The transfer at LED was a bit unusual. We had to change terminal our luggage could not checked through from TXL to Tashkent. We had to pick it up in St Petersburg. Because nobody spoke English and my Russian is very limited it was difficult to clear the matter with the luggage for the next flight LED  Tashkent. In the end it worked fine with some unusual handling.
  We booked 4 flights from Vienna to Seychelles and back. Every flight had issues. 1st flight delayed for 3 hours without any explanation given to passengers. I was not able to checkin online with economy seat as none were available anymore despite fact I logged in at the precise time checkin opened. Had to pay 160euro for economy space and the seat did not recline  was broken. But to my surprise I also noticed free economy seats during flight. Wasted money. 2nd flight was a night flight and crew was waking up all passengers to serve food, there should be a better way to do it. On Way back we could not start checkin bags at airport as their system failed. Main flight back from Abu Dhabi to Vienna did not serve alcohol. why? We arrived 15 minutes ahead of schedule only to be left 45 minutes without any ventilation in the plane, as crew did not agree a car to drive the passengers to airport. In general, I cannot understand why a premium airline does not want to dock the plane to the airport but wants their passengers to board disembark from cars in 40 degrees. Flight crew did not impress me with service.
  Flew Eastern Airways from Newcastle to Aberdeen. I was most impressed by the service on this flight  a complimentary drink  snack was a very nice gesture. The flight was very smooth even though there was bad weather in Aberdeen! The air stewardess was very polite  professional  could not do enough for her customers. I would recommend this airline and use it again if the need arose.
We just had the most miserable experience with Air Caraibes and will never fly them again. On the trip from St. Maarten to Gaudeloupe via St. Barths they flew is to St. Barths then upon arrival we were told we had to return to St. Martin Grande Case and fly to Guadeloupe. No instructions as to how to make the transfer. On our flight from Guadeloupe to St. Barths we were flown first to St. Maarten again with no indication that we were not going directly to St. Barths until we boarded the plane. Then waited 3 hours in St. Maarten with no advice from the gate agents who would not even answer questions before being rushed onto a WinAir flight to St. Barths with 10 minutes notice.
 Johannesburg to Gaborone. There is a noticeable difference with this airline, more attention is given to safety and communicating to clients. Very efficient, the aircraft was stunning and we arrived early. Overall the team seemed more professional and experienced.
  Best part was the leg space between seats, planes were new  clean. Airline ground staff at Lahore airport was very courteous  professional, went out of the way to accommodate family with kids. Air hostesses were smiling  helpful. Food  quality was up  to the mark, served hot. Journey was pleasant.
  Sharing my horrible customer experience trying first time to book on SCOOT for a VTL flight BerlinSingapore for my family 2 adults  2 kids. During the booking process I was offered the possibility to redeem my KrisFlyer miles to pay part of the fare and I chose this option. Unluckily for me, the payment part went through but KrisFlyer miles redemption part failed due tech issue. After many emails and calls to customer service promising the resolution by end of the day each day, 5 days later and 4 days before the flight I still have an unconfirmed ticket with no assurance that either I will be issued the ticket and miles deducted nonrefundable! or that the ticket will not be issued and I need to book alternative flights for my family to return to Singapore. Needless to say that during COVID times when approvals, PCR tests etc need to be planned well in advance, this adds additional pressure and stress to already difficult situation.
 Openskies service from Paris ORY to New York JFK seems to be falling apart. Its run with ancient 757s which, at least in the cabin, seem well past retirement age. The biz seats are tattered, incredibly cramped, without any storage space so that its essentially impossible to get any work done. They are rock hard, with strange lumbar support, which might work for a night flights sleep but left me with a painfully stiff neck after reading through the day flight. IFE is on an old, ratty iPad which barely functioned  both sound and picture faded in and out at times. The food and wine were fine and the flight attendants service courteous however, after lunch service, they disappeared. Two positive notes the lounge at ORY, was comfortable and decently catered, and the service ran on time. I flew on air miles but if I had paid for the flight I would have been very disappointed with myself for not having opted for AF. BA should either scratch this run or bring it up to basic standards.
  New York to Rome via Dusseldorf. We understand travel issues but AirBerlin was most disturbing and we still have not gotten through to any representative over 30 days later. Air Berlin has no customer service line for current customers only a ticket booking line. And the representatives there will quickly and rudely tell you they cannot help you at all. This company has made itself inaccessible to its customers. We could only get bits of information through their affliate airline Alitalia. Basically though Alitaila said that it was AirBerlin we needed to get to to find baggage that had been lost with no trace for 4days but then their is no way to reach Air Berlin  just email to date we have and continue to send 40 emails with no more than the automated reply that the message was received in return. There were multiple other details and issues being told kmisinformation and waiting at airports only to find out the baggage was in fact still lost. But the biggest issue is Air Berlins failure to respond to any messages or any emailswe have looked and tried multiple emails with no response.
  Frankfurt to Prague. Check in staff at the airport was extremely rude, shouting, talking over, having conversations, passing staff while holding my Id in her hand. There are no standards.
  Warsaw to Almaty via Riga. I was cheated by the airline. Because of the coronavirus, all flights got canceled as borders remain closed and yet, the airline refused to give me a refund even if I asked them a few times to do so. Never again!
 Most pathetic airline, totally negligent attitude, inordinate delays, useless staff and careless attitude towards customers. Not worth traveling and have no system of handling.
  I booked 2 business class tickets for myself and my 2 year old daughter. A few weeks before my flight, I called Air France to check on the seating and meal arrangements for my daughter to ensure everything is confirmed. The 2nd time I called Air France was the day before my flight to make sure again if the seating and meals were confirmed. Both occasions, I was given the assurance that my daughters child meal was confirmed and for seating, it is a priority she is in the appropriate seat next to me. During the flight, the attendant came to me and said the child meal was not booked when I did it 2 times. The 2nd issue is my seat was faulty.  I only realized when I was extending the seat, that it jammed and couldnt become a bed. I got off to check and saw my daughters foot was stuck in this big gap as you see in the picture, by the metal piece stretching across the seat. This piece was visible and the cushion was falling off. I called the attendant and she quickly informed the chief steward who came and pulled the cushion away to seal it back to cover the metal piece.  Throughout the flight, the cushion kept sliding and I had to get off the seat to refit the cushion. Before landing, I couldnt fully recline the seat back to original position because of this big issue. The attendant had to put in a lot of strength to ensure the cushions fit correctly while reclining the seat. Finally it went back to original position but the belt was stuck and I couldnt pull it to secure myself for the landing. I had to sit on my daughters seat with her on my lap for the landing. I filed a complaint to Air France, I wanted to cancel my return flight to book on another airline. This is what they responded. Thank you for your remarks concerning the special child meal you booked and your seat on your flight from Marseille to Singapore on July 10. Our staff reported that you were unhappy with your seat and inspected the seat. They found no defect or fault with the seat, for which reason I cannot issue any compensation in this case. There are no reports on our system indicating that the special child meal was not delivered. For this reason, I cannot respond favorably to your request. We look forward to serving your travel needs again in the near future and to welcoming you aboard another of our flights. 
 Check in was easy, both flights were on time and luggage arrived without incident. That was the best of it. Every announcement was screamed at us in multiple languages. They woke the whole plane up with 2.5hrs to go scheduled landing at 0330hrs so they could serve breakfast to about three passengers. You cant bring water on board, and you pay for it on the plane. The passengers were generally pushy and rude. KLIA is a filthy dump and we will avoid flying Air Asia again to ensure we dont have to transit there in future.
  Tokyo to Seoul. Terrible customer service, not worth the cheap price. Next time, Id rather pay extra money to fly with a reliable airline that offers better service and quality.
 Tenerife Sur to Asturias. Punctual both on the outbound flight and on the return flight. Comfortable seats good distance between rows. Friendly checkin staff and flight attendants attentive to the needs of passengers. Very satisfied overall. We will repeat the flight with this company.
MontevideoAeroparqueAsuncin. I have to say that there is an improvement in the service. Still there are delays and poor customer service on the ground. But on board there are new and comfortable planes and nice and attentive FA. Connecting in Aeroparque Buenos Aires city airport is always fast and easy. First leg delayed connection on time. Bags arrived at my destination with me.
I recently started using TAAG more regularly especially flying to South Africa the aircrafts are fresh clean and new the staff friendly and professional. The airlines services are excellent from online booking to early checkins in Luanda. There are still areas with room for improvement such as the inflight entertainment choice and catering presentation on Business class. These two issues tackled TAAG will be providing a world class service that can compete with the best in the African continent and globally.
  Impressed with the service from the staff from ground to in flight. There is 20 kg baggage allowance with no extra charge. Light snack served is delicious. 
Took two flights with this outfit a return TASALATAS. The outbound flight went well booked it online via Opodo and was given an Eticket. The aircraft was a Boeing 757. The return was a different matter and it all went wrong from here! I was not able to get the return flight I wanted but was advised to go to the airport in Almaty before the flight as they usually hold a couple of seats for every plane. My girlfriend is Russian and spoke to the staff on our behalf. We were informed that we could have two seats  but we would have to pay a bribe on top on the standard seat charges! I took exception at first but then worked out that it would be cheaper than paying an additional day for accommodation. However it then transpired that the staff were infact refusing seats to another couple telling them that checkin had closed for them when in reality there was 30 minutes left for checkin. Clearly they were being denied boarding so that the airline staff could collect my bribe! I felt terrible but did not have to cancel my deal with the staff as the couple being denied boarding work out that they would need to bribe the staff too! They did so and where allowed to proceed to checkin my girlfriend was then told the seats were not available afterall! She also informed me that they ground staff were really very rude indeed to this couple having threatened them with trouble if they complained about the flight being closed early! We went to a travel agent and book a normal ticket on a later flight without any bribes! That flight to Tashkent was then not on a nice 757 but on a Russian Tupolev 155 aircraft. While it is quite special in a way to have the full Soviet Union flying experience it is not comfortable quite or smooth! With no turbulence this thing rockets up and down like a fighter jet the noise is such that you may as well be sitting on the wing! While we took off ontime we were met with fog in Tashkent and diverted to Sarmankand only landing in Tashkent some hours late. As such I missed my Aeroflot connection to Moscow and spent hours killing time in the airport. The funny thing was the only bar in the departure lounge does not take the national currency  just Russian Rubles and dollars! The cherry on the cake was again the ground staff coming back for bribes! I was well overweight for my Moscow connecting Aeroflot flight but $50.00 was exchanged and the matter resolved! In London the extra weight had cost me $300 which Aeroflot lost on my return thanks to the Uzbek business culture. Corruption has two sides it can be very disruptive and also very convenient but on the whole I can do without it in future.
  Worse service ever. Booked my mothers ticket from Fiji to London. Along the way Korean air stop operating from Fiji. I was just given flight from Sydney without a choice. I called them up saying that Sydney is a different country. Then I was given ticket from Nadi  Auckland  Seoul  London. On the day of the flight Korean air messes things up and my mother was refused boarding. We had to cancel the ticket and Korean air took USD 400 for the mess up they did. Their obligation was not fulfilled. Totally disgusting behaviour. Sent a feedback nothing happened.
  Toronto to Cayo Largo return. Was hesitant to book with Cubana after reading reviews, wish I followed my instincts. Flight to Cayo Largo was actually ok. Flight home a nightmare. Were told it was delayed 30 minutes, got to the airport, boarded, was excited for the first time in 3 trips my trip home wasnt going to be delayed hours! Then everything went wrong. When they turned the jets on, a strong strong smell came into the plane of jet fuel. People coughing, sneezing, we were covering our mouths. 20 minutes later the captain says they have an error in the cockpit and we must disembark. 30 minutes later we get off the plane, and play a waiting game, overhearing on the intercom your estimated departure time is approximately tomorrow. At 1030 our rep says at 1130 if the plane isnt fixed they will have to figure out what they are doing with us. 1130 its fixed they say, but cant land at Pearson now?? So back to the resorts we go. But only after we have to get our visas back one by one, and our luggage, and check back in, only to have to check out at 7 am to return to the airport. They attempted to feed us the meals from the plane when we left the airport, it was a soggy piece of bread and some soggy cucumbers. Unedible. We saw them giving water to some people, we didnt get any. Which by the time we landed the next day put us at 25 hours without a meal or beverage. The bus came and we waited until 1020 to board the plane, many of us didnt want to get back on as we were scared. It wasnt a good situation, and they should have sent a new plane, but I know its a risk flying with Cubana. So 1045 we finally fire up, and the plane smells again, we were all nervous, Ive never smelt jet fuel on the plane like that, it was terrible. We managed to take off regardless, and I cried on the way home. So much turbulence, the entire flight, and the landing was so rough. It was the first time I was almost sick on an airplane, good thing I wasnt as there wasnt even a vomit bag. Another part is no communication. The captain never came over to tell us anything, I missed communication greatly. Sometimes he would just say something in Spanish which was more alarming. Many of us concurred they are our never again airline. They should be taken out of commission, not safe, not friendly, poor service, old planes. Just happy to be alive! Do yourself a favour, if you are debating on booking with Cubana like I was, dont!!!
  Bucharest to Florence, a pleasant flight on a Sunday morning, splendid manned by the pilots, few mins. early departed and 25 mins early landing, smooth and with messages from cockpit regarding the route. Good legroom on the 2nd row. Downsides the cabin crew attitude professional and efficient, but not friendly and seeming to be bored and the cabin look, strongly showing the aircrafts age. I recommend Blue Air for citybreaks from to Bucharest.
  I am extremely dissatisfied with the service provided by Wizz Air. I had booked a flight from Ankara to Abu Dhabi, which was cancelled by Wizz Air without any prior notice or explanation just 23 hours before the scheduled departure. I had planned my trip almost two months in advance and had also purchased nonrefundable tickets for connecting flights. When I contacted Wizz Air to rebook my cancelled flight and sought assistance with my other airline tickets, I was informed that they would not take any responsibility for my other tickets. Furthermore, they could not provide any assurance regarding the possibility of my connecting flights being cancelled or not. As a result, I had to reschedule all my other tickets and incurred additional expenses for hotel accommodations due to the cancelled flight. I strongly advise against using Wizz Air and do not recommend their services at all.
Usual dodgy bus trip to the plane and chaotic boarding. Good seats. Fight full of noisy passengers it is CNY after all. Crew had had time keeping them in seats. Meal ok avoid usual excellent CX style. Asked crew for visa slip she gave me a customs one instead which caused hassle at immigration. Apart from the appalling bus boarding Ryanair style another good flight. Please invest in some airport bridge departures!
  Return trip from London to Kuwait turned into a complete farce. Connecting flight in Amman was cancelled and new flight was announced as 24 hours later ! About 2 hour wait at the airport followed by another 34 hour wait at the Amman Airport Hotel a 2 star facility at best in the middle of the night to get a room key for room arranged by airline. Complete chaos at the hotel with no airline representative present and the airline had also forgotten to provide vouchers before shipping passengers from 3 different cancelled flights to the hotel. Airline also stamped a very restrictive transit visa on everyones passport which forbade leaving the hotel or getting a different hotel on own expense. I qualified for a tourist visa on arrival but was not informed. I would have gladly paid for my own accommodation in a different hotel but was informed that I couldnt leave  I was literally in a jail! Room was a shambles with no towels, dirty floors, broken furniture. Other flights cancelled too with families with children in poor state with not even water offered to them. One of my worst airline experiences in 40 years of air travel and my first and last time on this airline. Im an Emerald highest tier member on One World and booked on RJ as theyre a One World airline. Does One World have any basic standards of membership ? Seems not. My sincere advice to everyone is to avoid this airline. Flight cancellations do occur but airlines dont abandon and disrespect their passengers like this airline did.
  Tel Aviv to New York JFK via Baku return with Azerbaijan Airlines. Excellent service and also the plane. Kosher food is not special. Very comfortable seats on the Boeing 787 aircraft. Flight entertainment quite okay, flight attendants with excellent service. And wait in Baku pretty good.
 Put in complaint as flight cancelled and when asked for rebooking made it Mon instead of Sun. Then flight cancelled again Mon and airline rebooked for Tues. Already missed 1 day work couldnt miss another. Told had to get back to Sydney for work. Told could get flight to Canberra and then bus back to Sydney. No other options. Told them to cancel booking. Now been told have to wait 12 weeks or more for a refund. Totally unacceptable
 Extremely wonderful customer support service as compared to other competitors in the market. My query was resolved within 5 minutes, that was through live chat rather than waiting for hours holding the call. Very happy with the service. 
I was notified by DragonAir via SMS that my flight from Shanghai to Hong Kong KA893 was cancelled while I was in a taxi on my way to Shanghai Pudong Airport at 5pm on 26 June 2014. When I arrived at the airport at around 5.30pm the DragonAir checkin counters were chaotic with hundreds queuing. The reason for the cancelled flight was  Traffic Flow Control. Dragonair staff walked around and distributed coupons to get dinner in nearby restaurants. They asked us to come back at 7.00 to check the latest status. Came back at 7pm and waited for another 30 minutes and get the reply that I should come back at 8pm. I come back at 8pm but got the vague answer that all flights were cancelled. Staff asked travelers to come back at 9pm to check status. From 8.30pm the checkin area was absolutely chaotic. Because I needed to travel to Hong Kong urgently I booked another flight from Shanghai Pudong to Shenzhen. I was lucky that I booked onto China Eastern MU5367.
  Akita to Sapporo. This flight was operated by JAir. A fast and friendly checkin was followed by an effortless, punctual and enjoyable flight. The cabin crew were friendly, although there was no onboard service on this flight possibly due to turbulence. Baggage arrived quickly all thoughtfully placed on the carousel with the handles facing out. I was on a train into town within 25 minutes of touchdown.
BOGMZLBOG. I took them from Bogota to Manizales when I was visiting Colombia in December. The crew was fantastic airport staff was polite. The planes were new comfortable and service was great. Tickets were very reasonable but book them early through the website to take advantage of the promotional fares which could equal $50 U.S. round trip depending on where you are going and how early you book.
Checkin process was quick and efficient. The crew were friendly and offered free refreshments for the short journey. On my outbound journey, the weather was very poor but the pilot kept us informed about the situation as SZB was temporarily closed due to poor visibility but eventually did get us to the destination. Pilots for both legs were professional and landing was soft. Being able to avoid the hassle of long queues and a shorter travel distance from KL as compared to KL International KUL, it was great value for money to obtain a ticket that is cheaper than flying SINKUL. All these considered, I am happy to fly with Firefly again in the future if flying through KL International is not a must.
  Really bad experience and will not use this company again. Outbound flight was delayed and no one had any information regarding the delay. Kept us waiting on the airport for couple of hours. Now return flight in the same situation delays 95 minutes with no explanation. Made us miss connection and had to wait extra and pay extra. Does not matter really if their staff if friendly if the planes are constantly delayed. Their customer service says that they are not responsible for any missed connections. Better pay a bit extra and travel well than with this joke company.
  My flight from Manchester to Norwich on 21st December was unavoidably delayed due to heavy fog in Norwich. The pilot came out to the passengers to  explain this and paid particular attention to two elderly customers who were in wheelchairs, even offering his only coat to one. He stayed with us the entire time and updated us constantly. The cabin crew brought us mince pies and were very comforting. I cannot praise them enough for the service provided and wont hesitate to recommend  use them again. The flight itself was smooth and the pilot landed safely in tremendously awful thick cloud. Thank you. 
  We are now with lost luggage and no response from the airline. We have had zero communication other than a generic no reply email advising that they have received our cost baggage claim. We have advised them if the location in terminal 1 which we are aware of by way of air tag and still no assistance and no communication. There is no way to reach an actual live person, no direct email. There is no representative to speak to and they have advised there is no email to direct our concerns to other than through the general complaint site. Our emails have gone unanswered. We will never fly Lynx again. There should be no reason luggage cant make it on a direct flight from Toronto to Florida and no reason for this lack of communication and assistance. 
  Malaga to Stuttgart. I would like to preface this saying that I have flown with Laudamotion in the past and have no issues with my flying experience. My review refers to the complete lack of customer support and response following the Coronainduced flight cancellations. For several days now I have been applying to receive a refund for my cancelled flight. Both the app and online refund request page have error messages and do not allow me to proceed. According to the online request page the reference number is wrong its the only reference number listed on my ticket confirmation. According to the app theres just a general error. I have attempted to contact Laudamotion and Ryanair via their chat option and have waited hours without receiving a reply. The phone numbers appear not to be working. While I understand that we are in a crisis situation, the airlines number one priority should be maintaining customer satisfaction. And cancelling our flights without guaranteeing us our money back completely neglects this. I will be giving a rating of 110 until the airline refunds me my money. I recommend that people with similar experiences do the same.
  The customer service of this particular airline is superb. The cabin crew are very friendly and approachable. Safety measures provided in the flight was good in quality. Thanks for adding more colours to my first flying experience with Vistara.
  Jakarta to Tokyo Narita. I love ANA, is the best airline in the world. The best ANA flight attendant service and very helpful. I want to fly to Japan using All Nippon Airways again.
  Horrible experience. I arrived too late to check in, meaning I lost my flight. Six other passengers and I had to wait in line and deal with extremely rude customer service employees. They gave us two options fly to San Francisco in two days for 200 euros or fly to New York tomorrow for 500 euros. I watched as people paid the 500 euros each to get on the next flight. The customer service people had no sympathy for us. 
  Moscow to Bangkok via Novosibirsk. I bought my ticket on orbitz. It showed I had a 23kg check in luggage. But when I came to the airport the airline said I did not. It forced me to pay. The staff was rude, impolite, slow and unprofessional. Their payment system was down and could not process it. As a result the flight left without me and my family. The airline did not provide any help.
  I wanted to fly by Air NZ. After finding out the Perth route was now going to be flying with WAMOS Air, I researched. I nearly canceled with all the negative 2star reviews. Wamos Air is the best airline I have ever flown, service was fantastic, and the seats comfortable. Everyone was given a blanket and pillow, the food good for airline food. You could get extra drinks and food if wanted, and periodically, they would come around with water. On return to Perth, it was the same. The plane was not dated. The lady next to me, on returning, was quite ill, and the cabin crew couldnt do enough for her. They even reseated me so I wouldnt be concerned and they could access that traveller in case of added complications. 
  Flight was delayed by weather and they changed gate departure at last minute, I understand this can happen so no biggie. The staff and flight was fine till the end. The plane had stopped at gate, engine off, passenger in rows ahead started to get up, so I did, same as I have done on hundreds of flights. So imagine my shock when she runs down to me and slams luggage compartment shut in my face, no explanation and walks back up. I stayed standing in shock, the passengers around me are shocked and murmur privileged first. So I can say that first flight will be my last, Buy tickets on this airline only if you want to be treated with disrespect. I had just been on 2 Aero Mexico flights that were superior and the staff excellent!
  Terrible company. I was forced due to a family medical emergency to cancel my flight. Volotea remained steadfastly uncontactable with circular website links and useless Chatbots in the help centre. I was unable to contact anyone to cancel my flight. I even tried to alert Aegean Air, the carrier Volotea used for the flight but they would not help stating I had to contact Volotea who remained uncontactable. No email, no phone number, nothing. They will take your money fast enough but provide no after sales service whatsoever. 
  London to Muscat via Bangkok. Always used to use this company to fly. I wont again. The airline cancels 1 flight 3 days before departure then book me on another without my consent 17hour stopover in Oman, which currently has a travel ban in the UK. Then the airline cancels another of my flights 2 days before departure and again rebook me on another without my consent The cancellation and rebooking without my consent also caused my travel insurance to become void so can no longer travel regardless. No refund or compensation offered and fobbed off. This virus will pass. Peoples memories wont. Youve lost a regular life long user of your airline. Such a shame.
Outward flight to Antalya on 4th November was basic but fine with helpful friendly crew and sufficient though not extensive leg room so as not to make the flight uncomfortable. As this was a budget flight had no reason to have any higher expectations I also had no reason to believe the return flight 4945Y on the 11th November would be any different. How wrong I was had we known in advance I would have paid extra for seats near the exits with more legroom as when we boarded the return flight there appeared to have been more rows of seats squeezed in to the aircraft leaving insufficient legroom such that it was impossible to even slip your legs under the seat in front properly to stretch them out. I am of average height but had to sit twisted in my seat initially. I started to get an aching pain in my left side so had to stand for a large part of the journey. The staff seemed indifferent and eventually a lady kindly offered to let me sit next to her in an exit seat for about the last 45 minutes of the journey. I am also a coeliac and on the outward flight the staff could not have been more helpful and provided me with more than ample replacement complementary food for the roll offered to the other passengers. Unfortunately when I advised the staff on the return flight I could not have the roll due to my condition she took it away but I was offered nothing further than a cup of water. This may well be due to language difficulties causing a misunderstanding though the staff did seem to speak excellent English but it only further soured the experience. The holiday itself could not have been better but it was spoiled by the return flight. I could not recommend this airline.
  Our Bahamasair from Nassau to Orlando was 12 hours late. we arrived at 23.00 pm at Orlando! Therefore we missed or connecting flight LH465 from Orlando to Frankurt which departed at 8.15 pm. During our 12 hour stay in Nassau we did not receive any information about the delay and no help at all regarding connecting flights. The customer service did not react at all. Maximum confusion at the airport without any gate information. Arriving at Orlando the ground representative of Bahamas Air was unfriendly and unwilling to help. This was our worst experience ever when traveling around the world. The worst airline ever!
  Delhi to Male. First of all business class in MEGA Maldives Airlines is pathetic. Smaller seats the same as economy, just more leg room but no leg rest. They provide no lounge access and top of it they have no in flight entertainment. Its a waste of money if you fly with them in business class. I am never going to fly them again or recommend anyone.
Very small seats and drinks were not free. Boarding was very disorganized, and we sat well past the boarding time with no explanation. The price was decent but would take Turkish Airlines instead if the price was anywhere near Onur Air. Verdict if Onur Air price is much better than Turkish Airlines and the flight is short, it might be worth it  but otherwise I would avoid.
  Horta to London Heathrow via Lisbon. A lack of customer care and support left us frustrated at Lisbon. Technical issues with the Horta to Lisbon flight meant that we were just in time to board our scheduled connection to London. Our luggage was not  it hadnt been deplaned from the Horta flight. We were given two choices  board the connection now and the luggage might follow today  or tomorrow and it was our responsibility to collect from London Heathrow. Or wait for the next flight three hours later. No choice then as no one wants to be separated from their luggage at Heathrow. I accept that flights can be delayed but the complete lack of ground support from SATA for travelers with connecting flights even under code share is unforgiveable. From other reviews it looks like a nice little airline has lost its way in customer service and support. Oh and dont get me started on the inflight catering  possibly the driest sandwiches in recorded history.
  There is a surcharge if your carryon exceeds 7 kilos, which is just over 15 pounds. Of course, once you pay the surcharge, the airline puts zero consideration into where your carryon goes, because the surcharge has nothing to do with extra weight, and everything to do with bleeding you for more money. This airline represents everything that is wrong with air travel.
  Cartagena to Bogota. Worst airline ever, very bad customer service and they will charge extra money for absolutely everything. Printing the boarding pass they do not provide copies on pdf or email, seats there were no free seats anywhere in the cabin whole plane and all of them are cheap seats even small luggage that fits on the overhead compartment and that is accepted on all airlines, they have smaller measures and will end up charging extra for luggage. This is not a cheap airline, they just deceive customers to rip them off at the airport.
  Luton to Amsterdam in economy. Overall I had a great experience, the flight was slightly delayed due to a late arrival of the aircraft in bound. The check in and service prior to boarding was great, we were kept informed and when we did board, it was done quickly and efficiently. The aircraft are quite modern, clean and have decent legroom Im 202cm so I can tell every inch. The cabin staff were friendly and provided a in flight service. We made up time in the air and landed only 20 minutes late. Overall for the price I paid for the ticket and the generous cabin luggage allowed, I would fly Level again.
 Trinidad to Miami via Panama. My flight was scheduled to depart POS at 354 AM on 12222, and it was not until I got to the airport at 1 AM that I found out COPA had cancelled the flight. I was approached by a rep who was not even an employee of the airline, who was good enough to get on to the local rep of the airline and have my ticket rerouted thru Guyana to Panama later that night. As Guyana needs a Covid test to enter even just to transfer planes which was not needed for Panama, I had to race around on Sunday to find a lab that could do this test in time for my departure. Anyway, I was successful and returned on time to be boarded on a 30 odd seat 2propeller plane, and had to pay $30 for them to load my suitcase. You would think that Copa would pick up this tab and the lab tab as well, but no. It came out of my pocket! Guyana was an earthly version of hell, with the Copa staff offering no assistance to passengers transferring to their plane, even hiding their name badges when you asked for their names. I contracted Covid in Florida, and asked an attorney in Panama to rearrange the dates on my ticket he had no better luck than I would have had, as I basically paid for a new ticket. No credit. Do not use this airline unless you love stress.
  Cape Town to Durban. But from the get go upon checking in how awful of me with the pain I was already in, the attendant that assisted me in CT International was the best, like a godsend at that time of morning and his willingness to assist me and make my check in such a breeze. Also inflight, the cabin crew were the best, i also had the best tasting cappuccino. Extremely helpful and courteous staff. Our flight arrived 20mins ahead of schedule. Now that for me was the cherry on top. To Flysafair crew and ground team thank you so much for the best experience especially with having to have had to fly with my medical condition. 
  Tokyo to San Francisco via Taipei. EVA needs to understand the oversized baggage limits. I brought my stuff to NRT 2 days prior to flying out, and EVA cleared them. However on the day of the flight they overcharged me, and referenced figures which I could not find.  Cabin Attendants were ok, attentive, and present. IFE was horrible vs ANA, and SQ. BR28 boarded late, due to aircraft not ready for flight. First drink round was a disaster, and passengers, like me got nothing. Had to call for a drink, Head Cabin Attendant came out and served me herself. Meals were good, other drink rounds were good, Cabin Attendants were present. My IFE was a disaster, with an extremely limited selection. Landed at SFO late. Had to approach the 3 EVA ground staff at the Luggage Carousel and was pointed to where to get my luggage. EVAs ground staff were a disaster, in the air EVA does good.
Kerteh  Subang evening flight departed on time and arrived roughly 5 minutes earlier than expected. Ground service efficient. Check in and boarding without hassle. Plane interior very clean. FAs friendly and service fairly good. Light snacks biscuits and drink served promptly after departure. Inflight announcement was a bit hard to understand especially the one made in English seemed like FA in a hurry. Other than that nothing to complain about. For the price they are offering will use them again
  I booked Garuda to fly back from Bali  Auckland for Dec 2, and a week before departure they changed one flight of the four flights required to return, by a week. Meaning, we got to Melbourne, then had to stay there for a week which was impossible due to Covid restrictions, but then our flights to NZ were still scheduled to leave the week before. We had no choice but to cancel the flights because it was completely impossible to return! Then, when we cancelled and used an alternative provider, they offered us a Travel Credit, which a we have no intention to use in the next 12 months as travelling is virtually impossible at this stage, and b we want to refund because we wont be able to use it. They then, would not provide a refund at all, and all my efforts to contact them to resolve this have landed on deaf ears  they completely ignore me! As you can see, I am very frustrated at this ridiculous service. They will change your flights, make it impossible, then when you have to cancel with them because it becomes impossible to travel, they will issue you a travel credit, rather than give your money back. 
AntalyaAnkara direct flights of Turkish Airlines are operated by Anadolu Jet that is a trademark of Turkish Airlines. Anadolu Jet has no Business Class Service and you are obligated to a low profile service as long as you dont transfer through Istanbul. For the CIP Lounge you have to pay an additional fee that doesnt fit with Gold Card holders. No options is a severe pain.
  An average no frills Ryanair flight. The plane was 20min late but that was not a problem. Staff was friendly and the flight pleasant. I recommend them as Ive never had a bad experience flying with Ryanair.
Cartagena, Colombia to London Gatwick on Hi Fly. We took off late because the airport did not have a fuel bowser sufficiently large to refill the plane in one go. Hence dinner was not served until three hours into the flight after 10 pm. My preordered veggie meal was not available so they reheated an already cooked but left over meal from the outbound flight it was awful. Then lights out and off to sleep but just over one hour later we were woken up lights on for an inflight snack of crisps and a hamcheese hot melt sandwich no veggie option available so I went hungry. Lights off and then about 90 minutes later we were woken up for breakfast. It would have been better to have given us the melt asap after takeoff and let us sleep after the late dinner. The inside of the plane was grubby and the seats had not been cleaned for a long time  the seat pitch was reasonable for economy. The inflight entertainment was a multichannel loop affair but no one knew what was playing because there was no inflight guide and the crew did not know either. The cabin crew were vaguely interested in their job one at the back was very good but there was no real customer care. Upon landing there was a technical problem with the airbridge but the captain did explain what was happening and how they were planning on fixing it well done him.
  My flight was to Milan from Toronto and return. Checkin was fast, the crew were polite and efficient on the ground and in flight. For the most part both of my flights were on time, just on the way back there was a delay of 2 hours but Expedia had informed me through email 2 days prior of my flight. I was pleasantly surprised regarding the meals served on board to and from Italy, not only you can choose from a menu but the food was delicious! Also I found that choosing the option to pay for checked baggage on Air Italy site was much cheaper than paying at the airport, I paid in Canadian dollars instead of euros. I usually fly with Air Canada but Air Italy was much cheaper in comparison. The only thing that I would appreciate is that when choosing the option to pay for my checked bag online that it would indicate 1 checked baggage included at time of booking. The flight was smooth and very pleasant. I will definitely fly with Air Italy again in the near future.
Its Christmas day and I am waiting for a flight from Ho Chi Minh city to Hanoi. We originally booked on a flight to leave at 6.40pm tonight so that we would have time to eat christmas dinner with our family before flying and still get to Hanoi on time. However, our flight was delayed 2 hours so we decided change the time to an earlier flight at 3.50pm therefore missing Christmas dinner  something we were not happy about. So weve checked in and we are waiting for our earlier flight, which is delayed again  if we had been informed of this delay before we wouldve had time to have dinner with our family on this special day. I have flown with this airline many times and I can honestly say that it is the worst airline I have ever used  always delays  always some terrible excuse. 
  Mykonos to Milan Bergamo. Middle name change is a total scam. Some had to pay €300 depending on the time they have booked it, some people chose not to pay and didnt fly, the airline is super shady and is scamming thousands of people daily.
Flew Madrid  Sofia on an Embraer 190 and Sofia  Madrid on an Airbus A319. Excellent value for money. Both flights were on time and landed before scheduled time of arrival. Free piece of checked baggage and nice services inflight sandwich chocolate water and two rounds of free drinks coke coffee milk tea beer wine. It would be nice to have some entertainment on board but it is a minor problem. Will repeat if I come back to Bulgaria.
 Me and my family which included an 11 and a 16 year old were due to be picked up from our hotel, the San Antonio Hotel and Spa in Bugibba, Malta, at between 7.45  8.15am, for a transfer to Malta airport and then our return flight home at 11am. We waited in the hotel reception between those times and no transfer came! At 8.17, I rang your Jet2 customer service helpline and was told that the transfer was often late and should ring again if it hadnt arrived by 8.30. I rang again at 8.35 and was told that the representative I spoke to would look into the issue and call me back. As I hadnt received a call back by 8.55, and our flight was due to take off in just over 2 hours time, I rang Jet2 again! Once again, I was told one of their reps would look into where the transport to the airport was as a matter of urgency and call me straight back! Finally, I got a call back saying that there had been some sort of clerical error on your part and we would have to make our own way to the airport! I was told to book a taxi and that I would be reimbursed for this expense once we arrived at the airport. I informed the representative that I didnt have enough money for a taxi as we had spent all our remaining euros, it being our last night on holiday. The Jet2 rep was not very understanding, and when I asked to speak to a supervisor, I was put on hold for two minutes then cut off! During the next 20 minutes, both me and my wife tried getting back in touch with Jet2 but were either kept on hold or cut off again, twice! I finally managed to get through but the customer services representative we spoke to was very rude and patronising to my wife, suggesting that I run around the resort and find a cash point to withdraw money for a taxi! When my wife asked to speak to a manager to complain about her attitude, she was cut off. By now, I had managed to withdraw some cash and the hotel had booked me a taxi. We got to Malta airport, after great stress and upset, worrying about what would happen if we missed our flight, at 10.10am 50 minutes before the scheduled take off!. The stress and anxiety we endured when trying to get to the airport put a massive dampener on what had been a nice holiday! On return to the UK, I contacted Jet2 to tell them of the poor service we had received from their customer services team, and after several email exchanges, during which Jet 2 admitted fault for the whole incident as their transfer operator had forgotten to pick us up, I was offered a derisory amount of compensation approximately 0.015 of what we had paid for a holiday that had cost us over £6,200 with Jet2 , I escalated the issue to their CEO, Stephen Heapy. The response from his Customer Services Escalation Executive was to agree that while the level of service we had received was below their required standards and the admission that they were at fault, they would not be taking this matter any further! I feel obliged to share my experience as I would hate for anybody else to go through the stress and trauma we endured for those few hours, without and help or support from Jet ! And their follow up lack of empathy when trying to resolve the issue.
  I flew yesterday with my wife and my children from Skavsta to Dsseldorf with Laudamotion OE195 and it all started with it being only 1h 30min late when the flight that was to arrive landed late. We boarded and were already tired and annoyed by the long wait and it was late at night. The personnel on the plane were unpleasant and foolish from the start, and had no respect. When I then sat in my seat and when the plane started to lift, I wanted to sleep for a while before serving began. I then wanted to buy something to drink and asked about it to the flight attendant but she replied unpleasantly that there were many who had ordered the same drink and that there might not be. She then ignored to check if there were and continued with her advertising for the other products they sell onboard. I then pressed the button that calls for staff because I fly often and know that you can press it if you want something and then a flight attendant came who took my order and would come with it immediately. Then the female flight attendant came from earlier and scolded me for pushing the button and that it is forbidden and a big problem to press it and that I had already talked to her about the drink I wanted. I didnt know that you cant press the button and it says nowhere about it either, but I apologized for it and just wanted something to drink. They were already delayed with the flight and then they were unpleasant onboard and it was really unruly and poor customer service. This is the first and last time I fly with Laudamotion and I really do not recommend this airline to anyone. Really bad and worst airline due to staff. But want to point out that the pilot did an incredibly good job and was impressively good at landing that you barely noticed it. Jag flg igr med min fru och mina barn frn skavsta till dsseldorf med Laudamotion OE195 och det hela brjade med att den var frst 1h 30min frsenad d flyget som skulle ankomma landade sent. Vi steg ombord och var redan trtta och irriterad ver den lnga vntetiden och det var sent p kvllen. Personalen p planet var otrevlig och taskiga redan frn start mot alla och hade ingen respekt. Nr jag sedan satt p min plats och nr planet brjade lyfta s ville jag sova en stund innan serveringen brjade. Jag ville sedan kpa ngot att dricka och frgade om det till flygvrdinnan men hon svarade otrevligt med att det var mnga som hade bestllt samma dricka och att det kanske inte finns. Hon sedan struntade i att kolla om det fanns och fortsatte med sin reklam fr dom andra produkter dom sljer onbord. Jag tryckte sedan p knappen som kallar p personal fr jag flyger ofta och vet att man kan trycka p den om man vill ha ngot och d kom en flygvrd som tog min bestllning och skulle komma med det strax. D kom den kvinnliga flygvrdinnan frn tidigare och skllde ut mig fr jag tryckte p knappen och att det r frbjudet samt ett stort problem att man trycker p den och att jag redan hade pratat med henne om drickan jag ville ha. Jag visste inte att man inte fr trycka p knappen och det str ingenstans om det heller men jag bad om urskt fr det och ville bara ha ngot att dricka. Dom vart redan frsenade med flyget och sen r dom otrevliga onbord och det var verkligen oproffsigt och dlig kundservice. Detta r frsta och sista gngen jag flyger med Laudamotion och jag rekommenderar verkligen inte detta flygbolag till ngon. Verkligen dligt och smsta flygbolaget pgrund av personalen. Men vill ppeka att piloten gjorde ett otroligt bra jobb och var imponerande duktig p att landa att man knappt mrkte det.
AMSERCANAMS. Flights to ECN do not fly direct but via Antalya ATY due to international flying regulations to N. Cyprus. Old B738. Cabin full of young holiday makers chaotic boarding and dismemberment. No clear instructions to passengers on landing at ATY. Halfhour after landing crew announces passengers to disembark and change to a sister plane. On return at around 1am captain announces problems with wheel during landing at ATY. Passengers ferried to transit lounge waiting for plane to be repaired. Resume journey 90 min later. No announcements made in English except some Dutch and local language not even at ATY airport. FA totally unprofessional and rude especially on the return flight. Aircrafts old cramped soiled seating cabin lights blinking badly maintained aircrafts. No IFE. Food expensive and of low quality. Not recommended will never fly Corendon.
  I traveled with my small dog, and before the flight, I read all rules from animal travelers and tried to find information about bags for my dog. Nothing was mentioned. I arrived with a plastic box which is required in trains, and staff said its not appropriate then I left the box and suggest to put my dog in another soft bag, that they wanted, but they said to me that only way I could fly its to buy their soft bag for 60 EU. I bought it, and they charged for another 40 EU when my luggage was literally 3 cm more. 
  I have taken flight with my family from Srinagar to Pune I5 737. Flight details was there will be 35 minutes halt at Delhi airport and Pune passenger will not be allowed to off board. When flight landed at Delhi air hostess announced that Pune passengers need to contact ground staff. We were total 8 Pune passengers which include kid of 2.5 yrs and senior citizens also. Ground staff told us that we have to off board and take another flight of AirAsia which will take off at 22.50 and handed us another ticket. The Srinagar flight landed at 22.20 then they take us from bus to exit and asked us to go from internal transfer with again all handbag checking. At ticket scanning the new tickets which they handed from that 2 tickets were not scanning and throwing some error in their system. So we have to wait there for 10 minute to get the clearance. After that ground staff was asking us to run till gate number 49 to get into another flight. With us as mention having senior citizens and also a kid, literally we had to run with all our hand bags. At gate 49 AirAsia person was saying to us that previous flight do not have that much of capacity. This is the worst management I have seen till now they are not aware about their flight capacity and asking passengers to take another flight in mid of journey. Thank you Air Asia for this pathetic experience and we will not travel with you any more.
  My flight from Hanoi to Hong Kong was delayed one hour and I have asked the airline staff at Noi Bai Airport that whether the delay would affect my connecting flight to Johannesburg and she assured me 40 minutes was enough for connecting. But when I arrived in Hong Kong, staff of Cathay Dragon and the supervisor said I could not take my original flight to Johannesburg, offered me the next day flight 24 hours later or take indirect flights through other countries to Johannesburg. I refused to take indirect flights as it would take much longer time of flight and transit. So I had no other choice rather than staying 24 hours waiting for the next day flight. But the staff refused to provide me with a resting and shower facility while waiting 24 hours for the next flight. They were quite rude in tone and body language,  did not apology for the delays and neither friendly or supportive, rather than pushed me to accept to stay 24 hours in the airport with lounge service for food and coffee and without resting nor shower facilities. No resting or sleeping place, I could not sleep at all that night and felt really tired. So next morning, I went to the Cathay Dragon Air counter to ask for a resting place.  It took almost 2 hours of discussions with her and the supervisor, the supervisor repeated the same thing and refused to provide me with a resting and showering facilities and he sent his staff to go with me to find a public and free of charge resting place, but we did not succeed as all these were occupied. Finally, they offered me access to services in Business Lounge of Cathay Pacific where resting and shower facilities were available.
  In March Cathay informed me that my booked flight from Ho Chi Minh City to Amsterdam couldnt take place because of the situation around COVID19. I had to find an alternative flight back home. After 5 failed attempts, I finally found flights back to my home country. However, the extra costs I had to make were about € 3.500 the price of tickets was sky high and I had to stay a few days longer in HCM. Back home I asked my travel insurance for compensation. They told me you will have to claim the extra costs at Cathay Pacific. They could make the decision to fly via other hubs but usually that costs them a lot of money so they cancel the flight. So I claimed the extra costs. They didnt accept my claim. They told me we informed you sufficient time before your flight, so you had all the time to find new tickets. I am really dissapointed about that reaction. Informing me in time has nothing to do with the fact that they are responsible to fly me back home. I decided never to fly anymore with this company.
ATHLCAATH on clean and comfortable A320 with plenty of leg room in economy. Efficient crew provided excellent service on both segments of the trip. Sufficient cold meal for this short flight free drinks including wine and beer. Luggage was delivered quickly.
 They left almost all passengers baggage in Narita. We boarded the plane at 750pm flight is at 735pm We waited in the aircraft for another hour, everyone was asleep, saw the staff in front talking seems like theres a problem. Then the gates closed flied out at 850pm. When we arrived in Manila, theres a baggage falling out on the baggage counter machine. After 20 bags fell, the staff shouted Theres no more bags in Tagalog. mind you there are foreigners here. They asked us to go to the baggage assistance counter. All this time Jetstar crew did not inform us while we were at the plane. It took us 34 hours in the line at the baggage counter and they cannot given us an answer. Now its been 3 days of calling, emailing and messaging Jetstar, they just say to wait for the case manager. They said theres no compensation for this. Its been almost 4 days now, and still they do not answer and no info on when can we get the bags or is it still alive is it not lost? They just want your money! If you dont want to experience what most of us passengers did. DO NOT BOOK THIS AIRLINE! Mind you they have a Japanese staff which are supposed to be very nice, helpful and above beyond service. For the first time, these are the worst Japanese staff Ive experienced. They are not friendly, rude and they do not care at all.
  This company has scammed me severely on my last trip! I missed my connecting flight due to their delay and they rebooked everyone a ticket for free but not for me! I literally had to buy a new ticket and fly the next day. When I asked for a refund they stalled and never gave me a proper response! When I called customer service they told me to wait for customer service to review my request and they will respond in 7 days. Its been a month and nothing! They tried to say it was not their fault! This is an overpriced company that has no loyalty to its loyal clients! They try to mislead you treating you like an incompetent person! I will never fly with this airline again and I regret every penny I spent on them! Disgraceful!
  Fantastic experience. Inbound flight got cancelled due to crazy weather in Iceland. Within 60 minutes, Play had organised a new flight 2 days later to get all stranded passengers to Iceland in time for Christmas. Plus, offered hotel for those in need  and you could choose yourself via Play hotel booking system. On travel day, flight was on time. And flight back was even 50min early landing. I will continue my frequent travels with you.
  Flying to Bangkok to Phuket. Older Airbus aircraft that was clean. Staff was friendly and there was a lot of legroom. I am 190cm tall and had no problems whatsoever. Flight was on time. Snack was a cookie with coffee. I recommend Bangkok airways as the service is great for decent prices.
  I travelled round trip from Seattle to Punta Cana via Toronto. On the way there, there were several issues. First off, seats were highly uncomfortable. Furthermore, the cushions were poorly secured, and slid around underneath you. The leg room was nonexistent. I literally could not fit my knees in front of me on the plane.  There were no power outlets or WiFi on the plane. The return flight was what really set this experience apart though. Terrible seats, no leg room, no amenities. However, the airline made a mistake scheduling the flight, causing it to be 3 hours delayed. Our layover was 3 hours and 40 minutes, which meant that we would have 20 minutes to get to our gate. We contacted the airline about this, and they assured us that we would easily be able to make our connection quote that is plenty of time to get there, and that they would hold the plane back a few minutes to wait for us if necessary. Upon arriving after an uncomfortable and long flight, we could not make it to the other gate in time, and they refused to hold it back for us. The airline scheduled us flights to Seattle the next day, with a layover. We were supposed to get to Seattle Sunday afternoon, but our new flight plan had us arriving late Monday evening. We then waited over 2 hours in line at a very busy and crowded Air Canada service desk. the service was incredibly slow, but eventually they told us that there were much better flights we could have got that would have gotten us home much earlier, but they sold out in the time we stood in the line. I am writing this review from the run down hotel they offered us, after having a meager dinner with the insufficient food vouchers they gave us. I fly a lot, but my entire experience with Air Canada was consistently and extremely awful.
  Mauritius to London. Checkin was chaotic leading to long queues with not enough staff to deal with it and looking visibly unhappy too. It took about 1.5 hours to get to front of queue for checkin. We boarded late only then to sit for about an hour in swelteringly hot and airless cabin before takeoff as the auxiliary power unit was not on, probably to save the airline money as the crew were unwilling to say more than they were suffering too and encouraged me to complain to the airline. Once again, staff unhappy and unmotivated. Requests to talk to senior crew member were ignored and they only came to answer my call button to switch it off, muttering later or words to that effect. No choice of breakfast offered but what came was the most unappetising on any flight I have ever had. The entertainment was very outdated  tiny screen with picture shaking so much that it was unwatchable. And also poor choice of films. On the plus side, the seats were relatively comfortable but only for normalsize passengers. On our outbound flight, the rather large gentleman behind me was in visible pain due to lack of room for his girthlegs. Not that the stewardesses offered any solutions. Luckily, I found another seat so I moved instead to give him more room. As our chosen seats when booking had been unceremoniously reallocated to others by the time we checked in another first experience for me this wasnt too much of a hardship.
  Dubai to Kuala Lumpur via Colombo. I had travelled in this airlines earlier but now things have become bad. Except for the air hostess service, all is extremely poor quality. Right from their website. You cannot change your seats or meal preference using Manage Booking. They charge for seats and once you paid and booked the ticket you cannot change. The food quality is so bad. The airport staff at Colombo for Transit passengers in clueless about their own policies. The entertainment system does not work properly. Staff provides headsets 10 minutes after take off. And collects it 45 minutes before landing and there are so many useless announcements.
  On flight from Cairo to Mumbai, we were offered Beef in our meal despite we opted Vegetarian meal option. On top of all, the behavior of crew members was extremely rude and arrogant It was complete chaos. Before we were served the meal, we were observing that the hostess was not serving passengers as per their preferred meal selection, rather she was simply asking for the meal passenger of the passengers a Vegetarian meal or a nonvegetarian meal. Whereas people like us, who dont eat any nonvegetarian food were offered a nonvegetarian meal. 
  We flew out to the West Indies two weeks earlier and had an excellent flight we were pleasantly surprised and before disembarking I told the cabin crew how much we had enjoyed the flight. The aircraft was clean and tidy and the crew were very friendly and efficient with the inflight catering was more than acceptable. What helped, perhaps, was that we left at 1000 and had a daytime flight heading west. We also found subsequently that we were in extra legroom seats and this made a huge difference. The homeward flight left Barbados at 1700 and effectively became a night flight heading east with breakfast served at 0330UK Time or 2330 Barbados time. We were also in a standard economy seat with limited legroom. I am 1m82 and found it difficult to get comfortable. When i reclined my seat after dinner the passenger behind took offence. If one pays economy prices one does not expect frills but it might be worth obtaining one of the extra legroom seats on any longer flight.
 Horrible customer service who was not empathetic with my flight being cancelled and Air Canada not being able to accommodate me on a different direct flight that day. Did absolutely nothing to make up for the schedule change. Horrible. Will never fly with Air Canada again.
  Harbin to Seattle via Taipei. Absolutely brilliant customer service  from check in at Harbin when they were having system difficulties, to arriving very late in Taipei, and not just getting me onto my connecting flight with NO minutes to spare, but ensuring my suitcase also made it. Ground staff in all 3 locations were fantastic and I am so grateful. Thank you for getting me and my luggage home after a very tiring work trip.
  Krabi to Vancouver  via Shanghai . While in Thailand, I was in a bad scooter accident which caused significant injuries to my lower left leg. My employment provides me with Great west life insurance. GWL GWL has arranged for my new flight itinerary which included a nurse for my care. The arrival at Shanghai airport. The plane landed and parked on the tarmac. All passengers were ferried from the tarmac to the airport building by bus. I was told there was no wheelchair for me. GWL had prearranged this detail with the purchase of the tickets. The flight crew had me walk with crutches to a ramp which lowered me to the tarmac. It was pouring rain and I was offered no cover while I was left there to wait for any assistance. I was very unstable due to having to stand for that period. Finally, a ground crew staff member Porter arrived with a childs wheelchair, I barely fit into it. I was wheeled to the airport building. The ground crew worker was yelling at me the whole way to the building saying this was not his job and that I would have to find someone else to help me when we got to the building. The porter took me without care, he was walking very fast, over bumps and narrowly missing other people. I was told to remove myself from the wheelchair and was placed in a office chair with wheels at the entrance doors. I was soaking wet and shivering at that point. I was left there, with no help. My husband began asking the cabin crew staff for assistance. Every single crew member from our flight just looked at me, some of them pointed and laughed at me, but everyone of them just walked away without care. My husband wheeled me on the office chair away from the entrance door, as I was soaking wet from being left on the tarmac in the rain. The temperature was roughly 7 degrees. My husband made several attempts to get help from any and all China Eastern staff members with no luck. Finally, after another 40 minutes, my frustrated husband went upstairs to find anyone to help me. My husband arrived 30 minutes later with a China Eastern staff member. This gentleman took me through customs, he took me to the front of the line bypassing roughly 450 people. The female customs agent started yelling at the porter who was helping me. They yelled at each other for about 15 minutes when the female agent got up and walked away and never returned, leaving only two customs agents to deal with the roughly 450 people. 20 minutes went by and a man came to take the female agents spot. Eventually we were passed through customs. We got to the security section. The same level of poor care occurred while attempting to board our connecting flight. Rude, verbally and physically abusive.
Edinburgh to Amsterdam via London City, crew were friendly. Sadly the breakfast cut off had been passed so no hot BA breakfast, though I was able to grab some fruit and muesli in the Executive Lounge before boarding. LCY to AMS I was served the best meal Ive experienced onboard  balsamic chicken with puy salad and figs. It did feel like a bit of a rush on such a short flight, but its hardly worth complaining. The E190 jets are comfortable. Same seats in business and economy, and large windows. So much better than the Airbus planes normally on British Airways flights. One downside is there is no BA lounge at LCY to wait in when transiting, so you have to make do with one of the cafes or the waiting areas.
  I had a booking from Muscat to Cairo via Bahrain. My flight from Muscat was scheduled to arrive at 4.35 pm in Bahrain, and the Bahrain to Cairo leg departs at 5.15 pm. About 48 hours before the travel time, I received a message from Gulf Air informing of the cancellation of the Bahrain to Cairo flight. I was rebooked on an earlier flight that same morning leaving Bahrain at 10.15 a.m, with no change in my Muscat to Bahrain flight. The Gulf Air call center offered to book me on another day, but that was not an option for me. They informed me a refund of my ticket requires 90 working days to process. I had no other choice but to rebook myself with another airline out of Muscat. I checked the status of previous 5.15 pm Gulf Air flights to Cairo, and the majority of these flights were cancelled. It seems Gulf Air sells tickets for flights they do not intend to operate unless fully booked, with no concern for customer convenience. I feel that instead of receiving the service I purchased from Gulf Air, I ended up providing the company with a 3month interestfree loan equivalent to the value of the ticket I purchased.
  Melbourne to Adelaide. TigerAir are still selling tickets online for 2.55pm to Melbourne when it has been delayed until 6.20pm .. how can this be legal? I call it trickery and out right misleading the consumer!
  Dusseldorf to Los Angeles in Business class. Outstanding experience today. Amazing cabin crew with attention to detail. Great food choices as well and very comfortable seats. Enjoyed the inflight entertainment system as well. Usually fly on Lufthansa or Swiss but Air Berlin is much better in business class in my opinion.
  Beirut to Sofia. The flight was  okay. It departed on time, the cabin crew did a great job indeed. The food was simple but for a midnight flight it was alright. I was seated on an emergency exit seat and it was very comfortable there. The other seats in front seemed like they have a great legroom too. Calm, enjoyable and normal experience.
  Athens to Catania. Direct excellent flight, everything was on schedule, departure, flight time and arrival at Catania Airport. Service was excellent though not enough space in the aircraft. This is why the airplane was fully booked from Italian tourists. I would fly again. I saved valuable time instead of flying via Rome.
  The flight was on time and arrived ahead of schedule. The cabin crew were courteous and efficient. One piece of my checked in luggage did not arrive and one of the flight attendants personally assisted me in filing a report. Despite all this I was able to board a bus departing 30 minutes after my scheduled arrival time. Thank you Aer Lingus
26415 1515. LGWSSH ZB248. SSHLGW ZB249. Good flight LGWSSH and return. Clean modern A321. Good comfy seat. Legroom ok. Crew nice.
I recently flew to Reunion on Air Austral and was very impressed. I found the service was excellent and far superior to that of Air France.
  Myself and my partner Australians chose Philippine Airlines as their business class prices from Sydney to LA were extremely competitive for Christmas time. We flew 4 sectors with PAL and all were significantly delayed. Transit in Manila was an absolute nightmare. Straight off our plane those also transiting were ushered into a corridor and ushered plastic chairs. No communication!  More than an hour later, we were given water. Then transit passengers were asked to move to the transfer desk.  After standing in a line for almost 30 minutes, our passports were taken and we were moved to another room  where we waited for another hour.  Next, we were moved into another line and our hand luggage was scanned and taken to small room we had to identify our luggage which was opened and tested for what?.  Then ushered into a bus and taken to the next terminal.  Our baggage was scanned again upon leaving the bus and then we found the gate  our hand luggage was scanned again and all our documents were checked once more where the worker was meticulously writing down by hand passport and ESTA numbers and taking photos with his phone of every single document! 3 days before our flight home, we received emails saying our LAXManila flight was going to be delayed significantly, meaning we would miss our connecting flight to Sydney. After an ordeal trying to get someone on the phone or via chat and more than 3 hours on messenger, the best PAL could offer us was leaving on a flight from LAX a day earlier, a 28 layover in Manila and arriving home in Sydney 5 hours later. That was the best they could do. They did provide hotel accommodation and food vouchers however but to some no name hotel 30 minutes drive away. We were out of pocket with a non refundable night of accom we lost in LA, car hire and needing to pay for another night of dog boarding at home. The flight from LAX to Manila was a nightmare. TV remote was broken  Reading light was broken  The lie flat bed kept hitting the floor. On arrival to Manila, only 4 out of 5 bags had arrived. The staff seemed very meh about the whole thing  uncaring and unsympathetic and didnt seem to know what to do when questioned. They were unfriendly and unhelpful and their solution was for us to fill in a form, thats about it! About a week later, nothing from them about our bag  they just dont care! Needless to say, the trauma, the stress, the worry endured at the hands of PAL was horrendous. 
  Manchester to Los Angeles. We flew premium outbound and economy inbound as no premium seats available. Premium ok for what we paid and tolerable for 11 hour flight. Economy seats extremely uncomfortable despite having exit seats. Dont recline, narrow and not tall enough for tall people. On both legs, food portions and type were inadequate for the length of the journey. We were hungry. Not enough drinks service. Lights are put out and youre encouraged to sleep. Only pro is cost in comparison to other airlines, direct flight and on time. Staff were fine.
  This was the worst experience from Calicut to Cochin with Air India Express. However, our flight of 45 min from Calicut to Cochin had a delay of 3 hours for no explicite reason except technical aspects, and we missed our 2 next flights with different airlines. Despite explaining the situation to 5 different people, nothing was done to help us, no refund or help to find new flights.  Never fly with Air India Express, youre never sure to arrive on time. This is completely unrespectful and not honest at all.
  Keflavik to Baltimore. Long flight with comfortable seats and basic services. No entertainment system! Easy short transit in KEF. Wish it were longer since there were lots of food and shopping outlets that looked good. I did manage to have a quick meal because I didnt preorder an inflight meal and purchased local chocolate highly recommend. Flight attendants should make more effort to smile. I thought this was a competitive price for a last minute purchase.
  I recently flew from New York to Kochi via Jeddah and this is by far my worst flight experience ever. I have been flying internationally for 20 years and not once did I go through such horror. All my 6 baggage went missing. The Saudia staff who checked my baggage in NYC apparently sent it only till Jeddah, even though they handed the boarding pass till Kochi. After hours of fighting with them over the phone, 5 of the 6 bags reached after 8 days. One of them is still missing after 10 days at the time of this writing and Saudia is not picking up the phone. Their website to claim compensation for the missingdelayed baggage isnt working. Im extremely frustrated and helpless at the same time. Do yourself a favour, never fly this airline.
Santa Cruz Bolivia to Sao Paulo Brazil. At the airport checkin was easy. It pays to arrive early and avoid the impending line. The counter staff was friendly and they did not charge me for my extra weight about 4 kilos. I was impressed by the new 737 that Aerosur used on this leg  most AeroSur flights use older 727. The flight attendants served a box meal and drinks on a 2 hours flight and we arrived on time. I would use them again for this route.
  Check in was quick and efficient as expected with Singapore Airlines. Lounge access was the Virgin Atlantic Clubhouse, which at that time of day seemed to be devoted to SQ passengers. Lounge service was excellent, with a good selection of food and drinks. Boarding was on time and very efficient, with a personalised welcome on board.. settling in was very easy, as there is so much storage available at the seat and above. Pre take off drinks were offered, but only fruit juice and water, no champagne. No amenity kits offered except by request. Food and drink orders were taken immediately after take off, and serve with sosatie appetisers. Meals were served not long after with a varied choice of mains. Book the Cook is not available ex Johannesburg, and also whilst it is possible to preview the menu, it is not possible to order. Not a problem for us, as we were near the front. Decent wines were on offer, although a somewhat limited choice. Food was good, as was the service. The seat is very comfortable and notably wider than most. Flor sleeping it is necessary to fold down the backrest to create the bed, which is easily done, although attendants were quick to help. The drawback to the bed is a small cubbyhole for the feet offset from the bed, although in use this was not a particular problem, and wwe both slept for most of the flight. Breakfast was offered as and when people woke, and arrival in Singapore on time. As usual immigration was a breeze. Our only downside was we found the entertainment system difficult, but this is probably an age thing. Overall a very good flight
 New York to Stuttgart via Paris. I had a bad experience, on my flight from New York to Paris. Firstly everything was so uncoordinated, the flight got delayed, even the staff from the plane wasnt in yet even though the boarding would be in 5 minutes. While we was flying there were many inconveniences. First the AC was so cold that I froze the whole time, secondly we flew at night 030 and people wanted to sleep but the lights from the airplane were fully on. It was a longer flight but we didnt receive much to eat and when they came by with water, tea, coffee they didnt asked me, just a few passengers.
  Scoot insisted on measuring the weight of my personal bag and the luggage, and they did not care how much you are over the 10kg limit, a fine of close to US$150. Squeezing every penny out of their customers. Would never fly them again. 
  Gatwick to Prague, and never flying with SmartWings again, The ticket was sold to us by Czech Airlines and the flight number is an OK flight codeone so we did not realize it was a Smartwings flight. The baggage allowance is only 15 kg you have to buy every kilogram extra and to take your tennis rackets with you you have to apply for an approval two days before the flight  you cannot do online check in. Everything is difficult and a nightmare to arrange and they keep telling you that you should have read about all of this in their terms and conditions  never flying with them again.
  Lufthansa misplaced 4 out of my 5 suitcases between me and my flight party. They delivered them in the next few day to a week after arrival. I filed a claim and I received a response in January they they will offer a small compensation. I am keep asking about the compensation, money transfer, and I am only getting back basically copy and paste massages that they have transferred the funds and I need to wait few more days. There has never been any transfers. Lufthansa is simply playing some games. Very unprofessional. Today in May 24 2023. 5 month later. Nothing was sent. They even stopped responding to my emails.
 Flynas is a lowcost carrier while the ticket price was 250 USD for a domestic flight from Riyadh to Najran light economy. Flight was cancelled and their call center kept me 30 minutes without answer, their twitter account reply privately that yes it was cancelled because of weather weather was calm, I asked for the next days flight and they replied that no seat was available the online site showed me there was. I asked for the nearby airport to fly from three hours driving, they said no seat was available while flynas.com showed there were 3 flights available.
  Riga to Gatwick. Never flying with Air Baltic again. Made a whole load of people check and weigh their luggage. I knew I was slightly over the weight 400g so removed something from my bag and then put on my pocket.  Partner had to remove things and add to my bag to make his fit though it was fine on the way out. Then they reweighed mine. Luckily ok. Absolute nightmare and they were charging people €60 a pop!
Traveling to and from Northern Cyprus on Sept 6th until 20th from Manchester. Having travelled to many parts of the world this trip is the most horrific we have had. Onurair treatment of passengers the seating room cabin crew and food was the poorest we have ever come across. On the return flight we were forced to change planes to allow other tourists to fly to Holland. We were forced to use an Airbus 321 which should have been retired years ago or several rows of seats removed to improve passenger comfort this part of the whole trip was horrendous even for passengers of normal height under 6ft were doubled up. Never Again.
  I have flown with BA for many years and there was a time about 10 years ago when they were getting better. Sadly this trip underlines how they have slipped versus other airlines. At booking time, one is scammed an extortionate amount to book a seat. At Heathrow T5 check in the queues were unbelievably long and staff at bag drop curt to say the least. The lounges here remain awful and overcrowded and BA has not invested in them for many years. On the flight the food was okay, although portions are kept minimal. This was one of those days when the crew could not give a damn and the service was mostly absent for the entire flight. Next time they change CEO, can they not do better than recruiting from aa second rate, budget Irish airline.
Horrible experience. I booked two round trip tickets from LA  Tokyo and Singapore  Tokyo. Of these four flights, three were delayed by 2, 3, and 6 hours and one was canceled a week prior.  On the flight back to LA, they failed at connecting the passenger bridge for 40 minutes and we had to disembark on the tarmac, 
  I like Air Asia for been a good low cost airlines. But when you have an issue, the problem are starting and you will find nobody at the end for a solution or at least an answer. Air Asia changed the flight schedule by 5 hours and this was not compatible with my holidays. So I asked for a refund on Dec 2. On Dec 16, I went through the long and inefficient talk with robot AVA until I get in the queue for a human agent with n90. After an hour, I got an answer your refund will be done in 2 days. On Dec 20, after playing again with AVA for half an hour, I was granted to the queue with number 144. And after 2 questions, the chat was terminated by the agent or ? and I still not get and answer. But every time the claim case was solved. I guess this is a great satisfaction for Air Asia to close claims, without answering their customer. In fact AVA was better than the agent, but both are inefficient. So I gave up with AVA, and called the phone voicemail service for Air Asia Thailand. I explained my case and  after 24 hours still waiting for a call back when it should have been done in 24 hours. But for urgent case I can contact AVA joke. Form this experience, I notice that the customer service at Air Asia is nonexistent, but also when you consider the price of the ticket must check everything seat, luggage, food, Air Asia is no more advantageous compare to a normal airlines like Malaysia Airlines or Thai. And for a small difference of the fare you can talk to a real agent instead of a stupid robot and incompetent agents. For the future I will be careful before booking at AirAsia, since this company reschedule and cancel flights many times since the start of COVID and the new normal.
 My family flew from Joburg to Sao Paolo via Luanda during Dec 22Jan 23. We were nervous to fly after reading all the bad reviews, but really it was great. Going this route was shorter and a lot cheaper than the available alternatives. All the flights departed on time and arrived on time. Check in, etc. was smooth. We used their Whatsapp enquiry service at some point and got a fairly prompt response. Food was fine though no veg option, service was fine, Luanda airport was fine great coffee!. There is no entertainment on most flights bring a book!, but we had absolutely no problems during any of the flights six flights in total between different family members.
 Subang to Singapore with Firefly. As departure airport is a small airport with little traffic, pushback was quick and flight took off on time, and landed before time. Light refreshments in the form of a snack and a drink were served. There were only 2 cabin crew on this short flight and small aircraft, whom were polite and professional.
  They changed our Flights from Brussels to London Heathrow to LAX on 4162023. We paid extra to choose our seats. Since they cancelled they never honored the seat that we bought, they seated us in totally different seats. I asked the check in employee, she was very rude and told us that we have to understand that was a different flight. From London to LAX was worse, nobody in the airport help us. Employees from BA told us that we have to return next day for our flight we can rent a hotel or go terminal 3 and sleep there. Finally one employee help us and gives a voucher for hotel. It was a nightmare this airline. We missed one day work and BA didnt return the money that we paid for our previous chosen seats.
  Chaotic boarding at Brunei airport, even though this is the airlines base and hub. Wifi doesnt work in the departure lounge and toilet facilities are old, wet, and needing refitting. Very limited options to eat and more shops were closed than open even though it was still early evening before 7pm! Priority boarding for Reserved Seats was not offered, even though it is advertised. They seem to struggle to be able to manage the boarding of large widebodied aircraft flights given the small size of the airport. Onboard the experience was fairly decent. Only one meal was served on this flight lasting almost 8 hours, as they presumed most people would sleep. No amenity kit was provided, though blankets and pillows were at each seat. Free toothbrushes offered in the economy class toilets. Cabin crew were welltrained, hardworking and polite. This airline is consistently sent to the far D gates in Dubai airport, entailing a long walk for passengers on arrival.
  They reschedule the flights constantly. My flight is unrecognisable from the one I booked. I book flights based on timings and convenience of taking 2 young kids with me. Then Go First reschedule them, 3 times so far, to flights that will be utterly miserable, dragging 2 kids through various busy airports, getting bags, changing terminals, waiting for 5 hours, all in the middle of the night instead. And cancel any alternatives which might make the journey any more bearable. Seriously poor airline. Never again.
  They cancelled our flight 2 weeks after booking without any notice, 4 months later we anticipated to take the flight and because we didnt know about the cancellation until the day before, we had to take a 23 hour flight original was 12 hours which included 2 layovers and overnight. 3 months later we have not received any communication about a refund for the expenses incurred during this long flight. Customer service was horrendous and atrocious, they hung up on me and gave us awful options for the flight. Wouldnt even give us a free seat. 
  Kahului to Chicago via San Francisco. This is by far the worst experience. The plane was suppose to depart at 10PM. It was then canceled and moved up by 10 hours for the flight to depart 8AM! When I called the Virgin America Customer Service, they did not have a record of the flight being canceled. After dreadfully waiting in line, the receptionist told me there was a lack of staff. I then called the customer service staff and, they told me the staff cannot work over a certain period of time. Delta had food for the clients as well, but not Virgin. Virgin would offer me no refund or hotel room because of their lack of staff. Lots of people were sleeping at the airport. 
Teeside to Bodrum return. This is the third time with Onur this year and about 8th time overall in the past 2 years. Flight had a slight delay of about 45 mins on the way out and was on time returning and I have not yet ever had a delay of more than 1 hour with most departures on time. The planes are fine legroom no better or worse than some others and the cabin crew tend to be a bit reserved. The drinks and snacks are always costly so no surprises there but the main thing is that the flights have been without problems.
  Another flight with Bulgaria Air from Sofia to Varna. Service in Sofia is always nice. Only noriority fast track, but thats OK. The Bulgaria Air lounge was perfect, as well as the flight. The food was nice, the crew as well. Seat was comfortable. Only two of us in Business Class, which was very good.
  The customer support is almost invisible. They take 1 hour to answer the phone and the chat almost never! They lost one of our luggage and took 4 days to return it, but in the meantime there is nobody we could talk too. The seat and the plane was great. But they really need to improve customer service and baggage handling!
We flew XL France out of Paris. Searching their website was most unhelpful. Unlike Air Asia Tiger Air and Jetstar all are low cost carriers in Asia we found XL France website the least interactive with customers. Our attempts to communicate with XL France to purchase two seat upgrades met with a wall. We had to get friends in Paris to talk to them. Otherwise food in Premium economy was good. What saved. The day was a stewardess who was very professional with her excellent service to all. Leaving today 2013 for Paris fm Cancun and am told by XL I can only purchase an upgrade at the airport. So it means leaving early to wait in queue. You wished XL France could be more customer friendly.
 Rome to Kuwait City. After reading all those low review votes I was pretty nervous but I just want to let people know that I was really glad to fly with them nice meals, nice staff, I had a really wonderful flight with them.
I have experienced wonderful hospitality, food and beverage that is above average and quite delicious. The lounge is spacious and with good food, some even made to order. I got the excellent 121 new style flat bed pod seat, very private and great to relax in for a 5 hours flight. AVOD has limited choice, but for a regional airlines thats ok. Upon return, check in queue is short and efficient, using a shared lounge on 4th floor at DPS airport. The return flight experience was as good as the last. All in all, I am very impressed by this flight and feels confidence to use them again for going to Bali, which is at a fraction of the price to two of the big airlines who fly this route direct.
Guernsey to Paris return via Jersey last weekend. Outbound flights and connections went well with great cabin service including champagne lager tea coffee and good quality rolls and snacks. Return flight was disappointing. An elderly aircraft really showing its age. In fact the seats in the row in front of us were a completely different style to the rest! The air conditioning didnt work which was unfortunate on such a hot day particularly as we had to sit in the plane on the tarmac at Paris for around 25 mins. Some of the nosmoking signs didnt illuminate  not a problem but reinforced the impression of a rather shabby plane. Very cheerful cabin crew. Arrived in Jersey for our connecting flight to Guernsey only to be told it had been cancelled  it was a bank holiday Monday and apparently they never operate that flight on bank holidays and we should never have been able to book it through their website! So what should have been a one hour connection at Jersey turned into 2.5 hours. Again not a huge problem but for an airline that pitches itself as something above the norm it was a bit disappointing. Fares were good value and flight times to and from Paris were convenient aside from the delay on the return.
  Haikou to Wuhan return on the same day. I have my seat allocated to the first economy row and my preferred seat. The cabin service is on a very high standard under the operation of Cabin Purser. I was offered very delicious food and drinks on the flights.  I would like to praise the English skill of Cabin Purser this time.  Thank you Hainan Airlines.
  Terrible experience with Regent Air. I booked a round trip ticket from Singapore to Dhaka. The departing flight was delayed for 4 hours without any prior notice. The return flight was canceled without minimal effort to make an alternative arrangement. The staff are rude and abusive in attitude. No sign of apology in their faces despite creating so much inconvenience. 
  Domestic flight AccraTamale. 1hr flight. One time in both directions. Water, juice and snack fish or meat pie, savoury biscuits provided on this short flight more than you get on BA domesticEuropean flights three days. Friendly and very polite cabin crew. Marvellous captain who gave great information about the flight. Joint venture between Hainan Airlines China, Hahn Airways and Ghanian investors. An excellent service which makes domestic travel much easier in Ghana
 Jet Airways is a third class airline. I booked the ticket from Ahmedabad to Mumbai but after 2 days I got the message that they cancelled the flight for operation reasons. So I called customer care executive with holding line 1.45 hrs and make arrangement in another flight. Unluckily that flight was also canclled with same reason and arranged for another flight. Same thing happened 4 to 5 times. Finally last flight also canclled with same reason.
 Our flight was leaving from Toronto to Cancun at 6am so we had be there 2 hours early for check in we live 45 hours away from airport so we drove all night without sleeping, they checked us and boarded the plane FULL. Told us were waiting for luggage to load, about an hour later captain says he is canceling flight everyone off plane. Swoop has no answers or refunds or other flights to offer anyone on the plane so most of us just kind of stuck here. No other flights heading to Cancun until the next night  basically ruined my trip. My hotel was cancelled as it was an all inclusive trip, flight and hotel. Swoop has the worst customer service couldnt get thru to them online, by phone and even the representative at counter had no answers for all these angry travelers. Do yourself a favor and DO NOT BOOK WITH SWOOP.
 Its been 8 months since my terrible experience with TAP. Warning! Do not fly with this airline. Got to airport and found that flight had to stop midway and that it couldnt get to us. Had to spend the night. TAP would not get us a hotel room. Said they would reimburse us. Ive been trying for 8 months and I still get the same email reply from them. Of course our flight the next day was delayed hours causing us to miss our connection in Lisbon. Zero luck getting reimbursed on that as well. Dont expect any reimbursements from these people. Its amazing theyre still flying. Ive seen my comments repeated often times in these reviews of TAP. Im sorry, but that isnt business class. All I can say is read all the comments. Stay away from TAP!
  New York JFK to Port of Spain. The worst service all around except for the one lady who gave me a smile on the way back to NY. Went to Trinidad for 2 days to attend a funeral so tickets were booked at last minute. After calling several times to their customer service line I was given a price that was higher than online. The lady was rude and of no help. Booked tickets online, of course double the usual price but thats expected, not sure why. The planes were dirty, crew to and from were not friendly, makeup on the ladies was a mess, bathrooms are a mess, seats hard and dirty and extremely uncomfortable. My seat couldnt recline which resulted in a backpain that lasted a day and half. Not nice especially when you have to go to work as soon as youre out of the airport. I didnt bother to eat the food, the carts were dirty too. By far the worst airline Ive traveled in. Wish I had other options but they were the only one flying at that time.
 Davao to Manila. Swift checking again, having used this airline many times when travelling internally in the Philippines and I cannot fault their service. Crew are always friendly, cabin always clean more so price wise very competitive.
  Da Nang to Ho chi Minh with Jetstar Pacific. Do not book this airline. They changed the flight from 10.55hrs to 20.00hr without mailing or otherwise notifying us. Vietnam Airlines ground service staff had hard work to book a lot of passengers who, like us, because absurdly late for connecting international flights in Saigon. Ground service were ok.
  Zipair has the worst customer service. The check in employees at Narita airport are rude and unprofessional. When you try to contact them via phone, they tell you that communication is via email only. When you email customer service and you question them or disagree with anything, they will ghost you. I do not recommend this company.
My experience with this Airline in Puerto Rico was awful. I had a fly from Boston to San Kitts. When I got to San Juan, I found a note that said the the fly to Saint Kitts was cancelled due to the storm. I looked for LIAT staff and I was unable to find one. I tried calling all the numbers listed on the note. I showed up at the airport yesterday at 440 AM trying to get to the next available flight. When I got there they told me it was not guaranteed that I was going to fly to St. Kitts. I was left in San Juan for 3 days. There was a flight to leave after 7 hours they boarded everyone but me and my 10 year old daughter. They gave every passenger a voucher for breakfast but us, yelling at me saying that I did not qualify for the voucher.  Staff told me that there was a flight to Antigua the next day but she could only accommodate one of us. My daughter is 10 years old. The next flight was on the first.  Another passenger offer to give his sit and she refused. How do you recuperate from this?
  Beijing to Denpasar Bali. Disappointed by Garuda Indonesia on this specific service, especially when compared to their other A330 flights from Denpasar or Jakarta to Australian destinations. The aircraft is older than most other A330 services built in 1998 and its interior appears to have stayed the same, with no inflight entertainment screens, comparably tiny overhead baggage bins, seat pitch of around 31 inches in an all economy layout. It seems like GA operates most of its oldest aircraft in all economy configurations on flights from Indonesia to Beijing, due to the comparatively high percentage of tourists who are very sensitive to price. However, at a similar price to other both Chinese airlines and international ones offering a connection, its definitely a hard one for GA to stand out from the crowd, even if at a comparatively lower price. However, on the good side, the fantastic cabin crew service as well as its food is still shown on this flight.
  Brilliant...a bit shook up to be taken to a plane covered in Jet2 branding. Is this the right one? Are we being kidnapped? But the staff were super. The pilot sounded as annoyed as us passengers when he informed us that despite us all getting on board in very good time, we may be delayed by 1h 15m presumably because other planes due to depart before us being delayed. He must have argued the case very well as we were only 35 minutes late taking off. It was also a 757, rather than a 737 which undoubtedly Jet2 would have used. This meant that once up in the air, it became apparent there was lots of empty rows. Anyone that fancied a kip could get themselves a row and bed down for the flight. Only downside was none of the cabin crew stood in for Jess Glynn and sang Come And Take My Hand. The end of holiday experience just missed that little touch. Many thanks for fetching us home though, Titan.
Antananarivo to Paris. It was my mistake, I had been warned about Air Madagascar. But my lovely agency in London felt that it would be fine. The flight out had no inflight entertainment they never bothered with the headsets, the flight back was actually 3 cancelled flights I had only been delayed 14 hours some had been waiting for 2 days. So nearly 12 hours, no inflight entertainment, no hot water, so no tea or coffee. We didnt see a soul for 8 hours. I have been working in Madagascar so have had a few flights. On this trip one flight was brought forward 5 hours and then took off 30 mins early. I feel sorry for the staff, they do their best, but the management of this airline reflects the government they just dont care about the people  customers.
   I bought a ticket through AirAsia website for a flight on the 21st of August Sunday, from Chiang Mai to Kuala Lumpur. I received an email last Saturday, notifying me that the flight had been canceled due to operational reasons. I tried to understand what these reasons were but I could only contact an automated bot. I eventually got to talk with a socalled live agent had to wait in queue for 3 hours that pretended he was typing the 3 dots premessage symbol showed up for like 5 minutes and eventually the conversation expired. I came to understand that the flight they sold me AK 857 doesnt operate on Sundays. I have another ticket bought from them, for the 25th August Thursday, from KL to Krabi AK 868 and I already checked Flightaware and found out that the flight only operates on Monday, Wednesday and Friday. I asked for a refund for the flight that got cancelled by AirAsia, but so far I havent got my money back and from the looks of it, Im understanding that the same situation will arise with the KL to Krabi flight. Dont trust AirAsia flights and always check on several sites if the flights actually exist and operate on the days they are selling them.
On our honeymoon to SA we flew Kulula from Durban to Cape Town. Friendly and very helpful BAstaff in Durban asking if Id like to have an exit seat being 67ft this is usually the seat I am sitting in. It takes a while to get used to the bright green interior and the green shirts and blue jeans of the cabin crew but service was friendly sandwiches were tasty and prices for the snacks were moderate. Flight took almost two hours and crew offered trolley services twice. Baggage was delivered within five minutes after arrival in CPT. I would choose that cool airline again next time it is refreshingly different!
  My wife and I have exclusively used Alaska Airlines for the past 15 years with great satisfaction. On the last trip in June we found they have changed! They no longer provide even adequate service but dont care for their customers in the least and will lie when they get caught in bad service. I have 150,000 miles and my wife has 124,000 miles Both Elite and MVP customers. But they treated us poorly, didnt care that we fly first class or anything, I was actually threatened by a gate agent supervisor and her supervisor. Customer Service didnt care less and just ignored us. They have changed for the worst.
  Completely unreliable and dishonest. Checked in for my flight 2.5 hrs in advance. Was told that because I checked in late I couldnt be guaranteed a seat on the flight that Id booked and paid for, but they would try to put me on one of the departing flights for the day. When booking with easyjet just be aware that paying for a ticket in a flight doesnt guarantee you a seat on that flight.
 First, when trying to manage our booking, it didnt accept our booking ref.no., but it accepted the eticket number. Our flight is from Phnom Penh to Colombo via Kuala Lumpur self checkin in KL. It only gave me itinerary for the flight from Phnom Penh to Kuala Lumpur and only for one traveler, altough there are two of us. While trying to manage our booking, the booking confirmation was sent to a weird and suspicious email and my contact number was removed and changed into a Chinese phone number. After I changed this strange email to my email address, I received the booking confirmation in Chinese only. All this made us very suspicious and we tried to contact AirAsia office with a number from their website. However, the phone operator informed me that this number doesnt exist. We are now not sure what to do.
  This airline is totally unbelievable. Our flight schedule was 9.15 pm and when we arrived Vancouver airport to check in, we were notified that the flight was delayed to 1 am! We didnt receive any email notification. After checking in our luggage, we went home. We returned to the airport and found the flight was further delayed to 145 am. Again, no notification. The flight landed Vancouver airport around 115 am and then passengers came out. Right after that we were boarded. The seat was dirty and I doubt there was any check up on the airplane. When we arrived Calgary it was 430 am and after getting our luggage it was 5 am. We booked a hotel at the airport and it was totally wasted. All we got from the airline was a $10 each food coupon and a card for us to call the customer service. For a flight of 1 hour and 15 minutes, a 4.5 hours delay is totally unacceptable. I will not recommend this airline to anyone.
  Mauritius to Chennai. Since the plane was overbooked, I was upgraded to business class. My first notion on the journey was that it would be a hectic journey as I has to travel overnight. But the attendants onboard the aircraft made sure to keep me as comfortable as possible. The seats were excellent, cabin service was outstanding. Staff was well trained, polite and professional. I would recommend flying in the business class on this airline.
  Seoul to Hanoi on 29th February booked through Air Canada. I arrived into Seoul on United Airlines from San Francisco and by the time I got to the gate for my next flight, I found out that the flight had been canceled  I received no information about the cancellation. I asked staff to guide me to who I need to talk to or where to changerebook my flight to Hanoi. But none of them could help me, they all said I dont know. I ended up staying one night at the airport and bought my own ticket to Hanoi the next day. I couldnt believe that they canceled my flight without informing me, and staff were so  rude. to me..
  Ljubljana to Munich. Adrias checkin system is obviously barely coping. It wasnt possible to obtain an electronic boarding pass iphone wallet version from Adrias site. The option was there but it failed without any further explanation. Further more I was not able to checkin to return flight online  neither through Adria nor Lufthansa web site. In the end I made it via Lufthansa mobile app. Go figure. Both issues were reported to customer care and both were ignored. I experienced the same customer care policy couple of years ago when my inquiry with customer support was basically ignored. Flight was actually operated by a Romanian company Carpatair. The cabin was outdated and dirty with a funny smell lingering around. The latter stuck to my clothes for the day  not that great if you are meeting a client. Cabin crew was also quite disorganised and mixed up orders of all passengers sitting around me. Would not fly again. Unfortunately they are the only company offering a direct flight from LJU to MUC.
 The pandemic is nearing its end, and this companies website will not load its change reservationbooking page and their telephone system works periodically. On top of that they tried to charge me nearly £350 to change a flight. Absolutely disgraceful behaviour. I found the flight for the same money elsewhere as what they wanted to change the flight. A flight they charged me £500 for originally. Never again. Burnt, but learnt.
SHA to HKG with B737800. The seat was comfortable but legroom was quite tight. The cabin attendants were friendly and spoke good English. The meal was good surprisingly sandwich on Chinese airline!. The flight entertainment was not available even though there was ear phone socket and they played some documentary on the overhead monitors.
  Chisenau was our layover stop between London and Krasnodar and our plane with Air Moldova was delayed for a substantial amount of time, leaving us worried that we would miss our next flight. However, we were able to board our plane to Krasnodar, thanks to the staff at Air Moldova. Knowing that we, along with a couple of other passengers, were getting close to missing our next plane, the cabin staff ensured that we were the first to disembark the plane. Once at the Chisenau airport, staff took us directly to our next plane, which would have taken us much longer if the kind staff had not taken us via the quickest route. Without them, we would have definitely missed our flight.
  This is the worst business class trip I have taken. Flight delayed by 2 hours. When we take off no proper catering options, just given a tray of unrecognisable western dish chicken? and then asked if want to order the dinner meal before arrival  a choice of scrambled egg or porridge   who eats breakfast for dinner? Staff were polite but the cabin was too hot and the entertainment selection is appalling.
 Delayed flight for over three hours with no explanation. Once on board the flight attendant or the pilot told us the repair of a broken flight attendant seat took longer than expected. All of this after trying to find another flight after canceling my flight after midnight. I happened to look at my phone for the time at 1215 and saw they cancelled the flight. I spent the next six hours waiting for a human being to book us on a flight from a different airport. Beyond disgusted with the lack of care shown by the airline and the employees. Very little done to convince me to fly with them again. No longer do they go the extra mile. The app is useless. The website is useless. Oops try again. We are unable to complete your request at this time. The return flight is now scheduled for 1242 AM and totally doesnt sync with connecting flight in Boston. Their attitude is Oh well. I totally feel unwanted by this airline. Not that anyone from Jetblue would read this. They are flailing and failing. Id rate them a ZERO if I could.
  Amsterdam to Simferopol via Moscow. I would like to compliment and thank Aeroflot for their excellent services. Since I arrived with an international flight SU2193  SU2694 and continued my trip with a domestic one SU1644  SU1637 via Sheremetyevo Airport and the new B terminal I was quite worried about not receiving my luggage  which proved to be a needless worry. I also noticed stewards and stewardesses on the domestic planes had become more professional. The meals served were very welcome and tasty. Aeroflot must be one of the few airline companies to date that still includes meals.
This is my third time this year flying with US Airways and American Airlines and this is the third time my flight has been delayed or cancelled. Most recently, there was a delay of one hour without any reason, therefore delaying everyone for their connecting flights. I missed my connecting flight and they had no sympathy whatsoever. Only flights were the next day and they wouldnt give me any compensation for their failures. Never again US airways. Never.
  This airline doesnt even deserve 1 star if you ask me. Myself, along with a group of friends had booked a round trip from Vancouver to Peurto Escondido with a connection in Mexico City. After booking our trip, our flights had been changed at least 4 times leaving us with a 6 hour layover in Mexico City which none of us were happy with, as we had planned on arriving in Puerto earlier that day. Because of this change we all decided to book a flight that would get us to our destination sooner, therefore missing our connecting flight. We assumed everything was fine as all of us continued to receive emails regarding our trip home with Aeromexico, we were even able to check in for our flights online. Little did we know, because we had decided to miss that connection in Mexico City, Aeromexico decided to cancel all of our return trips with no notice. We found this out because a friend of ours had left a day early and gave us a heads up so we called the airline. They were able to reactivate some of our tickets but 3 of our friends were forced to pay another $1200 to buy seats on the same flight back that they initially had. They also do not put the correct gate on the boarding pass or light board which makes for a very stressful airport experience.
  Had priority boarding and extra handluggage booked that means 2 pieces, 1 with 8 kg, a 2nd smaller bag with unspecified weight  At airport I was told despite my booking for extra hand luggage I was only permitted one piece, restricted to 8 kg  I had 9,2 kg and was told I would need to remove 1,2 kg  I remarked that since I had booked extra I was Fine with the 1 item rule, but felt I should be permitted a bit more weight. That was rejected. I had to put on extra clothes  There was no priority boarding I contacted customer service, asking for a refund. Extra luggage service not provided  no additional weight permitted  no additional luggage in board permitted  no priority boarding provided. Eurowings denied refund arguing that rules can change. I maintained that it is ok to change rules, but in case of no service provision a refund or voucher is in order. 
  I flew with my daughter and 3 year old grandson from Houston to Mexico City. the flight was delayed 3 hours. Very hard when you travel with a toddler. My daughter and grandson flew back to Houston with Interjet within a week. Again, flight was delayed for several hours. My return was scheduled for November 19, 2019. For medical reasons, I had to reschedule my return and called Interjet listed numbers none of them work and when I was finally able to reach a working number, I was held on the line, after listening for over 30 minutes to their nonstop deals the line disconnected. This happened every day, a week prior to my scheduled return. Finally, my daughter placed a threeway telephone conference call from Houston to Mexico City to Interjet. This time, we continued to listen to their incessant deals for 40 minutes ... again, call dropped. I was unable to reschedule a flight back home at a later date and I was not able to show up at the airport. What for? I could not travel on November 19 and neither was I able to speak to a representative to explain my situation. Consequently, I assume I lost my ticket and will have to buy another one? However,my only option was to send an email to Interjet, prior to my departure, to document in writing my daily failed attempts to reach them, my frustration, waste of time, and worst possible customer service.
  Pontianak to Jakarta on board Boeing 737800 NG. The check in process is smooth and the ground staff was kind and helpful. The cabin crew was nice and polite. This point makes me amazed that The flight was really on time for departure and arrival to Jakarta. Overall, it is good journey with Lion Air and I recommended.
  I flew Kenya Airways to travel to Dubai for a conference on the 4th of December 2022. My luggage was delayed and as such was not available when I landed in Dubai on the 5th December. As such I needed to incur expenses to purchase clothing and undergarments in order to be able to attend the conference. My luggage was returned to me on the 6th of December. I submitted a claim for my expenses to customer care at Kenya Airways on 12 December. I have yet to receive any assistance from the airline to date despite following up multiple times. The only feedback that I have received is receipt of my email and advice that they have escalated my claim. I will NEVER travel Kenya Airways again and would not advise anyone to travel via this airline either.
  I flew Thai AirAsia from Bangkok DMK to Seoul ICN and I had a nice safe flight. Thai AirAsia ground staff and the airport staff have been very kind, polite and helpful all the ground process were very smooth. The checkin process was fast without line. The Cabin Crew members provided an excellent service. Pilots kept us informed before and during the fight. boarding was fast and smooth. The aircraft cabin was clean and comfortable, the temperature was really good not too cold or too hot. I payed 49$ for an extra package during my booking process for 20 kilos extra, a meal and pre selection of the seat. Food was delicious, tasty and different options were available for sale. Duty free products are many and nice, great opportunities for shopping. Seat is comfortable and it is possible to recline back the seat, space was okay for 5 hors flight. Blankets are available for rent for 150thb The flight was on time, I will fly again Thai AirAsia.
  I made the unfortunate mistake of booking with Sunwing in mid December for a trip to Mexico over the holidays. Due to pandemic related concerns, I used their Worry Free Cancellation to cancel the trip on December 17. I was provided with a voucher reference number and was told it would take a month to be issued. I contacted Sunwing at the beginning of February to rebook and was told my voucher had not been processed and a timeline for issuing it could not be provided. Disappointing to say the least. Questionable business practices based on the many reviews with the exact same experience. A company to be avoided at all costs.
  Aeromexico changed my flight twice before our scheduled departure date and our outgoing flight turned out to be an overnight layover. They offered no hotel accommodations and wanted to send my luggage to the final destination. After 2.5 hours of waiting at our 1st arrival, we recovered our luggage so we can wash up before our next flight. Again, no accommodations were given or food vouchers. Our flight going home, same thing  7 hour layover and no food vouchers to eat while waiting at the airport. We were forced to buy the overpriced food at the airport both times. We lost 2 days of vacation because Aeromexico changed our flight! Also, the WiFi did not work on the flight home and the plane was much smaller, making it a very long and uncomfortable ride after waiting 7 hours at the airport. Do not fly with Aeromexico. They do not care about their passengers. They want to squeeze as many people into 1 plane as possible, even if it means changing your schedule.
Just flown back from Northern Cyprus both flights were very good especially the return flight. The cabin crew were great the plane very modern and comfortable. Inflight drinks and food were better than most other airlines.
  Flight was expensive, Thai Airways required Covid Health insurance cost over $50 per person. The plane was outdated, lavatory was very basic, food was  poor quality without choice, plastic cutlery.  Extremely low on staff, no one attended the request on multiple occasion. No wifi and basic entertainment. In summary Thai Airways service lack the basics. 
Venice  Tunis and Monastir  Nice. Tunisair impressed me again! They serve hot tasty meal on flights that are in the air for only 1 hour 10 minutes. Crew is only bilingual Arabic and French which is fun.
  vBerlin to Delhi via Helsinki. 10 hours before 9pm my journey I test positive for COVID 19 so like any reasonable human being I contact all my close contacts about the same, since Finnair customer care is anyway not open post 8pm in Germany. The next day I contacted Finnair about my situation and that I have missed my flight due to covid requesting a reschedule of my onward journey. The quote they propose for the new onward journey seemed a bit high as there were better options that flew directly to my desired destination thus, I suggested them to just keep my return journey from Delhi to Berlin. They do not reply to my email for a day and the next day informed me that since I missed my onward journey now my return journey is also cancelled. A journey which I had paid to upgrade from economy to business. The customer service is extremely rude and has no sense of empathy. The entire airline operates without a sense of caring about their guests and is just looking to scam the customer in its operating methods. I would highly suggest anyone to not fly this airline, you will be better off with the middle eastern carriers always because they always at least care about their guests, the customer service at Finnair is coldhearted with no empathy towards their guests health. If you book your ticket from an agent then this is probably the worst airline service that I have encountered to date as they simply tend to pass the buck on the agent, a behaviour that I have never seen with other flag carriers like AF, SQ, EY or QT
  Yangon to Singapore. Very Nice Trip. Flight on time and seat is comfortable Flight attendants are very friendly and very impressed. This is my first time flown with lost cost airlines but they make me very impressed. Starting from the purser to all the cabin crew all are very friendly and they talk very polite and a very comfortable flight. They also remind passengers to notice the time difference between Yangon Myanmar and Singapore. Both landing and take off was smooth. I will choose Jetstar again because of them. Wish I will meet them soon on the coming future.
  Returning as cheaply as possible Perth to Bangkok. Booked 2 weeks before the flight on 17th, COVID19 was already disrupting transport, Singapore was days from closing Changi, and Thailand obviously close to closing BKK and I was using visa exempt so concerned. No problem at check in, flight left on time, guess 15 full. I regard Scoot as really too good for a cheapo, seat is same as full service airline, of course no drink, food, entertainment, and only 10kg but I pay to be transported. In Changi told that flight SIN to BKK was consolidated 4 x 320 into 1, so an 8 hour delay, a potential refund was mentioned but no use to myself to be stuck in Singapore. Good flight 320 to BKK about half full and on time and allowed into Thailand, phew! BKK empty, through immigration and in taxi before ETA. Actually better than usual good Scoot flights as flight crew not so insistent of pushing expensive food, coffee, drinks, guess they were all on notice, I wish them well and base my 1010 of their consolidating my flight as driven by economic necessity. Hope they survive and in a similar way.
  This airline is undoubtedly the worst Ive ever encountered. Prepare yourself for a mindboggling level of disorganization and sheer incompetence. They take delay torment to a whole new level, making you suffer through agonizing 6hour delays with zero explanation. And as if thats not enough, they have the audacity to charge you a ridiculous $25 fee just to attempt to reach their socalled customer service phone line, only to have them hang up on you without a care in the world. Picture this youre already subjected to a mindnumbing 6hour delay, and on top of that, they have the gall to demand $25 from you for the privilege of contacting them. 
Hanoi to Singapore via Ho Chi Minh. This is my first time take Jetstar Pacific and it will be the last. Delay, change of schedule, poor customer service, looks very cheap but you will pay a charge for baggage while it is cabin size. Not recommended.
  Iberias flight and service were great. The issue is with their baggage service. They delivered over 1.5 hours after landing leading to missing a connecting flight. The next available flight was the next day. Had to pay for one night at a hotel and breakfast. Iberia would not reimburse the cost.
  Flew New York JFK to Paris CDG. Worst airline ever that I have ever flown with. The seats were terribly uncomfortable, there is no amount of perks that can be had that offsets this. I almost thought it was me that was the problem but after flying with 3 other airlines on our European trip it was XL that was the problem. We flew with 3 other airlines and confirmed that XL Airways one of the worst airlines we have ever used. Choice between XL and walking, Im walking.
  Dubai to New Delhi. I had booked the flight well in advance in order to get decent fare, however the airline just before 2 weeks of departure rescheduled the timing. First of all I dont understand how can the flight be cancelled 2 weeks before. Further after checking new rates for Dubai to New Delhi, I found that the fares got increased. So, my doubt that my flight was rescheduled as I had paid low fare and the airline was being greedy and changed the flight for me. Cheap tricks followed by airlines in order to benefit but still they are suffering and reporting losses. I appreciate that I will be getting full refund but the airline should be penalized and they should reimburse the passengers more than the fare paid for  harassment as well as again struggling to find booking as per required time
  Being the only airlines that flies direct from Hong Kong to Penang, Cathay Dragon codeshares with CX and MH etc. I bought my ticket on MH much cheaper that way! and was able to select this outbound flight with no extra charge. They use a regional business class 222 product for this route. It is a spacious recliner type seat, which was good enough for short to medium haul fights. For this 3hour flight, their service was impeccable, warm and smiling. Cabin was less than half full, so it was very quite and relaxing. The meal was good too, with 3 choices, portion a bit small but sufficient, and quite tasty. Cathay Dragon managed to get us there a little ahead of schedule, which was very impressive. I will not hesitate to use them again in future.
Copenhagen to Vagar Faroe Islands, and the Atlantic Airways A319 was still quite new and had the feature of mood lighting which you dont see on many European short haul aircraft. The cabin layout was very nice. The food was simple, but good  a nice little wrap, salad with fresh salmon, bread and little miniRittersport chocolate. Very surprised that only 45 minutes after the meals  drinks service they did a second drink service a full aircraft on a 2.05hr flight!. The service was friendly and the lady who served me was most charming. A simple short haul flight, but very pleasant!
  New York to Gatwick return. Norwegian has a promotion whereby one can bid to upgrade to a Premium seat. A few days prior to our return to JFK, we bid, and our $1275 bid was accepted and paid for, as we were notified by email. When we got to the airport, we discovered that our bid not been honored there were no seats for us in Premium, but we had been put on standby. It was only after some heated haggling at the gate that we got seat assignments, but they were worse than our originals, and not contiguous. So a tremendous inconvenience, resolved only after much discussion. After many exchanges with Norwegian Air customer service, they refunded the $1275 upgrade bid. The goodwill gesture they were prepared to make for not honoring our bid, putting us on standby and then giving us worse seats than we originally paid for was $270. Pretty shocking. 
  Singapore  Medan, MI234, 16 April 2016, 6C. Transit in Singapore. Checkedin from the previous destination. Ground service was a little bit disappointing, they had changed my seats without notifying me by email or phone and because I already had my boarding pass from the previous destination I did not go to the transfer counter. However, I did not have any passengers in the middle and window seat so I could see the view and easily get out for toilet without disturbing other passengers. The seat was good and new. The cabin crews were okay. I tried the IFE by WiFi as this is one of their facilities onboard, it was great but had less choice. Food was decent for a short haul flight. Overall, it was great but pricey for a short haul flight.
We a couple in our sixties had booked a return flight without knowing how bad Peruvian Airlines were. On the way from Lima to Cuzco we were bumped twice and left hanging at the airport with no food, changed gate twice, and eventually left 7 hours later. The excuse was weather but approx 6 flights from even the smallest other airlines continued to fly  it was perfectly clear when we eventually landed and the locals said it was fine all day. So total lie by this airline. No service whatsoever. On our return journey arrived at airport 3 hours early only to find a line of approx 160 people I did a head count whose previous flight had been cancelled. Stood in line for over 1 hour with one junior at the desk, not one bag or check in was done. All staff abandoned desk and refused to talk to anybody at all. Crowd was angry and baying for blood. Found out our flight was also likely to be cancelled with no reason. I went to windows and noticed no planes from this pack of idiots anywhere so ran to LAN and bought two new tickets   yes, more expensive plus I lost my other airfare but perfect service. The lady from LAN told me it happens almost daily with Peruvian.
  Los Angeles to Reykjavik. The only reason I considered this airline is because it was the only direct flight and they had big seats, that we could upgrade to so I thought why not. We paid a lot extra to get the biggest seats, plus bags, meals etc. Well, the night before the flight, we check in and they have put us in standard seats with no extra legroom. They have four types of seats and they put us in the very smallest despite us paying several hundred dollars more per ticket for bigger seats. So, I call the customer service line and they just tell me that I will have to file a claim when I get back! So, my husband calls and they move our seats to what they say are bigger seats. Guess what? They were standard seats on the seat map. So, at that gate they start selling our seats that we already paid for as upgrades! So, my husband goes up and tries to find out why they are selling seats we already paid for and they just offer him some other seats that are supposedly XL but they are in the back of the plane. He says, we dont want seats that dont recline. They say they do recline. So, he agrees and they try to charge him again for an upgrade! Guess what? They are regular standard seats and they dont recline and for extra good measure the plug between the seats doesnt work on either row of seats that they put us in. This was on an overnight flight with my 8yearold daughter. So, it comes to our return flight  same scenario. They put us in regular standard seats. We called the night before and my husband paid for another upgrade even though we already purchased their highest tier because he doesnt want to argue with them, we just wanted better seats. So, they move our seats, but when we get to the airport, they put us back in the regular standard seats! So, we spent the entire 3 hours at the airport trying to get better seats by talking to 3 different service desks, to no avail. We tell the crew when we get on the plane in case they have any extra decent seats and they offer us one free water. Plugs dont work on this flight either. Every single person we dealt with told us our seats were XL until I showed them the seat map and they will charge you for upgrades in seats that arent upgrades at all. Everyone just said youll have to file a claim. Guess what. When I filed a claim when we got back, they declined it and said that we had to contact customer service. Customer Service claimed that they dont deal with refunds. His message told me that I would have to go through an airline rights group. So, they basically tried to steal our money and make it as difficult as possible to get some of our money back. We never got our meals that we paid for or our seats. You are taking a huge risk flying this airline because even if they cancel your flight, you might not get your money back based on their customer service practices of denying legitimate claims. My only solace is that I already convinced two people not to fly this airline. I hope I can continue to convince.
SYDRUNSEZ. Very attentive crew . Good and adequate food crew offering water . Leather seats comfortable and clean 777300. More IFE options of movies and other programmes would make it better.
  I do not recommend traveling with Cayman Airways. If possible, avoid it, especially if it is to travel to Cuba. I traveled round trip Miami  Havana with a stopover in Grand Cayman. On the way back, the flight from Havana was delayed a few minutes and when we arrived in Grand Cayman, the plane that was supposed to take us to Miami was leaving. When claiming, both the immigration agent and the airline representatives told us that this is a common occurrence. The immigration agent laughed as the plane left. He got upset and treated me badly because I said that it wasnt funny, that we had to work the next day, and that we had paid including the connecting flight. We found it very irresponsible that they did not make sure to wait for the missing passengers, even more so knowing that the flight was almost arriving. The worst thing is that, as I said before, this situation is frequent, and that the immigration agent did not show any empathy, it was very Im unpleasant. No recomiendo viajar con Cayman Airways. Si es posible, evitenla, especialmente si es para viajar a Cuba. Viaj ida y vuelta Miami  Habana con escala en Gran Cayman. Al regreso el vuelo de la Habana se atras unos minutos y al llegar a Gran Cayman el avin que deba llevarnos a Miami estaba saliendo. Al reclamar, tanto el agente de inmigracin como los representantes de la aerolnea nos dijeron que eso es comn que ocurra. El agente de inmigracin se ri al ver que el avin se fue. Se molest y me trat mal al decirle que eso no era gracioso, que tenamos que trabajar al siguiente da, y que habamos pagado incluyendo el vuelo de conexin. Nos pareci muy irresponsable que no se aseguraran de esperar a los pasajeros que faltaban, an ms sabiendo que ya el vuelo estaba al llegar. Lo peor es que, como ya dije antes, esa situacin es frecuente, y que el agente de inmigracin no mostr ninguna empata, fue muy desagradable
  I have always been a regular traveler for Air Asia since it started year during the late 90s. And thanks to Air Asia, I had been to many countries that I had never thought I would be going. This May 2018 Im flying for the first time to Shanghai via Kuala Lumpur from Miri. My flight was suppose to be 530pm but it was delayed until 8pm, and my connection flight was 1130pm from Kuala Lumpur to Shanghai. The time I arrived Kuala Lumpur its already 1045pm and I have to run like crazy person in order to get to my departure gate. The seat was not comfortable for the 5 hours flight, but I had flown before more than 5 hours, so, I have to accept the seat was meant to be like this, and I just need to find my own way to have a good rest. I would say the best part of the flight was the food actually, which I preordered and I really enjoy the meal. I like also the interaction between the Cabin Crew with the passengers. I would definitely fly again and again. As long as the price is affordable, and the food is good!
  Terrible experience with luggage. Had an amount allocated on my ticket, staff would not allow it, said it was over. Very rude and unhelpful staff when checking in my luggage. Told to re pack my case. Not terribly friendly cabin staff. Half full plane on my journey, would not allow passengers to use empty seats. Ridiculous and a first on a flight for me. I have previously been able to use unoccupied seats. Massive amount of single use plastic on this flight, shocking. Really nice food. Hopefully never have to fly with The pride of Africa again!
  Bangkok to Osaka. Smooth check in and efficient seat allocation. They didnt check cabin baggage weight nor size. Had to buy food and drinks as refused internet preorder because we used a travel agent. Seats ok but a night flight which was very uncomfortable. Saw in the inflight magazine we could upgrade enroute to premium economy  a good idea. For B7,000 a good flight.
  Real business class for 2ourflight. Seats in 2x2 configuration, aperitif and diner served. Dinner was cold dishes only  why? if it was a warm dish I would applause. Cabin crew was as professional and nice. WIFI works good and free.
I have travelled on Air Koryo frequently for almost seven years mainly between BeijingPyongyang and occasionally ShenyangPyongyang. Flights are usually on IL62 sometimes on TU154 or TU134. On one occasion on an IL18 from Vladivostok to Pyongyang. During the SARS period in 2003 when flights to China were suspended Air Koryo arranged several flights to Bangkok. The IL62 has a reputation of being a very safe aircraft. Air Koryo pilots are most capable especially in Spring when high winds and duststorms from China are experienced. Once our flight to Beijing was unable to land due to strong winds and diverted to Tianjin for 2 hours. Air Koryo is generally punctual even departing Pyongyang Sunan Airport on time in snowy conditions. The flight attendants are charming but loose luggage in overhead racks not closed bins is of some concern to passengers also the quantities of additional hand baggage carried on board and stacked up loosely in the rear of the aircraft. The meals referred to by other persons are only served on the inbound flights to Pyongyang. Outbound flights serve hamburgers and soft drinks and beer occasionally coffee or tea. There have been comments about the lack of safety announcements. Indeed the PA system is hardly audible. Only once do I recall was there a demonstration of the use of lifejackets as we flew over water from Vladivostok to Pyongyang. This flight takes place at night which is a little scary ! Seating in the TU134 is very cramped for tall people and most uncomfortable. Flights on the TU134 have been my least pleasant experiences. Air Koryo has been unspectacular but generally reliable with 3 outbound flights weekly currently to Beijing 2 to Shenyang and 1 to Vladivostok. Am smiling at the prospect of direct flights to Yanji China also the proposal to initiate a Frequent Flyer programme !
SydneyReunionMauritius. Not impressed staff sometimes quite rude. One meal with drinks provided after take off soggy sandwich about half way and small snack before landing. Drinks few and far between we could go and help ourselves to warm drinks with no ice. Overall would not fly Air Austral again and would not recommend it. Return flight not better!
 Its good to note that Qatar Airways open its check in counter 5 12 hours before departure! Good thing I went to NAIA cause I thought its going to rain and it might cause traffic! Started forming our lines at 530pm and counters open exactly 550pm fir the 1120pm flight. Check in process was quiet slow, despite my Silver Status I left the counter at 640pm. Understandably only two counters were open since the other check in staff are assisting the 635pm departure. Anyway, though it was slow but OK since the clerk was super nice and offered me a complimentary lounge pass! The plane departed around 15 minutes later than published but was able to overcome and arrived earlier in Doha! Was a very smooth landing and the crew were all warm! Food served dinner and breakfast were both sumptuous and delicious! I was seated on a window seat and was quiet cramped because the guy beside me was humungous. Arrival in Doha was as expected very warm and pleasant, security check was fast and quick! A separate lounge for Silver members were provided, and was surprised of its huge size, very comfortable, good food, very clean comfort rooms! Went to the gate early as it was quiet far but thanks to the sky train, I was at my gate in seconds! Fortunately, I was upgraded to Business Class on the second leg of the journey! It was a very pleasant experience considering the 13 hours flight to Montreal! Everything went perfectly well! The very comfortable Q Suite, the award winning Catering and the Best Crew Services contributed to an overall pleasant experience! Thanks to Anna and Dale for taking care of me plus their very beautiful Supervisor which I wasnt able to get the name! Thank you Qatar Airways for the free upgrade and thank you for the best service provided!
  My LOT WarsawMilan flight was overbooked, so I was left on the ground along with dozens of other passengers. We queued for 5 hours to get information from the LOT transfer center.  They distributed water only after passengers protested. They found me another flight only after two days and they forgot to check in the extra luggage I had already paid for this mistake cost me another two hours of queuing and discussions. My Whatsapp requests were never answered. By far my worst experience ever with an airline.
  I flew with China Eastern Airline Sydney to Los Angeles via Shanghai. I had a 2 hour layover in Shanghai and had 2 hours to get on my connecting flight to LAX. However, when I arrived in Shanghai, my bags that were supposed to be on my next flight were at Baggage Claim. I was then redirected to the ticket counter and told that I could not get on my flight to LAX. They then told me that the flight was cancelled, but I later found out it took off for LAX at the scheduled time of 857PM. The employees of this airline talked amongst themselves and were laughing, not willing to help me. They told me that the next flight to LAX would be at 1PM the next day. I was stuck in Shanghai for the night. I was very disappointed with their services. I was there on time with a connecting flight, yet they refused to let me on. I had enough time to get on that connecting flight. I do not recommend this airline at all. So unorganised and such a waste of money and time.
  Vienna to Moscow. Terrible service on arrival to their home airport of Sheremetyevo. Theyparked the aircraft at Terminal B which is on the opposite side of the airfield from the planned arrival terminal E. Then theyve boarded the passengers into the bus and took on 25 minutes ride around the airstrip. Overall it took 40 minutes from the moment the pilot announced that the aircraft is at the parking position till Ive finally reached the terminal
  I purchased a ticket in April 2022 with full refund protection. I cancelled a few days later but it took 6 months to receive half of the refund and a further 4 months to receive another 14. I have spent hours on the phone and get no where, I raised case after case. 
 New York to Toronto. Always love Porter for the free food and drinks. Staff are usually lovely, but the stewartess on this flight was awful. When we walked in she was picking her nails and didnt even look up as she grabbed our ticket to check the flight number. Everything she said was said rudely and as if she would rather be anywhere else. She may as well have been rolling her eyes when doing the safety presentation. She is the only reason I am writing this review. Maybe she was having a bad day, but her demeanour was wildly unprofessional. Otherwise I usually love flying Porter.
  I have travelled multiple times with them alone, with the kids and bought tickets for my dad and I had everytime struggle. One flight they told me at the check in that the strollers they do not put in bags and I was suppose to know that which I didnt so my stroller came broken in the us. Very unprofessional and the team is the same. They have wonderful flights with great connections and prices but because I had so many times struggle with them I will not book a flight with them. And I am Bulgarian!
Cardiff to Monastir return. Both flights on time staff pleasant and the food was hot. The 737300 did look a little old and decor seat backs etc a little torn but no worse than many other airlines Ive flown. This airline is adequate.
 Booked a return flight to Thailand with Etihad. The first leg to Abu Dhabi was with an A350, brand new plane. I must admit that Etihad livery is the best one Ive seen. Along with on timeish departure, unfortunately they are the only positive things I can think of. Although the plane was new, the seats are cramped, a thing that I noticed to many other airlines with new planes, and I am definitely not a tall person. Theyre just pouring as many seats as possible which is very inconvenient for longer flights. Surprisingly, on the 777 plane from AUH to BKK, although was an older plane, the seats were much more comfortable, thus confirming what I mentioned above. The food onboard was just average, it lacks presentation and quality like you get on Qatar, Emirates or Turkish. IFE was just ok, not too many options to choose from. The crew was not as proactive as the other middle eastern carriers mentioned above. Together with AUH airport experience an old and tired airport I must admit that my first experience was not so great with Etihad and I really wanted to love them as they look so stylish apparently only from outside. I usually fly to Asia only with Qatar and unfortunately Etihad cant match the other carriers overall services, and they are on the same price range.
  Impossible to reach customer service. Ive called, left messages on their fb page, WhatsApp and no response. Also, while I purchased Economy ticket and not Economy saver and had a checked in bag included from Sarajevo to JFK, on my way back from JFK to Sarajevo I was told I had to pay extra for my bag. This has never happened before. No transparency at all.
 Awful experience. I basically paid money for torture. Flight was delayed indefinitely, they told us no plane, no pilot and I am stranded at the airport. I have wasted an entire day from my precious trip. None of the communication made by the airline thus far was satisfactory. Bottom line pay a little more such that you get an airline that will actually give you a plane. My flight and hotel money have gone to waste.
Los Angeles to Papeete with Air Tahiti Nui. The plane was clean and very comfortable. I agree with a previous reviewer that when extended the seats were somewhat awkward to sleep. But I managed. The dinner they served at midnight was perfect as it was a cold chicken salad and light. The rolls were warm which was very nice. By this time all seemed ready to quickly eat and then sleep. Cabin attendants could not have been nicer trying to make us more comfortable. We fly home in two weeks and will see if we are still so happy with the plane and service but at this point would very much recommend.
  Book through Vietnam Airlines. A few days before departure Pacific changed the original schedule of departure. At departure we had a delay time of arrival of 3 hrs and 59 minutes. Since this is within 4 hrs they cant do anything as a token for inconvenience or so. They say they provided drinks at the gate. We did not see them providing it, until the moment we were boarding. The whole 4 hours no information was given except delayed on the screens. No one appeared at the desk until 5 min before boarding. This company has to learn a lot about communication and about moral behaviour sticking to the rules is more important than keeping your customers satisfied. Flight itself was okay with friendly staff.
  Seoul to London. On boarding, there was some confusion, as the signage for economy and business class were not easily visible. So there was a constant moving of passenger to the right queue. My seat 2K was window 1x2x1 layout, giving some privacy and plenty of space. The cabin looked new and spacious, especially as the A350 does not have the hand luggage storage in the middle. I was welcomed with pre flight drinks including Champagne, followed by hot towel. Ten minutes after take off flight attendants came around taking drinks and dinner orders. The menu was  Western and Korean cuisine. I opted for the Bibimbap meal  a traditional meal of rice with accompaniments and soup, which was absolutely delicious. I am not too keen on sweets, so followed up with a cheeseboard. Later coffee and cognac. The service was unhurried, and well timed serving each course. A couple of hours before landing, a snack was served  actually quite substantial, again the attendants coming around to take your order. Super efficient, polite, yet not chatty or engaging. However, at the end of the flight I was asked if I enjoyed it, which nice little touch. My return flight was equally enjoyable. And inbetween meals the flight attendants would come around asking if you wanted anything else such as drinks and snacks including noodle soup. The IFE was very limited, and although the movie selection was tiny, it did have a couple of the latest movies. The touch screen worked well. The Amenity Kit was OK but nothing special. Slippers were provided in pouches. My only slight complain was the actual seat. The controls were very easy to use. There was the standard seat belt plus shoulder strap not sure the technical reason for this. It was comfortable for sitting, but quite hard for sleeping. I expected a larger pillow and thin mattress to be provided. So I did not get a good nights sleep. While my flights were 4 Star rating to perfection, I did not feel I was getting a 5 Star service.
  I visit my parents regularly in Paris, I always use Air France, Transavia, or Middle east airlines. But today was the first and last flight with this Aigle Azur. On the passport my name is Ludovic while on the ticket its Ludwig. The family name is the same. So because of 3 letters difference, they want to charge 80 euros. Why changing 3 letters cost 80EUR? This is how you lose passengers. 
  Flying with Play was the most miserable experience of my life. The booking was easy, as was the check in. There were no delays and everything went smoothly. There is a massive issue however with the fact that they dont have a phone number. Never deal with a company that cant be contacted by phone. If anything goes wrong, youre on your own. While everything outside the craft was fine, inside the plane is a different story altogether. Firstly, getting seated was an absolute farce. The lack of organisation by the cabin crew seemed to rub off on the passengers. Several people switched seats, meaning some found another person sat in their seat. Ive never seen this before on such a scale and I can therefore only attribute it to the fact that the cabin crew were not checking boarding passes or directing anyone. Getting seated took longer than Ive ever seen on an aircraft and at no time were the crew trying to speed things along. The plane started taxiing with passengers still stood up. The main issue with the flight was the seats. I have never seen this many rows on this type of aircraft. There is no way on earth these things should be in the air for more than an hour. I am 5ft6 and I had so little leg room that I could not physically reach down to pull my bag up. If you are 6ft you realistically cannot fly this airline.  As if this could not be any worse, the seats recline. Yes. They recline. The room in front of me was reduced to level where I could not put my tray table down. It was 6 hours of absolute torture. Some passengers spent the entire flight stood in the aisle as they could not sit for that long. Everything on this flight is paid for separately. Fine. Its a budget airline. I get it. But water? Surely this is a basic human necessity. It was 3 Euros for the smallest bottle of water Ive ever seen in my life. Please do not make the same mistake I did. Not only is it torture but it makes no financial sense. After adding in the extra legroom seat costs you will need it, water and food, you are likely to be saving little to nothing. Take a real airline. Youll thank me. Im sure Play will reply with their hi thanks were a budget airline as such spiel, but its not good enough. These planes should not exist. And if they do they should be flying one hour domestic, not transatlantic.
  Amazing experience. Not much expectation due to fly since we are still in Covid19 period. Out of expectation very smooth along the journey. nice experience. I will recommend China Southern Airlines.
 This airline is complete trash. They wait until the last minute to cancel flights in my case with only a 3 hour notice. I needed this flight to pick up my kids from a trip to their grandparents and had to book a different same day flight with another airline paying nearly $400 for a one way flight. Frontier offered zero solutions or additional flight options and to top it off it will take 7 business days for them to process my refund. Budget airline with budget staff I highly suggest flying elsewhere.
 Unfortunately the inflight meals have really changed from very good to basic. The vegetarian option is now Vegan Only! No choice! So when I could have had the cheese butter omelette and the chocolate cake. I was only given rice carrot and broccoli and two identical bowls of fruit. The sandwich I was given later was cold mashed potato pea and carrot filling. Really awful.
  This was a 4 day Southwest Gourmet Tour of Tasmania. The same aircraft stayed with us the entire time. It was a great size and seemed very efficient. All staff were very friendly and professional. We were most impressed.
  Had my luggage damaged by Austrian Airlines 5 months ago  despite immediate report to their arrivals ground staff, several calls to their inaudible call center staff and several unanswered emails, they have yet to provide compensation.
I agree with all other comments Ive read! Flew Sharm to Luxor return last week and have never been so scared on take off or landing both ways. The MD83 was dirty dark and smelly and passenger comfort even on a short flight was non existent. On the return to Sharm we boarded the aircraft through the rear of the plane between the two engines which wereappeared to be slightly running. We had the same cabin crew as the morning flight 14 hours previously and they were virtually fainting from the heat. After sitting on the plane for nearly 20 mins before take off all passengers were incredibly hot to the point of wanting to disembark. The cabin crew did theyre best with limited resources. We also received juice and fig roll biscuits both ways but one lucky local passenger was given a hot meal. A holiday rep in the seat in front of us was using his mobile phone during the flight and no one stopped him. The sound of what appeared to be wind rushing through the cabin during the flight did nothing to inspire confidence. I have never been so glad to get off of an aircraft. My advice would be to check with your tour operator before booking an excursion because I would never travel with this airline again.
  The worst airline. Always always late and never on time. A 5 hour layover is now delayed to a 9 hour layover. Also the lounge, its like 4 tables and doesnt even have a bathroom.
  No staff at the transfer desk to issue boarding pass. I was told to proceed to the boarding gate for service. After one hour of waiting in a queue, several people including me were finally get their passes. While we were lining up, many travellers probably first and business class cut the queue to insist on going to the aircraft first.  From what I feel, they need a bigger crew to service the A380. Staff avoided eye contact with me to speed up their service. Food was not ready for the first meal. I had to wait half an hour for my main meal after finishing everything else. I was not offered a drink and when I asked, they signalled me to wait. I waited for another half an hour without any drink from the crew yet the guy two rows in front of me asked for a refill and was offered immediately. Second meal was a total disaster, it took an hour for our cabin to be served. To the point that, many people who were already served, they expected their trays to be cleared but nothing happened and many people took the matters into their own hands by bringing trays to cabin crew. Drinks were offered and served very minimally. I can confidently say it because my second flight later with an A350, it was a joy again. Everything ran on time. Polite and civilized boarding. No late service. I still can feel a drop in service as compared to prepandemic time.
  On March 20, 2023 my flight from Rome to Paris was canceled due to a strike. I received the notification 1 day before the flight. The email said that one of my options was to claim a 100 refund or 120 credit. Since I dont live in Europe I asked for a fully refund. I received the link to process my refund, but I was surprised that the system doesnt allow you to get the refund until you first claim for a credit. After processing my credit, the system gives you another link to process your 100 refund, but when you get to the point to enter your credit card information, the system dont allow you to go forward. No question could be answered. Ive been trying to get in contact with someone from customer services, but no luck. You call the number they have for customer service, but no one answer. A lot of emails have been sent, but no response. The next day I received the notification of the cancellation, I went to Rome Airport Fiumicino but there is no one who represent the company. The employees at the counter are employees from the airport, but they can make any kind of decision. They tell you that you must contact the company. Dont book with this company. If your flight got canceled no one will help you out.
 Nice flight only a few minutes late, but again, remote stand with time stuck on the bus both times departing and arriving the company keeps getting worse in terms of Silver and Gold members we are stuck for ages in packed buses waiting to get in and waiting also to get out. Not a way to treat customers on my opinion
 Flight TG910 BangkokLHR, 12hrs 40 mins. Boarding needs to be more understandable. The Cabin Crew were outstanding on Customer Service, very polite, friendly. nothing was too much trouble for them, they all worked hard. Food was average, seats were a bit tight pitch, although it is new Aeroplane so I thought there would be more space with a 3x3x3 seat configuration as others Airlines 777 can have 3x4x3 seat configuration. At first the cabin was too hot, no personal AC to adjust, not comfortable but later in the flight Aircon is better. The Inflight Entertainment was touch screen and very responsive but the content was average, music needs updating. I probably would not fly this direct flight again with Thai Air, better to use an Airline that stops halfway, you can stretch your legs have a break from flying at a Hub and get on another flight for the second part of the journey in my opinion but I thought I would give it a try to see the difference. The price for Thai Air is bit high for what you actually get. Date of experience 31 March 2023.
  Flew Manila to London via Riyadh return with my family 2 adults and 2 children. The flight from London to Riyadh has a much better experience as the aircraft are newer and have a better entrainment system touch screen. However, Riyadh to Manila is a much worse experience. In fact, on our outward journey, the entrainment system was not working for 1 one of us on both legs. The return journey was even worse, 24 of the entertainment systems were not functional on a 16 hrs journey! When I raised a concern to a crew member, they just told me to write a review online to influence the, as they put it, high bosses. All in all, the experience was just about okay, the food was relatively okay and most of the staff approachable. Will I fly with them again? Probably not, unless the fare will be much cheaper in comparison to other airlines.
 Stuttgart to Milan with Laudamotion. They charged me for my hand luggage in spite of showing it fitted in the measuring box. They said I had two bags the second one was bought in the airport. Besides, the 25 euros were not written anywhere and my flight ticket said I could take this size in. If over luggage I should have paid 50 not 25 according to my ticket. Thats to say they did nothing alike the boarding pass. I asked to pay by card and they insisted on cash. I could not get any receipt. They said I would have it on my email. I m still waiting but payments do not work like that in any case. The treatment I received was not appropiate for a traveller and client. I was treated as if I was trying to avoid the rules when I think they made them up!
Munich to Venice. Originally booked on Condor who cancelled the flight and automatically rebooked me with Air Dolomiti. The flight attendants were professional and very nice. The plane was clean departed and arrived on time and the foodsnack service better than any mealsnack Ive ever had on a flight in the US.
 Milan to London. Utterly pathetic website, broken technology, shambolic customer service. This is like a company trying to operate in the 21st century using a 1980s platform. The flight manifest I got emailed even has a dummy Stockholm flight on which says PLS NOTE THIS IS NOT A FLIGHT SEGMENT  ONLY FOR TECHNICAL PURPOSES. PLS IGNORE This was the warning sign of an airline that has crumbling technology. Ive been trying to get my boarding passes for 2 hours now for a flight tomorrow. I try and log in to the website, which refuses to show me any other language than Italian. I fill in a load of unnecessary details with my home address, passport number, date of birth, etc, etc which they already have then find out it will only give me a boarding pass if I pay 80EUR for seat assignments. I dont want seat assignments because this is a criminal surcharge. I phoned them to explain this and find a they are all working from home because unlike the rest of the world they have not moved on from covid, b 4 of the 5 people I spoke to sounded like they are working on the moon so I could not communicate with them the problem is not at my end for sure, the fifth person who did sound like they were actually working and had a decent phone connection said I should be able to download the boarding passes from the website, because my seats are assigned. This is not possible from the website and I do know how to use an airline website, which says seats unassigned so they tried to email me the boarding passes. They can only issue one of five! The system does not work and I need to phone back tomorrow. This is an abbreviated summary, it really is a fiasco that I am too tired to write the full details of. What an unprofessional airline, with technology in the dark ages, they should be embarrassed.
CDGTBS and TBSAMS. Brezhnev era service and operations with old 737500s. With simple changes in mind set they could improve a lot. I have heard that they are selling this airline. In the meanwhile when travelling to Georgia I recommend flying BMED Lufthansa Austrian  KLM or Turkish.
  London City to Florence. I am utterly appalled by this airline. Not only were we diverted midflight from Florence to Pisa because of a technical fault we were delayed in take off also by a technical fault  unclear if it was the same one, but the aircraft was rather old and shabby, and the toilet stunk to high heaven. Most egregiously, about 20 passengers did not have their bags loaded on to the aircraft. I received no information or apology from the airline about this. Some passengers seemed to have received a text letting them know of the issue, with a brief apology and no explanation. We were provided with a bus to Florence Airport where we were told to file a baggage claim since CityJet do not operate out of Pisa, but there was noone in charge of directing us  it was up to passenger initiative to figure out all steps. Once at Florence Airport we were offloaded and sent on a Kafkaesque quest from office to office, into the bowels of the airport, across the tarmac, and into the arrivals hall to finally file the baggage claim. Had I not actively engaged fellow passengers I would have never figured out any of these procedures. This was on Sunday, 15th July, 2018. At the time of writing it is 1030 pm on Tuesday July 17 and I have still not received my bag. I received a text yesterday evening from Florence Airport letting me know that the bag had been picked up by the courier, and nothing since. I have been forced to attend a professional event wearing the same outfit each day, which I am washing nightly in the hotel bidet. In all my years of frequent travel I have never encountered this level of disrespectful neglect. I paid over the odds to fly with CityJet, hoping to avoid the indignities of a budget airline, only to find that this airline treats one worse than dirt. Never again.
  Heraklion to Athens. My husband and I were very disappointed with the unexpected charge of 70 euros 35 each for our luggage. We were on our way back to Athens from Heraklion after almost 2 weeks of travelling to different islands with our 2 luggage where are you supposed to leave them?. Finally, we were returning to Athens to catch our flight home and the attendant at the desk told us we had to pay for the luggage. After trying to explain to her, unsuccessfully, the situation, she kept going in circles. Wheres the courtesy to tourists who are coming to the country to spend their money, sounds like abuse to me. Well, I know I sound bitter, and I am. I dont think is fair.
  Absolutely awful airline whose primary aim is to scam as much money out of you as possible. they sold me a ticket that included checked luggage but when I turned up at the airline to checkin they charged me £75 to check in a bag both on the way out and back in. The information they provide with the ticket and booking is so limited and everything is in french despite booking from the UK. The customer service is a complete joke. I will never fly with them again.
Luton to Newark return with La Compagnie. The deal of business class flight with five nights at a central NYC hotel was right up our street. It turned out to be a very successful and enjoyable. The flights were very good and punctual. Helpful and friendly staff, very comfortable seats, good entertainment but the food was the star. Delicious and well presented. We used the business class lounges and at Newark our boarding card got us 20 duty free discount. Highly recommended. 
  4 hour delay with zero information to passengers on cause of delay. No apology, no regret, no information and complete disregard for passengers time and comfort. Shame on this airline and its operations.
Recently travelled to India and back during the volcanic ash issues. Lots of people complain about this airline but at the end of the day you get what you pay for. Outgoing flight was on time. No entertainment on board something they do need to look into. Food and service is what you would expect from the price of the ticket. The return journey was a little more complicated because of the volcanic ash. Everyone was asked to check in and several hours later the flight was cancelled. They should have phoned everyone not to come to the airport. I was travelling with my young son and 2 daughters which made it difficult. They did provide food water coffee etc and the taxi fare back home to the village when the flight was cancelled. Askhabad airport is now 10 times cleaner than Amritsar.
  We had business class tickets in row 2. Just before boarding they downgraded us to middle seats in coach. They lied that they switched aircrafts and there werent enough seats now. Not true. They downgraded us because someone probably paid more money for their tickets so they sent us to the back of the plane in middle seats. We flew 8 hours out of our way to get to Mexico City for this business class flight only for them to take it from us! They are the worst. Do not fly with them ever. 
  Istanbul to Atyrau. Im traveling for more than 15 years with this company I am also a Nomad Club member as Gold. I can  recommend Air Astana since their prices even better than competitors in the region. The airline is improving. The last flight  was a safe, comfortable and pleasant flight. The staff is very nice and friendly the food is good. Topping all that were the good selection of movies on board.
 Barcelona to Tel Aviv. One of the last flights of the 747 for El Al before they will be replaced by the new 787 8 or 9. Well it was a vintage flight with an old aircraft that we all loved. The business seats are like they are from the 90s so no real flat bed and the audio was very old without VOD etc. Service was good as usual but food was embarrassing. El Al changed the menu and now serve only sandwiches for EU flights. Very basic, poor and absolutely not enough for an almost 5hr flight.
  Absolutely useless. Late flight, luggage left behind, zero customer service. They just dont care, no refund or credit for taking exit door seats away. What once a great airline is now the worlds worst. Do not fly Qantas they just dont care.
I flew 2 international flights London  Sanaa and 2 internal flights to Socotra and I have to say that on every flight the crew were the friendliest I have encountered in the last 5 years. Suggesting where we sit for the best views making extra cups of tea etc. While the internal flights were completely full and the Yemenis carry enough hand luggage to fill the pane twice over the international flights were so empty everyone had a whole row of seats to themselves which sure makes a change.
  Almaty to Astana. The early morning flight allowed me to have the whole Sunday I could spend in Astana. We had a good breakfast in the aircraft. This year I enjoy my Silver Nomad. Despite of the downrating I was happy to know that Nomad Club members start to enjoy better scoring of points. Now we are 3 times quicker to collect the points necessary for the new tier or bonus ticket. Nomad Club develops well and I appreciate it. This weekend I will have my next flight to Almaty to enjoy running at Almaty Marathon that is also supported by Air Astana. As usual I expect good service from Air Astana that keeps me being a loyal client.
 If you have to book with them and have no other option please consider buying air tags and if you are traveling with someone make sure you mix the clothing and belongings so that you dont end up having to buy an entire new closet for your trip. They lost our luggage and its been 4 days now without our stuff and the customer service is non existent. I think that maybe a group of mice could better figure out how to locate a lost bag better than these humans. I will never fly with them again and will warn others in the NYC area to do the same.
  I didnt expect anything else or special from Vistara. In fact I was a little apprehensive as I had never heard of them before, but I should not have. My experience was made good by the generosity and kindness of the crew. Nothing was too much of a trouble. Despite the fact that they work so hard to look after so many passengers the smiles and pleasantries never stopped. My row of economy class passengers from London to Delhi UK0018 was looked after by Rajeev and Tanya. Such genuine, polite and hard working people. She was a lovely host and probably the best airline crew I came across in a long while. Thank you Rajeev and Tanya and rest of the team. Fly with Vistara, they are the best, a very human and pleasant experience. 
New York to Sao Paulo via Buenos Aires. The most narrow seat I have ever seen. My knees came touching tHe seat in front of me during the whole 10 hour plus flight. FAs in a bad mood. Food was just ok but the breakfast was awful. The only good thing I have to tell about them is that the flight was on time and my baggage which inlcuded a big fragile box got to destintation without any problems.
  Luanda to Cape Town via Windhoek. Connecting flight cancelled so we had to overnight in Windhoek. Total chaos at the check in the next morning with one queue for Luanda, one for Johannesburg and many for other destinations. Although we arrived well in time, the queue moved slowly and there were lots of people. Then the booking clerks start shouting out for passengers for Cape Town and many rush forward. Chaos ensues and because we are travelling with children we cannot move as fast as others. When we are served we are told we have been bumped from the flight it was over booked. Passengers behind us in the original queue make the flight. We have to overnight a second night in Windhoek where we still are. Air Namibia are totally disorganized and have no regard for children.
  Dsseldorf to Mlaga. Our flight was operated by Ryanair, but at least the legroom was good. The crew and boarding staff were not friendly and did not smile for a second. We also couldnt put the back of our seats back.
  Great flight with AirAsia Philippines flying from Kalibo to Manila. Boarded the aircraft exactly 40 mins prior to departure which is extremely unlikely for it to be so efficient, especially with a budget carrier. Plane was clean, staff were great as per usual and the flight landed 25 minutes early which was even better!
  To me, this is the worst European air company unreliable, disrespectful to customers and finally, a real fraud.  Last year, Alitalia canceled my flight from Bologna to Palermo via Roma without any replacement offers. I completed a form required by Alitalia for a refund and 112020 they sent me email, that Alitalia issued a refund to my credit card account for eticket. However, this refund was never sent to my Bank. I checked with the Bank a couple of times and then, sent email to Alitalia customer service. In response, I immediately got autoreply email requiring calling their USA customer service. I called Alitalia USA customer service, in fact located in Tirana, Albania. They told me that I need to wait for 90 days because there are too many refunds. In 4 months I sent a new email and got the same autoreply. Btw, Ive never got any other emails from them  only autoreplies, which were sent from noreply address I called again to USA customer service. This time, a representative assured me that a refund will be sent in 72 hours and hell call me about this. As I expected, there were no refund and no call. In a couple of weeks, I sent another email, got one more autoreply and called to Albanian means USA! Alitalia customer service. This time, a representative listened to my long boring story and just hung up on me. During last year, as many of us, Ive experienced a number of flight cancellations. All American and European air companies refunded their cancelled flights, including lowcost ones like Vueling, but only Alitalia did not fulfill its obligations. This is why Alitalia is to me the worst European air company unreliable, disrespectful to customers and finally, a real fraud. Definitely, Ill try my best never to use Alitalia and do not recommend this company to any travelers.
 I do not recommend flying with Aeromexico at all. I had a few hour layover in Mexico City which they ended up turning into a 26 hour layover meaning my vacation literally lost a day with no compensation for food or accommodation. I also had premium seats on one of my flights which we paid a few extra hundred dollars for and they oversold the flight and put us in economy with no food that we ordered and no refund. Also the most turbulence and worst landing Ive ever experienced  they braked so hard when landing that everyone got shoved forward in their seats. Dont fly with this airline.
  My husband and I booked a trip to Winnipeg to see our son. When flying with Swoop to Winnipeg, the flight was good and the accommodation was excellent. When it was time to return home, received an email from them that our return flight was canceled. I tried to get a hold of someone to see what would happen next. This was not to be. I request for a refund as the next available flight was not convenient for us. When I finally was able to get home, I sent a request for a refund and compensation for another night of accommodation, difference in flight cost and the Uber ride we had to use to get our car that was in Hamilton. I have just received an email stating that they are sorry and that it was not their intention but it was out of their control.  resources and I am not entitled a refund or compensation. This Company is offering a service, taking your money then not providing the service. I want my money you owe me SWOOP
  China Eastern Airlines is the best service company among the three major airlines Air China, China Eastern and China Southern. In the airport, China Eastern has a lot of automatic checkin machines, and there are special tutors, which is very good. There are also few people queuing at the checkin counter. After boarding, the flight attendant service was very good. When I saw that I was sweating, I took the initiative to pour ice water for me. I already took the paper towel yes, I was in economy class. The cabin entertainment system had a small TV, but there was no WiFi. This is not good. The distance between the seats is large enough, and the seats can be adjusted at a large angle. The seats are quite spacious, very good. The bathroom is clean. The most important thing is that the air ticket is cheap. The air ticket from Beijing to Luoyang is only 200 yuan! In addition, due to the epidemic, the meal is only a small bottle of mineral water. Before that, there was dinner fried rice.
  Siteia to Alexandroupoulis. Small propeller planes with lot of noise during the flight. The planes seem old and some seats can be in bad condition. The staff is polite, they offer a drink, cookie, caramel and a towel during the flight. Usually on time, better value for money than other regional airlines.
  This is the first time I am travelling from Air India Express from Dubai to New Delhi and my first experience is bad. Firstly the flight is delayed by 2 hrs. All the crew members are talking to the passengers in Hindi. Even though my mother tongue is hindi this is really unprofessional. Flight looks very old.  My seat number is 31F. I will try to choose Air India express as my last option. I guess Air India should get privatised now.
Flew on Royal Brunei new A320ceo for a short flight from Brunei to Kuala Lumpur. Managed to try the new IMPIAN wireless entertainment system  not many choices but adequate for the short 2 hour flight. I think many passengers are not aware of this as RB only officially launched this service 12 months ago. Food was good and filling for a short flight. Asked for a pen and postcard and got a RB branded pen with some postcards in a nice writing kit with some writing papers and envelope.
  Words fail to describe this last awful flight  baby across the aisle crying for most of the flight and although horrible to go without any rest for the long flight LHRSFO, its understandable for a baby to cry nonstop  but the crew yakking loudly in the galley even after a polite notification that their conversation could be heard in the cabin  that made the flight unbearable for any rest or sleep always difficult anyway westbound. The food was so bad that most  turned down whatever the nasty offering was on the 2nd service. What happened to the really nice tea and scones? Ive said this before after suffering through the BA concept of customer service i.e. dont do anything to help the passenger if it involves any extra work  this time i swear i mean it  never again on BA please! The lounge was so packed even a single traveler had a hard time finding a seat  poor BA is on the skids downhill.
  This airline is horrible. The customer service is disrespectful and useless. I had paid for an extra suitcase and when i got to the airport i had to pay extra for the suitcase i already paid for. As i was coming back, I was at the airport checking in online and it said i owned money for the suitcase I paid twice for. Due to problems with immigration, I had to change my flight and to change it was 110 per person, the lady on the desk said we can choose from 2 dates. I choose one of the dates and paid the money to change the flight. After 30 minutes, I was told that i couldnt fly the date that was chosen because there was no space and had to wait a month to fly. Why would they say they have space then charge the money just to say they dont have the space. Now i have to wait a month to get back to New York. After, I called volaris costumer service to see if I could get anything sooner and the 2 people i spoke to were extremely disrespectful. This is my first and last time flying with them, they made my vacation a horrible experience.
  A decent experience. Check in was fast and easy, lounge was comfortable with good food offerings. Boarding was slightly chaotic but not awful. The aircraft is wonderful with comfortable seating and leg room. IFE was good. Meal decent for a two hour flight. Had to ask for an amenity kit. Flight was basically on time. Not stellar but better than most. Wifi wasnt working.
  Sylhet to Dhaka. Absolutely awful probably the worst airline, very rude, very unprofessional, dont know how they can be so rude towards customers. I was at Sylhet  at 11am and had a domestic flight at 205pm, we had to wait 5 hours. We ended up missing our international flight and they put us in a very nasty hotel.
 Booked over 9 months in advance and opted for comfortflex fare, which included baggage, onboard wifi access and upfront seat selection. We chose seats right at the front of the economy cabin at time of booking, allowing party to sit together we were all on same booking. Aircraft was advertised as a new A321NEO with free wifi. However after checking in online, aircraft had changed and subsequently seats were changed, splitting up the party. Flight itself was comfortable with decent leg room and free fooddrinks, though quality was lacklustre. Crew were absent in any form of engagement on board, appearing distant.
  A dysfunctional website and app that doesnt allow ticket change or booking a special meal. It leads to errors all the time. No technical support. No one answering the phone after hours of waiting and dozens of attempts. Therefore no possibilities to change my ticket or do with an agent what I cant do online. No warnings about anything, no one telling you anything. The worst airline I ever flew with.
  I returned home from Norfolk Island to Sydney on Feb.10,2023 travelling business class. On arrival at Sydney when I went to collect my mobility walker I found it damaged and completely unusable as well as unsafe. I do not know what the baggage handlers did to it but it collapsed on me as soon as I started walking.Went5 to baggage claims, waited 10 minutes while struggling to stand, for a lady to give me forms to complete. It is now May 15 2023 and i still have had no response from Qantas despite 2 emails and 2 phone calls to them. I am definitely not happy with Australias best airline and will never fly with them again and I have advised family  friends to boycott as well. The service on our outward flight from Sydney 7 days earlier was also terrible. I can only assume from reading other reviews that Qantas does not seem to care anymore about its customers. Never again Qantas.
  I have been a frequent traveler for 15 years and have flown every distance and cabin from first class to budget. Yet I have never been treated as badly as on todays Germanwings flight from Dsseldorf to Vienna. The purser was outright cruel.
Chennai to Singapore with SilkAir MI435. Flight attendants served the refreshments and meal very late as there appeared to be many trainees. I had to wait for almost 3 hours to be asked by one of the flight attendant if I had been served. When I asked for vegetarian food, they said that all the vegetarian meals are over and only nonvegetarian is available. I asked if there was an alternative and they provided me with a cup noodles. They had totally missed out serving some seats  it was poor service.
Flew march 1214 on JP from ZRHLJUZRH. The flights were on time the flight attendants nice and helpful. The sandwich has got an upgrade and is now equal to LH. A Minus point was that they were handing out only Apple Juices  if you wanted to have wine or other drinks you had to ask specifically for it. This gives me kind of a cheap impression as it seems to the passenger that they wanted to hide it from them. The wine they served was below industry standards and not what a wine country like Slovenia should serve its guests on their trip to the country. I absolutely agree that on such short legs there is no necessity of any fooddrinks however either this is clearly defined in the service guide of the airline or then crews should adhere to their service guidelines.
  Dubai to Salalah. The service on the flight was not so good. Crew did not seem at all interested in serving passengers. They need to be more professional in their behaviour.
Flew over the weekend CGNZRH. Booked Lufthansa but got Germanwings due to LH changing operation in Europe to 4U. First leg was late over 40 minutes with no explanation done when the gate crew announced a 2nd delay of another 1520 minutes due tyres had to be changed the gate was open to board. Take off was just after boarding so there was no tyre change. So no more Snacks and Drinks unless you pay for it. Bought muffin and coffee quality ok but you pay. Return flight was on time crew at gate much nicer. Cockpit gave information about the flight. Crew served beer for 3 Euros. Would that this flight would be LH again.
  We waited approximately 1.5h just to check in our baggages with unclear instructions given only in Korean. 0 regard was given to international travellers that cannot speak Korean. We had to rush around to the assistants to seek clarifications from them. Even then, instructions remained unclear. For avoidance of doubt, we reached the airport almost 3 hours before the departure time, hoping to get a good dinner before leaving Korea but ended up boarding the plane, breathless and with empty stomachs. Further, it is beyond ridiculous that Tway Air was ambitious enough to open only 3 counters for check in and baggage drop despite the long queues  due to various flights departing at the same time.  This is not the way to treat passengers. This is the first time we have had such an unpleasant experience with an airline. If we had a choice, we will never choose Tway Air again.
  Got us late both ways. Also caused us to miss a following train. Saw confusion on their bags policy. A guy paid for it but they didnt allow him baggage for some reason, which wasted everyones time. At arrival in London on return flight, they didnt open gate for 30 minutes after stopping the plane.
  Excellent staff and attentive service, ancient aircraft with an excuse for an entertainment system. The route from Hanoi to Kuala Lumpur had no entertainment systems they said the screens and the USB ports do not work for this leg of the journey! Very disappointed with the product Malaysia Airlines is offering. They were really good like a decade or two ago!
  Santiago to Buenos Aires. I will never fly with this airline again and despite being a little cheaper than the competition, their service is very bad. It all starts with their website, I got an error message when trying to booking a flight there and tried to do it again with another card getting the same error message. It turned out that they booked the same flight to the same person twice and when I reached out to customer service over the phone they said I had to do it over email. I did it on December 6 and after several attempts and follow ups, I am finally giving up! 
  JetBlue customer service and system is pathetic. We came to St Thomas on vacation but had a family emergency  need to return immediately. I called Jet Blue to inquire about options. It took so long to get a human, then she didnt seem to understand the situation, then she could only cancel our existing return but couldnt book our new return. We spent 4.5 hours talking to 3 different people, and by then there were no flights available for tomorrow. Desperate, we tried to book flights for the next day, and Jet Blues awful app would not take my paymentUSING a Jet Blue credit card! I tried another credit card, then another, nothing. I was frantic! It turns out the app had raised the ticket price while I was putting in my information which I shouldnt have to do. I fly every week and have a rewards membership. I am livid and disgusted by JetBlue. There is no reason not to hire intelligent agentsand plenty of themwho take ownership of a problem, and no reason not to empower them to solve problems. If these agents had not taken 4.5 hours to cancel a flight and manually refund points, then we would be at my familys bedside. I will never forgive JetBlue, and Im cutting up my Jet Blue credit card. 
  Horrible experience from start to finish. Customer service on the phone is non existent. Customer service for check in or in flight from the stewardesses is absolutely horrible.  I am sure they do not know how to treat their customers or how to provide a good service. Do not fly this airline.
 Bag accidently routed to the wrong destination. Problem was handled professionally and promptly! Delivered to my home the next day with everything intact. All good. Great to have an airline service small cities. Staff very friendly and very smooth flight!
  The worst airline to exist. We were supposed to fly Tokyo to Auckland via Sydney on a Friday night at 10pm. There were a lot of things wrong about our flight. When the online checkin opened, their system only checked in one of the two passengers for the Sydney to Auckland flight. Their system said Check in at Airport  which was fine. Five hours before the flight, they sent a message that our flight has been cancelled. One hour later, they retracted and said your flight is not cancelled. When I reached the airport, the staff tried to check me in for the Sydney to Auckland flight but their system wont let her. They advised that I should just check in with the staff upon reaching Sydney. After the staff gave us our boarding ticket, they advised that the aircraft need to refuel in Brisbane, so the aircraft will make a stop, refuel, we dont need to get out of the aircraft, before flying to Sydney. Midflight, the pilot announced we are terminating in Brisbane and that we need to pick up our luggage even if we have onward flight. Now the problem here is that we dont have a landing permit to enter Australia. When we got to Brisbane, we told the ground crew our situation and she assured us that she will personally pick up our luggage and retag it herself her exact words. She told us that they are working on rebooking us and that we should just wait at the gate. When we got to the gate, since there were no Qantas flights yet, there werent any staff around. I tried to check with the staff in Business Lounge about our boarding pass. She found out that I am still not checked in and also they cannot find our luggage. A few minutes before our boarding time, the staff for the boarding gate finally arrived. She was able to check me in but they still cannot locate our luggage. She raised a ticket for us and said, just see if your luggage might reach Auckland once you get there. When we reached Auckland, to no surprise at all, our luggage wasnt there. We were travelling domestically across other parts of New Zealand so we asked to send to our hotel where we were staying the longest. We had to buy clothes for a few days to prepare for the worst. I called up the airline baggage services in Australia, Japan and Auckland  either no one picks up or they ask me to call another office or just apologize. We stayed for a week in New Zealand and no news from Qantas. On the day before we fly back to Tokyo, Aucklands lost luggage staff called us and told us that they have our luggage. When we picked up the luggage from the office, its been sitting in Auckland the whole time since the day after we arrived in the city. Bag was retagged but Qantas didnt bother to update their system for easy tracking?! Now in the present day, they earlier told us they will compensate but later on another customer service staff is saying they will not. Clearly something wrong with their communication even internally. Anyway, long story short  worst airline, worst customer service communication, and thanks to them Qantas they ruined our first visit to Oceania. Dont believe in their positive advertising, I really think they should come with a warning. Side Note While we were on our trip, they keep emailing us to upgrade to Business class and pay them more money. The audacity is beyond!
 Horrible experience. I checked in online, but couldnt get a boarding pass on my phone because they first needed to check my covid pass. I came to the airport, waited in an already checked in line for half an hour only to be told that I needed to wait in the non checked in line, because I didnt have a boarding pass?! Then I tried to print my boarding pass on their machine and it worked? But the machine showed an error when I entered the miles and more number, so I couldnt collect miles. The next catastrophe was when I was called to the gate and was said that I booked a flight with a small bag and had to pay 45€. I asked to be shown where it says that I only had a small bag. but the person was rude and wouldnt show it to me. Horrible, horrible, horrible.
  My 85 almost 86 year old mother was the passenger. I was just doing my best to see to it that my mom was all set, and I am astonished at how well she was treated! From Houston IAH I put my mom on a flight that stopped in Dulles. Over the phone, I was doing my best to help her manage her flight from Dulles airport to her final destination of Zambia Africa. It was nerve wracking, but the crew stepped up and managed everything with such kindness and gentleness toward my mom, that I wanted to say thank you to Ethiopian Airlines for such exemplary client care!
  This is the worst airline ever, only with this airline I had such a terrible experience. I purchased my ticket on an official Air Serbia website and paid extra for the seat which is displayed on the attached ticket 3A. The boarding starts, and they start from the last row going forward. So I board among the last, and at the boarding they said they changed my seat from 3A to 30C which is the last row of the plane near the bathroom. They dont even know the reason, thats how good that are. My advice to everyone  dont fly with Air Serbia no customer service at all. And if you fly  dont pay extra for any of their services, since as it turns out nothing what you paid for is guaranteed.
  The only airline that provides a direct flight to and from the Philippines with a caveat, Avoid this airline as much as possible. They will cancel and reschedule your flight with the reason of changes in operational system 2 days before your flight just through email notification, will not compensate you for such inconvenience but they are easy to charge you for changes on seat and request to reschedule your flight. They do not trust the security that you go through prior to reaching the main boarding gate they will make you go through another pat down security while waiting for your boarding. Two hrs before the flight this security check will happen and you are not allowed to bring drinks in flight at all and even after going through security, If you decided to go to the bathroom after the boarding gate security check you are you will have to get scan again and patted down again. I ask the reason for another security the only answer they give is you are in the Philippines and because its a direct flight which is not a logical reason. In short be ready to get dehydrated and develop some bladder issue when your flying Philippine airlines. if you want to avoid the hassle of their illogical security system and untrustworthy flight schedule i say do not book Philippines airlines for your trip to and from the Philippines.
 Another great flight with Laudamotion from Budapest to Stuttgart. I have very low expectations for these flights, as they are so cheap. This one cost me just £11, which is superb value. The flight crew were kind, I purchased some wine onboard for a very reasonable price. Crew were friendly and professional. I really enjoyed it, cheap and cheerful, very friendly crew, and a nice ride.
TLLAMS a busy morning flight on the perennially cramped CRJ900. Compared to my last flight with Estonian a year ago the service much better and Tallinn airport keeps improving and is now probably the nicest small airport in Europe clean free wifi comfy seats and even a library. No service whatsoever on Estonian Air which besides being governmentowned is on par with Ryanair for what it offers. But as a way to get from Point A to Point B its acceptable.
  The dates and times of departure were changed three times on direct and return tickets. As a result, daytime flights were canceled and night flights were left, which initially cost less. Dont buy expensive day tickets, its a lure, they will cancel them anyway and you will be forced to change tickets for night flights. They will make you do it. Lost baggage containing lifesaving medication for a child with epilepsy. The baggage arrived at the airport the next day. They refused to promptly bring baggage from the airport. I had to pay for prompt delivery by taxi. In flight, they did not give free water to either children or the elderly. Bottle of water 200gr.  2 euros. The senior of team of flight attendants answered  show in the rules where it says about free water.. On the return flight, they checked in a stroller for a 2yearold child as transit baggage, despite the fact that we warned at checkin that a stroller is needed when transferring. The child was forced to sleep in arms during a 9hour layover in Antalya. Representatives of the airline do not decide anything. The staff is low qualified. No service. Airplanes are packed. Catching hype on Russian tourists in the current situation.
  Vancouver to Hong Kong via Xiamen. I arrived early at the airport, before the check in booth opened. Waited in line for over an hour and chatted with other passengers in front of me during that time. When I arrived at the counter, the check in clerk asked me where did I come from. I assumed she meant something about which line so I said this line, the same one as the people you just checked in. She said that I was in the wrong line and that I had to go to the back of the other line for the other check in booth. I wondered if she thought I had cut in line or something so I told her if she had this type of doubt she should ask the people who were still standing next to me if I had been in their line all the time. She refused and told me to go to the back of the other line again and then proceeded to check in the next person in line. I was the last one to check in after waiting an additional 30  40 minutes. By this time, it was so close to boarding that I had to run to security and then run to the boarding gate as the plane was already boarding. I had to skip going to duty free to pick up things for my friends in China as I had promised. Even though I had to use the washroom, there was no time for that. No time to grab a snack or drink. It was the most embarrassing, stressful situations I have experienced in a very long time. Actually I cant remember ever being treated like that before. The airlines bounced my complaint back and forth between the Vancouver and Xiamen offices and finally put the blame on me, saying that if I had told her which line I was in this wouldnt have happened. What nonsense. Of course I told her that but she just ignored me and refused to serve me. I can understand a company hiring a bad employee but to back that person up when they know she was wrong, is inexcusable.
  It was really a bad experience on the first and last flight with Swoop. On the flight date, there was confusion, even among Swoop representatives on where to go for US flight Swoop, when they are going to open accepting passengers documentstickets, and then it was a long wait to figure it out. At first, the Swoop representative couldnt find my seat, even though she saw my name, and then she asked me to book again at the booth and I did. But then because of some new regulations at the border for some passengers documents, even when a CBP officer came with me to the Swoop booth and advised them and they took notes and they made sure I will get the refund but when I sent my claim, they replied me they are not going to refund me, even with those notes and CBP advise. I didnt even have a chance to do the flight to write a review for that, and I am not sure how that would be!
  Sat in front row, one and a half hour flight from Ibiza to FCO.  Flight attendants were strange. They did one beverage cart run for full flight, when that emptied 18 of the passengers, they came back up to front galley, closed curtain so passengers got the message they were closed, bathrooms not available, etc. Then some lovely warm pasta smell began emanating from the front likely a crew meal. They laughed and chatted with curtain blocking both passage and window barrier in front of 1AC. 
  Mumbai to Goa. Did my checkin and proceeded to security check only to be told that I have an Allen Key in my back pack which is not allowed in hand baggage and will have to be put into the checked baggage which was not told to me at the time of checkin. So i went back to the checkin counter to get some help and assistance. I relayed the incident to theservice rep  and told him that since my bags are already checked i would like to check my hand bag. He turns round to tell me that if I check the hand bag I will be over my baggage allowance and will have to pay excess baggage. Clearly the man doesnt know anything about the meaning of service. Instead of helping me out or finding a solution he wanted me to pay for their mistake of not informing me that the Allen key was not allowed on board. I had to leave the Allen Keys at the check in counter because if I asked them to bring my bags back I would have missed the flight which Im sure they wouldve put down to me as well. 
  I had a horrible experience with the customer service of fly Dubai. I had an emergency surgery a few days before my flight and in their policy, they are able to change the flight if this occurs. I provided all my discharge forms and a detailed report, requesting a flight for a few days later as I medically couldnt sit on a plane so soon after the surgery. The customer service team was completely incompetent and kept bouncing me from phone to email. The representative that I spoke to for rebooking over email was extremely rude and unprofessional. There was no sense of compassion or understanding. They kept requesting a doctors note in addition to the discharge forms. I managed to provide this with a registered doctor that was in charge of my follow up appointments. But the representative then said that the note had to be from the surgeon himself which is a near impossible ask. This was on a Saturday evening with my flight being the next day. When I explained that this couldnt be done on such short notice with my flight the next day, they sent me an automated email saying I would no longer be allowed to contact the team and that anything else I said would be considered feedback. Very incompassionate. I had to then pay the same price as my original ticket just to change the date by a few days. On top of that, the flight was delayed by an hour with no updates on the check in screen or from staff. The check in line at the airport was miles long and it took us close to 1 hours and 45 mins to reach the desk. I will never be using this airline again.
LAXLIMGRU Economy Certainly up to standard and in some ways much better. I had an exit row and the space was incredible. Even the regular pitch looked acceptable. The seat was a bit hard and lacked the wings for a headrest but was ok. The meal was adequate and the service was average. The flight attendants were attentive but seemed very young and as observed in the galley a bit immature dancing in the galley with Ipod tunes. The forced exit in Lima is no fun at midnight but overall I would give them good marks for the flight.
  This was my second flight of Akasa. 1st flight was okay. But this time it was lot of inconvenience. I didnt get boarding pass till I reached airport due to some technical hitch. While check in option online, Akasa displays list of names of all passengers along with their boarding pass which I think is not a good practice and security of passengers should be respected. Why should one know names of people travelling. Overall experience bad and security of passengers very very bad.
  Had a connecting flight from Heathrow to Shannon. Flight was suddenly cancelled. I was told very rudely, you have 2 options, sit in the airport for 17 hours until tomorrow or move to Dublin. But you will then have to have a 3 hour bus journey to Shannon. What is so frustrating is this is a very regular occurrence, receive no apologies, then was made sit on the runway for 2 hours without being able to purchase so much as a chocolate bar. I have been running from gate to gate like a headless chicken and have has no time to stop for some food. Im starving. No we cannot give you anything to eatbuy until we are in the air. Waited ages for flight then bus to take off, rushed again, no toilet on bus or time to run to shop. No where to charge phone to arrange a lift. 3 hour cold bus journey starved after that. Awful experience, will never fly Aer Lingus again. Obvious lies all the time, excuses for everything that were not even good ones. We got a free plastic glass of water from a 2 litre bottle and at no stage when people complained did anyone say Sorry. Ryanair has become the new Aer Lingus and Aer Lingus the new Ryanair. Lots of extras costs to be as a result. Aer Lingus will regularly cancel Heathrow to Shannon on a Monday if the flight is not full to save them some $. Unethical!
 Worst airline that I have ever flown. Not only did Rwandair change my Cape Town flight to London flight to leaving a day earlier, causing me extra expenses UK side, and the management was incapable of grasping why I was upset. On the flight the staff put on 1 film for the all the passengers and it started half way and on the connecting flight Kigali to Heathrow they put on the same film. Coffee had to be requested and seemed like a big deal to be provided. At Kigali we were bombarded with final calls for our connecting flight leaving in 40 min after the first stage landing. Bottlenecks at poorly staffed passport control and 5 yes 5 boarding pass checks truly added to the nerve jangling attempt to board but again no need to panic. The flight left late in any case. Given 3 suppers meaning woken up again to eat some amorphous mulch. Awful cheap and nasty experience. But actually not that cheap. KLM is a better deal pound for pound. Unless you enjoy stress that you are paying through your nose for.
  We missed our flight from Lisbon to Amsterdam because of the long waiting time at the security control line In the TAP office the lady was incompetent and said that wasnt their problem to be late because of the control and I should make another booking and pay for it. The next one was at next day. She didnt offer us a hotel or another ticket. I must book a flight to Brussel with fast track and payed around 800 euros for that! I took a taxi then from Brussel to Amsterdam , so i can join an important appointment at next day. The whole situation was so awful and I wouldnt recommend TAP Portugal.
Virgin America was a great airline to fly. The crew was helpful, the plane was clean and the seats were pretty comfortable for the 3 or so hour flight to Orlando. I really liked the plane, the interior decor was great and I really like how you can order food from your seat, and drinks are free! Just a great lower cost option to fly!
  Kefalonia to Corfu. Absolutely terrible experience. The flight was delayed 2 hours, no information was given at all, the information boards were not updated, none of the flight tracker websites were updated with the delay. We had to just sit in the airport, hoping the flight wasnt cancelled. Such a joke. When the plane did arrive no explanation or apology was given. Worst customer service ever. The Greek aviation industry has ruined my impression of Greece.
 Boarding was done efficiently  we were in zones and to prevent the inevitable attempts at queuejumping staff were there to tell people to go to the back on the line. Masks were obligatory but social distancing was not. The aircraft was exceptionally clean and many of the seats in economy were empty  which is always a recipe for a pleasant flight. Toilets were clean. There was a broad selection of movies and the aircraft had decent screens. The only problem is that the controls are mounted in the arm rests which meant that occasionally the movie would freeze as your arms brushed against the panel. The flight was slightly delayed but arrived on time. Food was served promptly  a choice of beef or chicken with a roll, crackers, cheese and a biscuit. Although nothing special it was more than adequate. There was more wine if you asked. On landing at LHR there was the usual long walk at T2 and then delays at the eGates as passengers wondering why they were not working while they were wearing masks. The bags also took a long time to load onto the belt. Having flown on a 787 and then an A350 in quick succession, with identical seats, the latter would be my preferred aircraft the flight seemed smoother and quieter and it simply felt better. Given the cheapness of the ticket this flight offered incredible value for money especially as it included one hour free wifi.
  In June, my flight from DC to Brussels was canceled less than 10 hours before departure, and I was offered another seat a whole TEN days after my original flight. Given this insane rebooking option, I had to buy a new flight on the spot, at double the price that I originally paid. I requested a refund from Brussels for that leg of the round trip flight. It took like two weeks to receive it even though it was totally their fault. Finally, in July, I check in online for my return ticket to DC and the online portal for Brussels shows Im confirmed on the flight. I receive an email to check in. I come to the airport 2.5 hours before my flight and apparently theres some issue with my ticket. Brussels canceled my entire ticket when I requested a refund for the flight they canceled. The ticketing agent tried to help me and the line to the ticketing desk is the most ridiculous Ive ever seen. Also, impossible to be rebooked quickly by phone  they need to call you back and cant take payment over the phone. I have never ever seen an airline so incompetent, so understaffed, so awful and such a piece of trash.
 Apart from the lie flat bed this is basically Premium Economy. The food is absolutely awful and totally substandard for business class. This is one of the main reasons I say it is more premium economy. The tray is not at all business class, small and cramped. The plates not at all up to standard. My main was a sausage! Can you believe this? The accompaniment of hash browns were soggy because chef in his wisdom had them up against cabbage...which of course is wet. So a main of a sausage, wet hash browns and cabbage. I didnt eat this mess. Disgraceful. My wifes salmon was swimming in oil and inedible. The dessert might have been acceptable but it was tiny...hardly a full spoonful. The drinks selection is basic. A two type wine selection for Red and white....no quality spirits...no dessert wine. No cheese board for after. The IFE is dated with a very small selection. The only thing that was good were the cabin crew. Excellent and I could see they were embarrassed regarding the food. No. This was beyond disappointing. We were totally surprised at their business class. We would not fly this airline again.
  This short flight was great. There is no IFE and you have to pre order or buy your food. Food is in small portion and high prized. The crew is very friendly and very professional. Of course Boeing 787 is great but you have to pay for plugging in your electronic equipment unless you are in Biz. They provide paid WiFi unless you are in Biz but is slow that is worthless.
  American airlines delayed our flight 5 times in a matter of hours due to personnel issues. This caused us to miss our connecting flight. They wanted to rebook us on a flight 2 days later. It took me 6 hours to get an answer as to why this was happening and find a new way home which was $2000. When I emailed customer relations no one would speak on the phone they offered me a $25 travel credit. This doesnt even cover 1 ticket. I dont recommend American airlines.
  Surat Thani to Bangkok. When we tried adding extra baggage the mobile site did not work. We tried the process on 2 different phones on the evening beforehand. Since we were travelling and had to reach deadlines we were not able to complete the process online. When we arrived at the airport they charged 300 baht per kilo of checked in baggage. Initially they were asking for 4500 baht around 150€ for the 15 kg bag, but I managed to get it down to 9 kg by throwing belongings away and packing stuff into the carry on baggage. This exceeds the cost of the flight and is unacceptable in my eyes. While booking they never showed the costs for this and I am steaming over the fact their mobile site was this useless. Personel was of little to no help and I refuse to fly with them in the future.
  In December 2019, My wife was travelling with my 3 young children using Royal Brunei Airline from Melbourne to Kota Kinabalu transiting at Brunei. Then with connecting flight Malindo Air  Kota Kinabalu to Kuching. No Notification of flight delay We were only told of flight delay till 2130HR vs original departure at 1845HR, after waiting in line for 45mins at Melbourne Airport to check in. We would appreciate if the airline could send us an advanced notification about the delay but NOT upon check in. We have arrived in Melbourne airport by 1520HR. Having the young children to wait at the airport for 7 hours till departing time 2230HR, without any assistance extended was not a good experience. Making matter worse, we were declined our request for a simple meal arrangement. This was not a very considerate and responsible gesture  as you can tell the delayed flight hour had passed the dinner time and we didnt request for anything unreasonable. Poor arrangement on Connecting flight We repeatedly express our concern of how this delay would impact our connecting flight,  ground staff reassured us that the delay will not affect the connecting flight to Kota Kinabalu. She affirmed that the flight will definitely wait for my family to connect to Kota Kinabalu as many passengers were transiting as well. It was obvious enough, from frequent traveling experience, having 30mins time to transit was quite impossible but we were once again reassured that we could make it. As expected, my family missed the connecting flight. My family was stranded and had to wait for the next available connecting flight to Kota Kinabalu at 2330HR on 11122019 vs original flight at 0030HR on 11122019. As a result of above delay, the connecting flight from Kota Kinabalu to Kuching were forfeited, costing us extra expenses to purchase a new flight ticket.  When venting our frustration with Brunei Airline ground staff, the lady tried to reassure us that they will try to help to get a reasonable reimbursement and even attempt to negotiate with Malindo air to reschedule a connecting flight from Kota Kinabalu to Kuching. My family were then quickly shoved onto a bus full of other waiting passenger to a complimentary hotel and asked to wait for the update but no phone calls or follow up message received. When we called up the next day, the airline staffs denied any arrangement or promise being made, and deterred all responsibilities. No apologies made. We were feeling helpless. The original trip was supposed to take only 1 day to reach the final destination but the whole journey was prolonged to 2 days in the end. Sadly, there was no empathy or service assistance throughout the whole journey, which made it even more painful to travel.
  Twenty years in the film distribution business and never once has an airline refused to allow me to hand carry movie posters in a tube until my first flight with Zipair from NRTSIN on Nov 4th 2022. They said my poster tube exceeded the dimensions of their overhead compartment. They insist that I paid for another 23kg of checkin luggage when my checkin luggage was 19.5kg of 23kg and my hand carry was only 4.5kg of 7kg. It was very clear that they did not want to listen to my explanation that my luggage was under weight and the poster tube weighed under 2kg. They kept saying that it is company policy. The flight was less than 20 occupied. A Very empty flight. The overhead compartment would have easily contained my poster tube with plenty of space to spare. Poster paper measures 27inch width and 39inch height rolled into a poster tube cardboard 2 inches longer than the posters width.  The cabin crew were unsmiling patrolling the aisles like the police. I found them annoying as they made their presence felt, too much and gave out that I am watching you feeling. And its not like they were giving out water. You have to pay for it. My prepaid inflight meal was not bad. The expensive wagyu beef bowl is available and they seemed to have stopped selling their normal beef bowl.minus points here Purchased a can of Suntory Premium Beer and Pringles. Paid with a credit card but had to type in my details on their tablet. Prices were reasonable but I had to selftype all the cc details, etc for it to happen. Cash is not accepted for inflight sales. Otherwise, the flight was smooth., cabin was clean hardly any pax Less rigidity and friendly cabin crew may improve business. Keep your current attitude and Scoot will benefit most with their flexibility and surprisingly professional and charming cabin crew on my SINNRT flight on the same trip. Both flight tix were bought using the airline official website.
This past weekend we flew in a turboprop to Launceston. A lovely experience it flies low enough to enjoy the scenery of Port Phillip Bay and then the landing. On the way we had cold or hot drinks offered two cookies in a bag. On the way back which was early Monday morning we had 2 small quiches each apple water little muesli bite coldhot drinks which is pretty good for such a short flight. The crew were probably not as immaculate as on longer haul flights but made up for that in warm friendliness. The seats probably had more room than we had in our last long haul flight Cathay Pacific and were quite comfy. Of course there is no entertainment but its such a short flight you dont really need it. A good positive experience Id happily do again.
Istanbul Ataturk to Baku with Azerbaijan Airlines. Despite having high prices AZAL offers good product especially on this route. AZAL does not allow you to purchase tickets online with plastic cards if it is not issued under passengers name. They also stated AZAL holds right to check authenticity of plastic cards during check in andor boarding. In my case my parents wanted purchase this ticket but according to this they could not do it online. They personally went their office in Baku and purchased it. And AZAL added office fee. This is user unfriendly rule  Online check in was smooth. The flight was half empty so I could choose seat 12A. I had bicycle to transfer to Baku. According to AZALs rules passengers can carry 1 piece sport equipment free of charge. In Ataturk airport staff seemed not to know this rule. I argued a bit then they take my mountain bike free of charge. It was handled gently which made me satisfied. The flight scheduled to depart at 1220. This period used to be pretty busy at IST airport but we departed on time.  The flight was operated by 5 years old Boeing 767300er. The aircraft was showing its age but perfectly maintained. Seat was comfortable and legroom was ok for 2.5 hours flight. Seat next to me was empty which gave me more comfort. Cleanliness of lavatory was fine too. Crew distributed hot towels and headsets before take off. Complimentary food and drinks served onboard. Drink service started shortly after take off. They offered different soft drinks, biscuits and crackers. Lunch service followed. They did not have menus. Lunch consisted of buckwheat and meat balls with tomato sauce, fresh vegetable salad, 3 pieces of cheese, a piece of cake. Soft and alcoholic beverages also served. During lunch they also served tea with lemon. Usually Azerbaijani people prefer to have their dessert with tea. So very nice touch by AZAL! Inflight entertainment well below my expectations and general standards. Seat pocket items were just safety card and Azerbaijan Airlines magazine. The magazine mostly contained articles about BAKU2015 first European games which is not so fun for those who do not have any interest to sports just like me. I had a seatback screen but it did not entertain me that much. IFE contained pretty old movies and screen was sometimes not sensitive at all. So IFE was the worst part of flying experience. We landed on time and I had my luggage shortly.  I would recommend AZAL and would fly with them again. But I hope next time better cabin crew and IFE will be there.
  Fuzhou to Jakarta. This flight is the worst I have ever had. The plane have to divert to Palembang and there is no update on the Jakarta flight. All passengers have to wait with no certainty for several hours on the plane. This is the last trip with this airline
  I didnt have check in baggage so no check in experience. Boarding experience was  totally mismanaged, no queue, no sequential boarding. Seats are better that LCC. Working IFE system and had good collection of movies. Meal served was good, cabin crew were courteous. Departed on little late and reached Delhi 15 min late. Overall mix experience.
  So we paid £4K for 4 tickets to be upgraded to business class, the family wanted to try it out so I thought lets do it. We checked in at the business class dedicated desk and were advised by the Emirates staff to proceed to gate 7 where we will find the lounge. Hand tickets over and told you dont have access, no explanation just handed back by some power enjoying jobs worth with no options offered. I was stunned. Checked Emirates website and it clearly states our class of travel has lounge access. This is very frustrating and an underhanded approach from Emirates. Turns out this is correct, but why on earth dont you train staff to explain this or clearly print on the ticket  emailed ticket  purchase confirmation. This must cause so many issues at the airport for people. You buy business class tickets you always get the lounge  so I thought. A very poor decision on Emirates behalf if you ask me. What a disappointment.
  No issues. Decent meal. Good entertainment. The domestic flights inside of Greenland dont have any food or entertainment, but this one long haul route does. Would fly again.
  My flight started on March 18 KULFRA and we were asked to check in our Baby stroller at the gate and we will get it in Germany. The food was not same as before and the quality is pretty bad. Upon arrival we were informed that our stroller did not make the flight and it was delay for 3 days. Worse part when the stroller was return it was damaged. On our return flight April 15 FRA  KUL We found out that our original seats which was bassinet seats were changed and we had to go to the airport early to make sure that my baby has a bassinet. This was very frustrating for us with a 1yr old baby. We were also ask to check in at the gate another bag that contains my baby items as it was too big to go into the overhead cabin as per the crew.  Upon check in we were move to the back side on the aircraft not the seats we booked. The food was not good as well and too far in between for a 12hr flight, the crew was helpful but not regularly offering drinks snacks not sure if that is the new standard. Meals was served less than 1hr before landing and the crew was rushing the meals. Upon arrival at Singapore a delay on our bags, so we had to wait and check at the airport longer just to get some clarification. They didnt know where our bags are and just informed us that it will be delivered home. Once my baggage was delivered, my luggage was damaged and unusable wheels caved in and the fragile sticker gone. 
  I was flying from Belo Horizonte to So Paolo and first the flight got moved making me lose my connection to Mexico City. And because of that, they changed our flight telling us the wrong information about what we would get as a compensation. The man said to pick up our luggage in So Paolo. Once we arrived to So Paolo, another man giving vouchers clearly said we shouldnt pick up our bags because it was directly moved to our final destination. We double even tripled asked to make sure as we have been told otherwise, and he assured our bags were on the right track. 12 hours later we arrived finding out that our bags are lost and nowhere to be found even though they had put them on the system even before we got out of the airport. I have been in contact with the airline through WhatsApp asking about my bag status and they only say it takes time and that I have to wait. I have asked information about where to go in the airport as Im flying today to another destination, so I can check directly in the airport but they only can say I need to ask at the airport, not providing any useful information about which terminal or desk should I ask. Not traveling with Latam airlines again, thats for sure.
 Mexico City to Meridia. Despite the comfortable Airbus and the nice staff, I will never use this company anymore. They changed my booking to a latenight flight without even notifying me! I checked my reservation the night before the flight and find all good so I go to the airport in time and realize they canceled my flight and booked me a late flight that, of course, is delayed. No explanation, no assistance in the airport, they dont even tell you they changed your flight! I checkin, go to the gate to board and then I realize Im in another flight.
  Bangkok to Hat Yai. Perfect flight. Boarding and take off on time. Comfortable seats. Very kind flight attendant service. Landing a bit hard but on time. I was really impressed how boarding was organized.
  I will like to thank entire staff of Air Asia. We were on family vacation with my 2.6 year old child and got amazing cooperation. Without any hassle we could book seats and the entire journey was enjoyable. Will like to be thankful to the pilots as the landing on all the flights was smooth. I paid my gratitude to the staff personally too.
  We had a problem with our original flights with another airline to Mexico and couldnt miss our hotel reservation. Brian at Aeromexico not only went above and beyond to put us on new flights, he made sure our baggage fee was waived and if that wasnt enough, hand delivered our connecting flight boarding passes when we already boarded the first plane. Although the flight was expensive, you seldom see good service like that!
  I called the booking site FlyFar today and allegedly the agents have been requesting refunds from Norwegian since last month. They are offering travel credits to fly by Dec. 31st 2020, when we do not even know when COVID19 will end to make sure it is safe for us to fly. They refuse to process flights for those us who have been extremely inconvenienced by this COVID19. 
  Id like to know why this airline has to transport its passengers from Terminal 3 to a small good for nothing Terminal, 2 miles away by bus, when West Jet same company has its passengers board at Terminal 3, with plenty of gates open. This is such an inconvenience. Plus they havent changed since the last time we flew with them in 2020. Whats up SunWing! Ive flown SunWing about 10 times now. I guess its time for a change.
  No online boarding which led to an hour and a half line to check in They took my hand luggage when boarding and told me that you need to pay extra if you want to be sure to have it on board never got this information beforehand . The aircraft members were so rude and treated me so badly with a very arrogant tone. Then I had to carry my heavy computer in my hands and they didnt offered me even a bag to transport it. I had 5 hours transit time between my flights and had to carry this laptop everywhere. They really dont care about the comfort of their passengers and just want to make extra money whenever they want. On top of that, my luggage was lost and not registered on my next flight when I asked the airline to check it out. Ive been really lucky to find it at my destination but no proper follow up was possible. I will never use this airline anymore.
  Sold me a flight that doesnt exist! Nasty shock at Dubrovnik Airport to find the flight sold to me by Jet2 and confirmed does not operate. Customer service? You must be joking! Stranded, out of pocket, no answer when I called. Good luck to you and your family if you risk your holiday with this outfit.
  Copenhagen to Bucharest with Blue Air. Everything was perfect. The flight took off earlier than scheduled. Everything went smoothly and extremely efficient. The plane was in good condition and clean.
  This was the worst airline I have travelled long distance. Neither flight was I able to sit together with my partner all together we had 4 flights. We had to sit separately. The seats were broken. The seats in the last row were absolutely ruined, full of springs, on the way back my seat was not fixed  I could remove seating area. I also could not lean back my seat so for 5 hours I needed to sit straight up, sitting between two strong men who took up even 14 of my space from each side  it was the same on 2 flights. The seating area is narrow, not comfortable. One plane did not have entertainment so they say we can watch it on our smart phones but it did not work. The food was not good, they ran out of white wine. Stewardesses were not as kind as other airlines.  Overall I hope I would never fly with this company again.
 Flight at 8.40am from DUB to LCY cancelled 1155pm night before. No text message. No phone. Waiting at bus stop and randomly checked email to see alternate flight option. Hang on? Whats this! It was dark at 5am. It was hard to see mobile phone screen. Im still jet lagged. Only option was to LHR at 9.20am. Tried calling. No one there. So accepted it. But I didnt see the day change! It was the next day! I didnt want the flight as was staying at Docklands hence choosing LCY but thought I better take it as its leaving an hour after the original flight. Nope. I better call to say hey sorry I screwed up. Your flight is not going to work for me. I dont have any more accommodation in Dublin and I dont want to waste one night in London. Called. The most surly customer service can you even be called that when you treat people like this answered. She kept calling me James not my name. She was brutal. You accepted it. I cant do anything. She basically made me feel like a moron because in a moment of confusion I accepted the first available flight from the stupid supercomputer. She kept telling me about the algorithm and this was the flight that was chosen. But if you had called us we could have put you onto a Aer Lingus flight! Why didnt you call? You are at fault. Just so callous and uncaring. She wanted to charge me 600 pounds in new flights and change fees. I said nope and booked a flight today with Ryanair. Plus I need to find my way from Gatwick to Docklands. More money from me because of BAs utter contempt for their passengers. Ive been flying Qantas for 25 years and they can do some funky stuff. But never this level of cruelty because of one simple error. Never again. How do people accept such utter contempt and ineptitude? Welcome to the U.K.! Just wow.
  Even though I am an American, I was offended how rude they were with Serbian people. I fly 50  flights a year and I have never seen such rudeness.  I found the culture of flight attendants to be rude and pathetic. I know it is a low cost airline, but kindness and smile should still be free.
  Garoua to Douala in Cameroon. Didnt really have a choice as CamairCo is the only airline that flies this route. Scheduled for 615pm local, the flight was delayed by 10 hours, pax were not notified. Only came to know about this when I went to the airport  which was full of confused passengers and no staff. A sign was written on a piece of paper  this was the only notice the airline provided. No other details. No arrangements were made for the delay  no food, no water no accommodation etc. Absolutely ridiculous. The aircraft finally arrived at 310 am. It did not depart till 430am  a full 10 hours after the scheduled departure time. The reason for the delay was not notified to the passengers. We were made to board the aircraft and just sit inside, while there was a huge commotion going on in the cockpit. Apparently the pilots refused to take off as they had ended their shifts. The flight only took off after the police were called and there were physical altercations with the pilots. What a joke of an airline. The people running this airline ought to be ashamed of themselves. Will never fly them ever again. 010.
  The flight was on time. I bought the ticket online. I paid a total of 8000 baht for a round trip as an offer was there. Crews were friendly. Food was good. Check in at Dhaka was good.
  Within 15 hours after booking, I had to cancel ie well within the 24 hour cancellation window. First of all, virtually impossible to get hold of anyone. Eventually tried Facebook Messenger, as recommended on th LOT website. Took almost an hour to cancel the ticket, after which I was informed that it would tale up to 47 working days to receive the refund. Never ever experienced a similar lack of service level. This was without any doubt the first and last time I considered flying with LOT.
Round trip from OR Tambo to Richards Bay. On time departures and on time arrivals on both occasions. Comfortable seats  good service. Planes are noisy Dash 400. Baggage arrival at Richards Bay took for ages with no explanation. Rather expensive for such a short flight. Otherwise no complaints.
Estonian Air 145 TallinnCopenhagen June 12 2014. Flew Tallinn Copenhagen in flex class premium economy which means free meal and bar service 23 kgs of luggage and flexibility to change tickets. The food consisted of smoked salmon on a slice of bread a small but fresh salad and an appetizing Sacher cake. Not too much but enough for the 1hr 20 minute flight. Swift boarding and disembarkation aircraft clean and fresh newspapers available friendly staff clear safety announcements over good audio system and interesting inflight magazine to while the time away. Estonian Air is a small and pleasant regional airline.
  My son had vomited on a flight where my partner had left his seat to request assistance. He had gone to the adjoining cabin where he was ignored. My partner then spoke with an attendant, who started serving drinks meal in our cabin, who came to assess the situation and then continued to serve drinks and ignore us. From my seat, I had tried to call out to another FA, who also was serving drinks meals in our cabin, however did not acknowledge us. I raised my voice to attract attention to no avail. Another attendant who walked past, I had shouted for assistance, who stopped and provided help. Both the other FAs on separate occasions when approaching to serve us, had apologised and began to excuse their busy schedule but was unable to advise why they did not call for additional assistance. I spoke to a senior attendant, who apologised and advised the approach taken is not protocol and should not have happened.
 As I sit typing this review, our flight originally departing at 8.40pm has been delayed more than 4 hours and we have yet to begin boarding. Estimated time of boarding was at midnight. Upon checkin at 5pm this afternoon, I inquired upon an earlier flight since we have had a sudden death in the family, namely, my grandmother. We were supposed to attend her wake this evening. I was informed by airport staff that there were no earlier flights we can transfer to. Since then, we had to wait in the overcrowded and freezing cold predeparture terminal. Food stands ran out of food due to the volume of passengers waiting at NAIA and we have been informed of delays pushing back every hour, preventing us from being able to make a decision on the most comfortable arrangement with regards to changing or keeping our flight in lieu of an overnight accommodation in Manila. Suffice it to say, we will never be flying AirAsia Philippines again and would not recommend this airline.
  I am 94 years old and requested wheelchairassistance, which was granted. I would like to thank all personnel for helpfulness and friendliness throughout flight and arrival in Cape Town. Assistance with luggage retrieval and safe delivery to family. I appreciate high quality treatment.
  Milan Bergamo to Pantelleria. The checkin lady told us that due to a new airline rule introduced on the 17th May 2017 all passenger information has to match exactly the travel documents. Rule that turned out to be a problem for my wife her second name was not in the booking information. For the simple reasons that there was not such rule at the time of booking. And no such rule on many other airlines by the way.The booking form on the airlines website does not have a field for second names. Result 50€ to pay on the spot. With no choice really lose the flight or pay up. Called the airline the same day and pointed out all the issues. According to Blue Panorama the new policy is a tremendous improvement, allowing the valued customer to take the flight with a little bit of extortion. I learned that the booking form still has no field for the second name but the customer is expected to input any additional names in the name field after the first one, without spaces. This is priceless. Not surprisingly, I also learnt that the only way to request a reimbursement is to send an insured letter. Im Italian so I know how this works you spend the 6 Euros for the letter then wait for the usual many years for a no, then get the lawyers involved.
  This was a terrible experience. We had to return to our hotel because of some items left behind and tried to send our adult kids ahead of us knowing that we were going to miss our flight and the airline did everything they could to make this experience impossible. The lady helping them couldnt have be any worse. We then bought tickets on Avianca and it was a very pleasant end to a bad day.
  Worst Airline Ive flown with economy seat. Seated in front of the toilet, last row and given the last option. I requested for window or aisle and not in front of the toilet but was given the worst seat I ever had ever since i traveled to anywhere. Staff are unfriendly and one of the worst meal from Hong Kong to Narita.  Crew at the back are very loud before take Off. They need to have a serious customer service training. Seats are worn out.
  I was flying within the European Union and the employees of this company at the checkin desk did not know that I did not need a covid test. I almost missed my flight.
I always find Thai AirAsia cabin crews to be efficient and friendly with a good service mind. The ground experience is from poor to fair. I need to use a wheelchair and there is little care given for people with mobility challenges.  We were kept waiting for a wheelchair in Bangkok, staff arrived with a wheelchair that was in very poor state of repair.  No wheelchair in Krabi but the distances were short enough that it was okay. The troubles at Krabi airport when there was no special desk for people who had paid for the priority service. Another passenger who was also physically challenged and I had to wait nowhere to sit until we approached the people at the desks. A wheelchair was produced and the person taking care of me was very good. When we got to the Bangkok airport after having to get on a bus that is physically challenged there was no one waiting for myself or the other passenger wheelchair. It took a significant amount of time and discussion before they came.
  Baltimore to Frankfurt via Keflavik. Worst airline ever! We got stuck in Reykjavik on a base for 24hrs and then they flew us to Berlin instead of Frankfurt and provided a bus to bring us to FRA. We took the train and wanted to get our money reimbursed but they couldnt even do that, worst airline ever do not book with them, it is cheap but you will regret it soon!
  Flight was leaving at 23.15 and after an hour and a half flying had to get back to airport due to a medical emergency of a passenger. Upon landing we were left inside the plane in the tarmac until 415 am and told to deplane and pick up our luggage and flight would be cancelled. Zipair did not take responsibility for the passengers and just left everyone to sort themselves out at 5am, even families with small children,  their reply was oh, there are many hotels in Bangkok. When these situations have occurred to me always airline took to hotel, specially once we had already left ground. They didnt offer anything at all at the time Flight was rescheduled for the next day at the same time.. upon checking in at 10pm or so, they offered a meal voucher of 300THB as compensation couldnt they have given the voucher in the morning and not just an hour before leaving. Will not recommend to anyone
  Istanbul to Rome. The staff at the Istanbul boarding gate  grabbed my carryon luggage and started weighing. I was surprised and I am presented with a bill of 240 of some currency, for carrying overweight carryon and laptop bag. I asked to know what weight my carryon was but no answer. Another man came more rude than the others. He seized my bag and asked to either pay or I would not be allowed to fly. Granted my bag was weighed with water and food that I just bought at the airport, my phone and mp3 player, my wallet and my camera were all in the bags. I did buy some souvenir at the airport and could have removed them but he refused to reweigh my bags saying I had to pay or forfeit my bag. I eventually gave them my Amex card for the $72 bill. Lo and behold we dont take Amex is what I was told, well thats a problem as thats all I had. No cash. They insisted on cash or no box while also threatening to prevent me from flying when my wife was already boarded. I was eventually allowed on the flight with only my computer bag while my carryon luggage was confiscated. I arrived at Rome with no box or any information as to how to collect my box. I had to file a lost baggage claim. This is an airline I will recommend that people avoid at all cost.
  I was flying from Dubai to Gabon and my boyfriend and I had one carryon bag each. Once we got to the departing time at the gate, they begin to weight everybody carryons bag and asked people to pay for the extra weight. They told my boyfriend and I we have 5kg extra each and we need to pay $500 for it. At the cashier we gave them our credit card to pay and the refused saying they only take cash. We didnt have cash so they asked us to just throw the extra weight to trash if we want to fly. We were in one of the most developed city in the world and we couldnt use our credit card. We even ask them if they can keep our bags so we can pay cash for it once we get to Gabon because we couldnt find cash right now at the airport we already spent our daily cash withdrawals limit. They refused all our proposals and asked us to pay cash or trash our staff. At the end they were about to close the gate and we had no choice but the leave our bags there and take the flight. Once we got to Kigali we asked to speak to an agent and he said they dont deal with issues regarding Dubai and there is nothing they can do about it. Same thing in Libreville.
  Horrible airline and will never fly with them again. I tried to upgrade 2nd leg of my journey. They said my bid not successful and i can increase my bid. Which I tried failed as their website not allowed. 3 4 hrs before 2nd check in at Abu Dhabi airport got mail saying there is issue with charging me for my upgrade bid. Which I fixed and they charged my card. Then drama started. Not getting confirmation, approached transfer desk 3 times they said call call center. Called them being told connect to transfer desk. After ping pong finally able grab call centre they said checking with other team what is happening. Same happened with 3 consultants 3 times by the time after 1015 call got disconnected. Tried to chat they said wait for confirmation mail. Boarding started, flight about close in 20 min, called again 4 time was told call back to check status in 10 min. Called again 5th tome after 10 min just before flight close , was finally for answer we its system error they sent email and charged my card , though business seats available, i got error mail saying my bid success wrong charge. Traveling with my daughter and anguish they caused both of us. After 14 hr flight from Sydney to Abu Dhabi and 14 hr layover at airport, not even proper seating available and paid lounge fully booked. They supposed to provide hotel for long gap, was told rudely at Sydney airport they dont provide hotel as it was my choice to take later flight with 14 hr layover. I tried to explain to her, she is adamant there is earlier flight. Finally what a horrible trip.
  Swoop has the worst customer service. There absolutely no one to contact if you are having trouble signing into your Swoop account as you need to be signed in to your account to access customer service! Also, when you try to reset your password the temporary password always includes an o or a 0. So you have to try it several ways to figure out if its a number or a letter and the passcode is case sensitive so then you have to try lower case and upper case. In the end it just doesnt work. I asked at the Swoop counter when checking in for our flight if there is a customer service number I can call for any assistance and I was told there is not. We fly to Florida often and have family across Canada. We will be using other airlines until Swoop can figure out their customer service issue.
  Doha to Manchester via Muscat. My flight from Manchester was delayed, upon asking Oman Air about my connection flight to Doha from Muscat. They told me it would not be delayed because captain would make up the time, during flight no confirmation or no announcement that people would miss connecting flight. Upon arrival at Muscat, it was very difficult to find out my next flight. We were give a breakfast voucher which only worth it for cup of coffee or cheap burger. I miss my original flight and because of that I arrived very late in Doha and as a consequence missed very important meeting in Doha.
 Milan to Dakar with Air Italy. Both flights were on time on new B737MAX8, seats were narrow and if the next seat was occupied you felt cramped. Legroom was 30in, we bought expensive LXseats 2 rows after business  2 rows by exits. No IFE and for 6 hour flight could be a problem, our flight was a red eye one so we slept all the way. Service was professional and food was plenty and tasty. Overall a good experience.
Saint Martin to Curacao with Insel Air. I dont have words enough to tell you how bad this airline is. It took me 11 hours normally takes an hour to fly from Saint Martin to Curacao. Even worst was that they didnt tell anyone what was going on. No restitution was offered, no hotel, nothing. And flying back same thing. Staff are rude, almost antisocial.
  Ho Chi Minh City to Bangkok. Worst airline ever. My friend and I were traveling all over SE Asia for two weeks when I first flew AirAsia, instead of taking buses and trains all over we decided it would be best to fly since the prices werent bad at all. Several of our flights were close to an hour late, I was very crammed in the seat, and if the people in front of you want to lay their seats in your lap the seats recline far back enough to do so. The flight attendants have no problem getting uncomfortably close in an attempt to have you turn your phone totally off.
  I made the mistake of not booking my flight through their website, and as a result, they wouldnt let me check in online. When I arrived at the airport, they forced me to pay an extra 30 euro for onboard checkin, even though I had already paid for my ticket. This is nothing but a sneaky way for them to nickel and dime unsuspecting passengers. Not only that, but the staff were incredibly rude and unhelpful throughout the entire process. They seemed to take pleasure in making my experience as miserable as possible. Ive flown with a lot of budget airlines in the past, but Ryanair takes the cake for being the worst. Their business practices are nothing but shady and underhanded, and I would never recommend anyone fly with them. Save yourself the headache and book with a more reputable airline!
 Jet2 are a complete disgrace. Let me warn you all, once you have paid and your holiday starts, you will have no means of contact during or after your stay. We arrived in Malaga to colect our hire car from Goldcar, we had an issue and tried to call the rep, nothing just music for over an hour. We tried throughout the whole holiday, nothing. We returned home, nothing. It is a huge shame. Everything went to plan until we tried to make contact them about our hire car rip off. They will never answer you or ask for you to PM them, if you get an answer they will state they will call you back in 7 days. Jet2 have known about goldcar since 2012 yet they still use them. 
  Very poor baggage services from KLM. Its been five 5 whole days since my arrival and KLM still cannot find all 3 of my checkedin bags! My transit flights were operated by Virgin Atlantic and Delta Airlines and they have both confirmed the bags went into KLMs custody In Amsterdam. KLM has not attached any sense of urgency to the issue. At least, send one of the bags and tell me to wait for the other two! I am so disappointed. I do not recommend KLM at this time.
  The flight was booked for my father, a Ukrainian refugee, fleeing the horrific reality of what is going on in Southern Ukraine. He was denied access to the flight because Condor  wrongfully told him that he has to be vaccinated  have a negative covid 19 test to enter the country. According to AMENDED NATIONAL INTEREST EXCEPTION FROM PRESIDENTIAL PROCLAMATION 10294 ADVANCING THE SAFE RESUMPTION OF GLOBAL TRAVEL DURING THE COVID19 PANDEMIC, and I quote  President of US determined it is in the national interest to permit temporarily the entry of noncitizen nonimmigrants who 1 are traveling with a U.S. citizen or lawful permanent resident 2 were physically present in Ukraine as of February 10, 2022 and 3 possess valid travel documents allowing them to travel to the United States. He had a valid Ukraine passport with a visa that covers him under this mandate. They dismissed him in the most disrespectful manner and misguided him into staying in the airport without means to flying and German language deficiency to escalate the issue to proper channels to get on the flight. It is unacceptable handling of the matter by Condor as a company and its employees. We had to rebook a flight on United at triple the cost and he was able to fly with no issues or any Covid19 constraints.
  Avoid at all cost! The lady at the gate did not let me on the plane because they thought the rules for entry in UK were different to the actual rules. They did not let me talk to a manager. She just ignored me, told me to call the embassy, leave the airport to talk to an agent, ignored me again, and then just left at the end. I was not the only person in this situation. Firstly, if you have a boarding pass you should be let in! You can always get fined by the country on arrival, which would not have been the case. Secondly, this was just ridiculous. I will now miss 2 days of work, and had to pay £600 for the next available flight. I knew they were bad, but not like this. Also, during this whole time the pilot was shouting at her to stop letting people in as it was late and he wanted to leave, only because she wasnt able to process everyone quickly enough. How could you do that?
 Would definitely never fly again with Air France or Delta. 1 I got my ticket from Delta and upgraded later to Premium Economy. The email I got from Delta says that my second checked luggage is free from JFK to IST see attached photo. Air France ground crew at JFK said that it is free only for JFK to CDG and that I had to pay for CDG to IST although my bags were going directly to IST after checking in. Delta should have informed better as their email was grossly misleading. 2 My Premium Economy seat footrest was broken. It was basically not there so probably people who sat at this seat put their feet on the back pocket of the seat infront of me so that was also broken see attached photo. For an upgraded seat that I paid extra for it was uncomfortable and not worth it. A cabin crew member came later and told me they will send me a discount coupon of 45 euros on my next flight ticket with Air France and that is the only thing that they can do. 3 On both ways in CDG transfer while going to the US and coming back from the US and flying to IST there is a security control with long lines. Getting just out of one flight trying to catch another and you are again stuck with a security control. Overall I am very unhappy with my choices and would probably never fly again with Air France or Delta. And probably direct flight from Turkey to US would be better because the CDG is also not very entertaining and has very little options due to terminalsgates in terms of services, shops, food and lounges. These tickets are not cheap even if they are not upgraded and still the service and aircraft are not up to the standards. And when you upgrade and pay extra hoping that you will get some rest and sleep the seats dont function as per my case.
  Flight on time, even landed 30 min ahead of schedule which was great. One thing to improve  there was no priority boarding from Reykjavik, we are paying for this and basically were boarded last.
  Singapore to Taipei, travelling in June 2017. Kudos to Customer Service Team for their quick and satisfactory service. They went against its nonrefund policy to grant me a USD60 refund for checked in baggage that I had wrongly booked. Though the amount involved is not a big amount, it shows their gesture of good will and willingness to be flexible and accommodating. Truly appreciated  its the little things that matter and so far so good.
 Flew Zanzibar to Milan with Privilege Style. The only bad thing was the absence of entertainment during the flight, which is disappointing when you have to fly for eight hours. The route map was shown just one hour before landing. The staff were very nice and caring. One meal and two snacks were offered.
New York JFK to Port of Spain. This was my first flight with Caribbean Airlines and I have to say it was one of the best flight experiences. The staff was courteous and informative, there was a meal which we did not anticipate, and no problems at all. I highly recommend them.
Flew Thomson Airways from Stockholm to Cancun this christmas with my family. The airplane was clean and felt fresh. Boarding was swift and without delays. The seats were nice, as far as economy seats go. After take off, the cabin service started and progressed at a decent pace. The dinner was really good and the personal inflight entertainment systems was great. The flight was quite full so it was fairly loud but nothing out of the ordinary. FAs did their work well. Only real negative was the poor breakfast that was offered, sort of a pasta salad that really wasnt something Id like for breakfast. All in all, it was a good flight. For an economy ticket, there was a surprisingly large amount of included stuff. I would fly Thomson again.
  Florence to London via Dusseldorf in September 2017. First flight from Florence delayed by 3 hours, resulting in missed connection. This wouldnt have been an issue, especially considering the airline was meant to reimburse all customers for costs of the delay. However, my checked baggage was misplaced. Again, this wouldnt have been an issue under normal circumstances. I spoke to the baggage handler who told me to come talk to him prior to the next mornings flight, which was due to leave at 6am. I was forced to pay for a taxi which totalled 100 Euro each way with promises of reimbursement to the hotel which the company had placed passengers in only to stay there for 4 hours before having to leave again to catch the rescheduled flight. When I went to see the baggage handler I wasnt able to find anyone in the department. I went to the Air Berlin help desk and after explaining the situation to the woman at the desk she said there was nothing she could do. I asked if she was able to call the person who handled baggage as I needed to put my checked luggage on the new flight and she said she could but wasnt going to. When I asked again, saying Please, I need to catch my flight on time. I cant wait for someone to answer me knocking at the door, my flight leaves in less than an hour and I have to go through security She promptly said to me in these exact words Why dont you just do everyone a favour and go away. I flew to my destination sans baggage and deeply offended. Being under 19 years old at the time and a solo flyer I am to this day outraged by the lack of sympathy and understanding of the customer support team. I had to wait 4 whole weeks for my luggage to arrive at my final destination. The airline owes me over 500 Euros in reimbursement, which it has managed to avoid paying due to their own fiscal troubles. I hope this airline is never resurrected and that no one is treated like that in there travels.
 Bangkok to Yangon. The check in was very easy and quick, the plane was clean, all the staff were really friendly and helpful, the flight was on time. I would definitely fly again with Nok Air.
Flew on Iran air earlier this week from Tehran to Beirut. The flight itself was on time and a reasonable meal was served. But what surprised me is that as soon as the plane landed and whilst still taxing to the gate people were are up getting bags out of the overhead lockers and beginning to queue at the door!. We hadnt even made it off the runway. The flight attendants didnt do or say anything. Surely this is a safety issue!
  I am writing based on an a poor experience I had with a Sun Country Airlines flight creditvoucher. Back in January 2020 I had made a flight reservation for my family from Denver to Minnesota for May 7, 2020. However because of the safety and health concerns and overall halt of essentially all activities related to the COVID pandemic, Sun Country offered me the opportunity to cancel my flight and for which I was issued a credit for future use. I was very pleased and grateful at the level of customer service Sun Country offered in such uncertain timesoutside of anyones control. However on June 28, 2021 as we are exiting the pandemic and the CDC has advised it is safe to travel again, I went to use my airline credit, only to find out that the credit has expired. After waiting for over an hour on the phone to talk to a customer service rep, I was met with hostility and an absolute disregard and resounding lack of accommodation or alternative to my situation. I consider traveling by air an expensive privilege and one that I am extremely grateful for but one I do not have the luxury of doing so very often. I am also conscious of cancelationrescheduling charges and terms during normal times but during these unprecedented times, I think it is so important for businesses to value their customers and vise versa. I was so disappointed at the lack of transparency by Sun Country when this credit was issued and I was not fully informed that the credit would expire. The lack of transparency by Sun Country coupled with the uncertainty of traveling until deemed safe by CDC and federal officials made planning future plans almost impossible and now that it seems like the nation is in the clear, Sun Country has made it unattainable for me. The lack of regard, customer service and appreciation for its customers during this critical time is why I am reluctant to use Sun Country again. If this is how Sun Country is treating all of its customers during this time, its a shame.
  Bangkok to Chiang Mai. Thai lion air is a subsidiary of Lion Air. Aircraft was cramped with little legroom. Landing was rough  bumpy. The flight took off  landed on time.
  This was the first and the last time my husband and I flew with ITA. The only thank you goes to the captain and pilots for a smooth and safe flight. The rest of our experience was below lowest expectations. The flight was delayed for 1.5 hours and there was no information either on the timetable or at the gate. The crowd was just standing for all that time. The food was horrible, drinks ordered only once. The flight attendants at least in Economy treated people like dirt. They were inconsiderate and sometimes, rude. I had to clean filthy tables myself, etc., etc. Italy is our favorite country in the world, and it is a shame that ITA represents Italy so poorly.
  Very disappointed to learn after Air Transat cancelled our flight no refund would be issued  only a credit. I realize Covid19 is an extreme situation but it is extreme for family as well. In the USA  the agency responsible for the airline industry had the backs of every American when the airlines attempted to do the same. The Dept of transportation DOT required airlines to issue refunds. So disappointed that the Canadian Transportation Authority will not require the same. We have enjoyed the direct flights to many destinations through Toronto but will not be flying in the future. We will stick to US flights to ensure we are covered financially should an event to this magnitude occur again. Fellow travelers  Buffalo and Niagara Falls airport is only a little more than an hour away  consider protecting your airline investment in the future by flying through the US! Good luck and stay healthy.
Allepo to Damascus return. Apart from slightly erratic departure times I could find no major fault with this inexpensive service. They give you a snack and tea and the staff are very helpful. A good way to get around.
Luton to New York Newark with La Compagnie, taking advantage of their offer of return trip for 2 for £1700. Having read some previous adverse comments about this airline, we were somewhat apprehensive about what to expect. I have to say, however that our fears were unfounded. The whole experience  apart from the state of Luton Airport, which is not La Compagnies fault  was very pleasant. The aircraft, which was immaculate, was not full on either leg, and the stewardesses, in their very smart uniforms, were friendly and most helpful. Indeed, service was excellent throughout, and food and wine were very good, albeit the coffee was tepid. Inflight entertainment is somewhat limited but was sufficient for a 7hour flight. We found the reclining seats comfortable with plenty of position options. Check in at Luton and customs and security screening was very efficient using the fast track lane, and the newly refurbished Aspire Lounge is very comfortable. Overall, La Compagnie offers excellent value for money and gives passengers who might otherwise travel in cramped economy class greater comfort and a more personal level of service for a little more than the cost of an economy class ticket. It is early days for the company and, hopefully, the occupancy rate on their flights will pick up and thus make it a viable financial venture. They certainly deserve to succeed.
  I picked this as I needed to be in Warsaw early in the morning and this was the earlier flight of the day, way better timewise compared to the train and price wise I paid similar to the train ride with way less time spend to travel. We boarded the plane in the tunnel rather than the outdoor stairs which was good as it was very cold outside that morning. As I was asleep for most of the flight I missed out on the complimentary pastry and water but coming to landing as I woke up the cabin crew offered me the pastry and water which I took. 
  Cabin staff was friendly. The gate staff in Pensacola were friendly and informative. However, the staff in Tampa at the gate was horrible and did not keep us up to date. She was coming at the passengers like they were committing a crime over not wearing masks and smoking which I did not see anyone not wearing a mask that wasnt eating nor did I see anyone smoking. She was very aggressive with her little announcement. The ticket booth opened up later than the rest of them in the morning and there was not much seating offered at the Pensacola gate. The cabin is tiny and seats are very uncomfortable even for the small duration of the flight. It was hot and we were offered warm water. The worst part of this was that the flight was delayed due to weather in Tallahassee so they unloaded 8 suitcases so that the plane can fly. Nobody was notified. We were all just standing around waiting and I had to start asking around. Silver did not have an office so we had to go to the ticket booth to ask and submit a claim even though my name was not on the list of 8 ppl given to the staff. This is disheartening as I learned that some of the fellow passengers had important medication in their checked bags. If bags must be removed they should certainly ask about who relies heavily on items in their bags to LIVE! As it is frustrating to not have my luggage my life doesnt depend on it. The removed luggage was placed on a Delta flight that was not arriving until almost midnight. This is unacceptable! I would pay 3x more for a better experience from a flight in the same state.
  Muscat to Tbilisi. Salam Air is a fairly new budget airline operating out of Muscat, Oman. Checkin in MCT was extremely slow. With only some 10 people in front of me, I needed more than one hour to get my boarding pass. At the gate at the time of boarding, a 30min delay was announced which  half an hour later  was extended by a further 30 min. This went on in increments until we finally left at 3 am instead of the scheduled 11 pm. Since there were hardly 30 pax on the A320, everybody had a full row for a short sleep at last. Return was spot on time. Checkin in Tbilissi swift. Plane now packed to the last seat. These are reasonably comfortable but tight, as is to be expected for a budget airline. There is no IFE and no free food. Water was distributed though.
LHRBerlin 29 December  an hour late leaving and on board staff did nothing to hurry up the boarding process. Virtually zero legroom in Basic which might have been OK but the seats in front reclined. Returned 1 January and even that was 20 minutes late taking off and staff once again had a couldnt care less attitude during the board process. Cheap but cheerless.
Possibly the worst mid haul airplane Ive been on. Was booked through Etihad superb airline but got Seychelles instead! Frankly it felt like Ryanair or Easyjet. Give it the widest berth! Ill even avoid Etihad to avoid the chance of this tin pot airline.
  Eurowings Discover flight was very Smooth. Delay of 30 Min but due weather. Seat in premium economy was quite comfy. Meal service was very good. Hot meal, two choices pasta or meat. Shrimp noodle salad and mousse au chocolate and hot buns. Pre lading meal was hot Mac and cheese. Flight attendants were very nice and went with the drinks trolley very often through cabin. Only the aircraft was in a poor condition. 18 years old and toilets fixed with tape etc. Only drawback we were booked on a flight with one connection and were send to two connection ParisPanamaBogota due to Lufthansa cancelled the flights. Refused to book us on other airline.
  One of the worst airlines have to deal with. Air Asia cancelled the round trip flight from Cebu, Philippines to Davao, Philippines for June 25, 2022. Requested via email to refund my money but refused. Was credited the amount for further flights but explained to them that I no longer am able to fly with the airlines because I am just gonna be there on vacation. Why am I not allowed to get my money back when the Air Asia was the one who cancelled the trip not me. Just like a lot of reviews online with Air Asia, it is very very very hard to request anything from them. They will make you go through a lot of verification and protocols over and over again. Such a disappointing experience considering this is my first time with them.
  The Indian Vegan meals were delicious but the drinks were wanting, bottled water ran out around two hours after take off and the water dispenser in the galley is purified water. The crew was not service orientated which to me was surprising because I know Qantas cabin crew make more money than 95 of cabin crew worldwide. For example when I was given a small 330 ml. bottle of water a couple of minutes before receiving my meal I asked the air hostess for an extra bottle of water and was refused bluntly  she said that she must see that everyone gets one bottle and only if there are more available she will return to give me an extra one. She of course never returned. I discovered bottles were in the galley and free for anyone to take until they ran out two and half hours into the flight. The cabin was very cold and the crew never picked up anything from the floor during the flight. With the meals served without a tray rubbish tends to fall off the table and on the floor but the crew wasnt bothered. I give 7 out of 10 because the flight was cheap for a one way, the connection at Changi Airport was fast and the food was great but in future unless the price is competitive I will probably prefer an Asian or Middle Eastern Airline.
  This is the 2nd leg of my journey in November 2017 having arrived from Seoul. I had to re check in again despite that previous flight was on Cathay Pacific CX415. Hong Kong to Kota Kinabalu on A320200 vin a 2 class layout cabin, the seat has been refurbished with the thinner seat. The new seat are not equipped with personal IFE IFE is only possible by downloading KA studio into mobile device. Hot meal and beverages were provided. The standard of the in flight catering is fine though there are still room for improvement. Based on my flying experience with Cathay Dragon, the portion of the meal tray has been reduced. 
  The discount airline had a great promotion. We flew Toronto to Winnipeg. TORONTO Check in at Counter was easy, staff were friendly  cheerful. We had 3 backpacks  1 mini suitcase. We were not charged extra. Boarding Pass said Gate 38. However, upon sitting at an empty gate with no plane, i happened to check email  saw the gate had changed to Gate 32. We almost missed boarding. Flight Crew were friendly. Planes are brand new and have modern blue lighting. Carpet was bright patterns, similar to a cruise ship. WINNIPEG Check in at Counter was quick, however i was charged 100.00 for the minisuit case carryon. Upon paying it, the Counter Agent handed us the Boarding Passes  informed us our flight was delayed by 4 hours. This flight was later cancelled, of which i saw on the Winnipeg Airport webpage. LYNX never emailed us about the cancelation. I contacted the airline and we were able to get on the morning flight next day to Toronto. This flight was delayed by 1 hour. The airline gave us 40.00 voucher for fooddrinks for any restaurant or store in the airport. 
  Davao to Manila. Kite bag wasnt accepted as sports equipment. Ive been to kite festivals in Philippines, China and Indonesia and never had a problem. The thing that made me mad was when the supervisor laughed at me when I paid the extra money.
  Taipei to San Francisco via Seoul Incheon. Very friendly crew, enjoyed my flight even with some delay at Incheon airport due to bad weather. The crew asked the passenger in the front to keep the chair straight during meals, which was very nice because when passengers ask each other, it doesnt always work well. Will definitely travel with Korean Air again!
 Im very, very unimpressed with this company. Never in my life have I experienced such disrespect from a company. Let alone an airline. Be very careful with your decision if you are considering this company because if something goes wrong they have absolutely no respect for there passengers. Misplaced luggage seems to be an occurring problems Im seeing others having as well as myself with this company. The funny thing is they dont actually have a line to call for this kind of issue misplacedlost baggage. So you have no other choice but to email them where they will give you a case number. They will search for your suitcase for 45 days it has now been 90 days and I still dont have a response. Please avoid this company if you dont want to end up in this kind of situation.
  Absolutely fantastic trip. The crew put every possible effort to welcome me onboard and to accomodate every possible desire from extra snacks to champagne. Selection of food, presentation and attention are at absolutely highest possible level. Special thanks to the team of Taguchi, Takemura, Jarupoom, Oochi for hosting me aboard and to making this flight as easy as a breeze. Thank you again
  Cancelled flight. Have to call in to request the refund. Processing time is up to 6 months and no confirmation provided. Unacceptable processing time and performance here.
 Prague to Rome. We traveled by Czech Airlines on April 13, 2018 and had a big disappointment with the company. I would not recommend anyone to travel for it. The flight was packed, at the time of boarding our hand luggage had to go in the luggage compartment. As our bags were organized we decided not to risk placing these bags in them for fear of losing or delaying our flight. So far so good, but we were charged an exorbitant amount for carrying a small bag with our passports, tickets and hotel documents, as well as a small backpack almost empty with wrappers in case of cooling during the trip or landing. It was charged more than R $ 400,00 four hundred reais or something close to 100 euros, and one of the receipts issued was delivered with the name of another passenger. After paying this amount, our bags were placed under our feet, as there was no space in the luggage compartments. We travel by TAP, easyJet and GOL airlines in economy class in none of them was this charge traveling in the same way with the same volumes. The disgust for disregard and discomfort in paying for something we did not receive was great. I do not advise this company.
  Berlin to Cincinnati via Keflavik. My nightmare with WOW starts the 26102018 at Berlin, not only because I was traveling for almost 2 days without any support from WOW air what so ever, but also because my bags are still lost somewhere between Berlin and San Francisco. It all start in Berlin when my flight to Keflavik was delayed by almost an hour, from 12.25 pm original time to 13.45. That meant that my connecting flight was almost impossible to reach. Before boarding, I got another email stating that my SFO flight was also delayed but only by 40 min WW161 KEFSFO 26OCT18 original time was 15.10 delayed to 15.50 Once landed in Keflavik it was imposible to reach my flight, even when my boarding to SFO was announced I was denied to cut line in customs by WOW personal. They stated that I had time. So when I lost my flight, I went to the WOW counter and was given the solution of flying to Cincinnati even when there was a flight from another airline to SFO that same day. The flight to Cincinnati was at 21.00 the same day. Also, they didnt give me a connection from Cincinnati to SFO, they stated that they where working on it and that we where going to get help by a WOW representative once we got to Cincinnati other people where in the same position. This never happened, no WOW representative was there once we got of the plane, simply because WOW cease to exist in Cincinnati a few days ago. So, I never got a confirmation of a suppose connecting flight to SFO some people did and others like me didnt. Their connection was from Cincinnati to Newark to SFO adding a 10 hour plus journey also there was a DELTA flight directly to SFO but was denied by WOW costumer service  I talked to WOW support to try to fix the situation but it was helpless, they even gave me a wrong booking number for my supposed connection, it was named to another person. Luckily I was helped by the United counter, an after an hour of back and forth, they could figure out what WOW messed up. Of course that I had lost my chance to get into the 6 am flight to Newark, so I had to wait for the Cincinnati Denver 9.25 am flight, and then catch the Denver SFO at 11.55 am local time both of this flights where on United And also, another layer to this nightmare, is that my bags are still lost. They never arrived to Cincinnati in the first place. So to summarize, I was traveling for almost 40 hours, with my bags still lost, and of course the total abandonment of WOW no food vouchers, no personal, no nothing
Flight 747 Seattle  Charlotte  Orlando April 27th. Very disappointing trip. Mechanical problems delays lack of communication no entertainment except the other passengers. Poor and expensive food choices. Uncomfortable cramped seats. Unprofessional flight attendants. In a country where air travel has become a national embarrassment this airline is certainly doing their best to reinforce that.
Frankfurt to Windhoek. I was surprised by Air Namibia. The airline offered a super service and you could watch many movies, the service of the cabin crew was great, the stewardesses have skilful English and German which helped. Generally a very good airline for the budget.
PEKSVX. Checkin was fine with minimal fuss. Extremely annoyed at the near 3 hr delay for take off with no explanation offered. Plane was an older A320 but in ok condition. Once onboard I was again disappointed to find most padding missing from seat and a lump under my leg that made the flight nearly intolerable. Luckily my wife was able to swap to a spare seat in another row and made some extra room for my son to sleep. The cabin crew were polite and quite attentive responding quickly to calls. The meal was not great but acceptable although strange that you had a choice of wine but no soft drink choices other than water or juice. I would definitely not recommend Ural Airlines to anyone unless you like airline lounges. I am writing this at SVX waiting for my return flight to PEK the delay on this flight just passed the 3hr mark. I wonder how long this one will be.
Kuwait  Beirut return with my family. Brand new aeroplanes with leather seats. Excellent service with comprehensive menu where you can order food drinks and snacks cold food only. No alcohol airline. As a low cost carrier you pay for the food but the prices are reasonable. Return fare only KWD82 compared to KWD165 on MEA both including taxes. No discount for children. Excellent ontime performance and no luggage problems. Highly recommended as a value for money carrier.
  What a wonderful experience with Turkish Airlines! Got to fly their new Business Class on the A350900, and it was a really comfortable and enjoyable experience. The staff were quite welcoming and warm though, I must admit, during the flight, it was hard to get their attention, and I dont like using the flight attendant call button. The inflight entertainment was excellent, lots of choice of movies and music, and there was plenty of space and privacy in the new pod to rest as well as work comfortably. The food on TK has consistently been excellent, and this flight was no exception it was truly a feast on board, with so many courses for the main meal after take off, and a fulfilling breakfast just before landing. A wide variety of options, and a very friendly onboard chef to prepare it for you. The wifi was difficult to connect to on my phone, but worked fine on my laptop it was free for Business Class and Elite passengers The cabin was clean and also kept immaculate throughout the flight. The checkin and baggage transfer and delivery on the other end went flawlesslyand the IST lounge was an excellent place to rest during the transit with lots of food and drink options. I would really recommend Turkish, and the price was quite competitive for flights from Asia to Europe, with good connection times.
  The worst customer support, before I travel I contacted them to check about the regulation for covid, they said I dont have to do pcr anymore. I went to the airport and couldnt catch my flight because of that, and paid extra fees in order to get my money back, they just refunded money now after one year of chasing, and only refunded 1,700 dhs out of 5,000 dhs paid for 2 tickets and they said this is the only refund I will get, Dont use this airline.
 Unfriendly personnel on the boarding gate, my bag was randomly selected to take to luggage while it was the supposed regulations of course nothing to prove it or fit it into, and was just taken out by flight assistant who threatened to not let you board the first chance she got when trying to argue. 
Sharm to Cairo plane looked tired scruffy seats dirty windows and cramped interior. However the flight to Cairo was pleasAnt with a good view of the pyramids and a good landing. After a wonderful day in Cairo we arrived back at the airport for our return flight and things now began to get interesting. After passing through security we were instructed to join a queue at check in where we were joined by a cat who ignored everybody and went to the front. As we waited an officIal walked down the queue and took our boarding passes to the check in desk on arriving at the desk  we were last  we were informed that only three seats remained but there were four passengers. After a few moments of anxious conversation it became clear we were in the queue for a flight to Luxor. Mistake reCtified we received our tickets for our flight to Sharm and discovered that our names were now Anton and Anna.The cat was by this time stretched out on the luggage conveyer belt. After waiting one and half hours we boarded our flight back to Sharm through the rear entrance of the plane with the engines running at what appeared to be more then idle speed. Cairo is a large airport at the taxi journey to the runway can be a protracted business 20mins this was when a few doubts began to surface sudden large increases of thrust that some passengers thought we were about to take off. When the aircraft braked you could hear the brakes grinding take off was good and the fifty minute flight was fine until final approach to Sharm and changes in engine speeds that suggested there may have been a problem. However we landed safely and after taxing to stand I did think that the ground staff were a little tentative about approaching the aircraft throughout both journeys the crew were polite and professional same crew both ways.
  I enjoyed the trip. Check in was easy and quick. Departure was on time and the staff were friendly and helpful. The snacks offered could have been more substantial, but I guess it wasnt too bad for a short flight.
  Our flight from Boston was OK, but we had two negative experiences with Icelandair. The airport in Reykjavk was overcrowded and there was zero effort to keep people socially distanced although there was room to do so. Our second issues was their association with Global rental car, which we booked on their website. The company, as it turns out, has terrible reviews and justifiably so. Global rental car requires a deposit to rent a vehicle and buried in the fine print, you do not get back the deposit no matter how soon you cancel in our case, three months in advance and only days after booking the rental. We canceled due to the awfully negative reviews. There was no phone number to call and when you click on the cancellation button, you have no choice but to agree to an additional fee. No other Iceland rental car company that we found wanted a deposit. Icelandair should vet the vendors that they choose to place on their website.
  Superb service from start to finish. Clean cabin, pristine in fact. Light blue mood lighting. Plenty of cabin storage for luggage. Two cabin crew teams doing meal services and a duty free run at the end. Pilot kept us informed throughout with regular updates. Smooth boarding and disembarkation. An absolute joy compared to some Short Haul carriers.
  Absolute disaster. First after buying eticket I didnt received any confirmation or eticket. After few emails they send me my ticket. On the airport when my luggage was on the way to airplane some woman behind counter told her colleague that we can not fly to Sorong. No closer explanation and send us away. We came to Sriwinaya office on the airport. Again no closer explanation. She just showed me picture in her phone in Indonesian language. When I translated it by my self I found out Sorong airport is closed. They asked me if I want refund but when I told them Ok make a refund she told me oh sorry I dont know how. You have to send email. So I send email but answer was You have to call us if you want cancel flight. So I called them 5 times. In last call they told me there will be 30 USD fee for transaction and also 15 fee for cancellation. Transaction time is 23 months. So I asked for some credit or maybe change date of flights but there is no other option. 15 fee and 30 USD fee is only option. For me this company is total joke.
 Flight on time for a short 1 hour flight okay. Only drawback. They forced all people to stand in a small area and wait for an hour. I refused to do so because this spot was fully overcrowded. Finally they let me. Nobody understood this. The other thing is that you now have to buy hand luggage like on Ryanair.
 Beijng to Hong Kong with Dragonair. Very smooth flight  on time, which is not easily expected for a flight from Beijing where there is always problems with traffic restrictions or weather. There is nothing to write home about for any economy flight as such but it is good that bottled water is provided at each seat not provided by parent company Cathay Pacific and hot items available at breakfast. Service is adequately good. It seems that Dragonair flights are preferred to Cathay and I hope now that the airline is renamed Cathay Dragon, the service standards will not change as I feel Dragonair is better  particularly for meals.
I travelled from Birmingham to Alicante on 10 January returning on 17 January. I was very satisfied with the service received the cabin crew were friendly and the flight crew kept us informed of our progress. The seating was surprisingly comfortable for a budget airline and leg room seemed ample even without an extra legroom seat  I am 6 foot 1 inch tall so can be an issue!
 After already flying From Dubai to Johannesburg we are meant to be connecting to George, our final destination, flight was meant to depart OR Tambo at 15.50, it has been delayed to 18.30. Now we have already been waiting 5 hours for the connecting flight after already having flown 8 hours and waited 2 hours before the first flight, only to be told the reason behind the delay is a Technical Issue. They have 1 plane which is departing to another destination, after that flight arrives back from said destination they are preparing it for our journey to George. Why should the customers to George deal with utter delays because there is only 1 plane to commute to 2 different destinations due to a technical fault in one aircraft in its fleet. Already been over 15 hours journey, and all we wanted was to get home. Now my issue is a well known National airline should surely be able to make a plan to get another aircraft in to help ease the delay and help clients get to their destination. Instead we have to wait because a flight just left for another destination and will head back afterwards to take us. Having flown SA Express and booked in connection with SA Airways many times in the past, I am extremely disappointed in the service received this time around.
  Quite simply, the worst airline Ive ever flown. Flew four times with them in August 2022. All delayed. Substantially. Last one, Bod to Stavanger had a 12 hours delay, no information, no announcement, passengers left in dark, tense atmosphere amongst passengers. Had to leave security area, queue at check in for meal coupon if 150 krona which didnt het you much. Check in staff totally indifferent. And their tickets arent cheap. Theyve monopoly on some routes. Unfortunately your have to use them for some routes in Northern Norway. Flight itself, cramped seats, unfriendly cabin crew  all of that i wouldnt mind if they arrive in time,  and not 12 hours late
Flight was 2 12 hours delayed, so Copa knew well in advance there were tons of missed connections in Panama City. They didnt have any employee at the gate to help passengers, not even a sign telling passengers where to rebook. They have TWO customer service people rebooking a huge line of people. Stood in line for 4 hours after being told on 3 different phone calls that Copa couldnt rebook us over the phone, and we had to stand in line. Waited for 4 hours with no food or water only to be told to go to a hotel for 4 days until we could take the next flight out. What a nightmare and Ive never seen such an incompetent airline. 
  Highly disappointed with the service. My flight back and fro both very bad. The inflight entertainment system doesnt work. The crew doesnt understand English, and doesnt want to help. All they say is its a problem for everyone, why are you complaining and say that they cant do anything about it. I would never recommend this Airline to anyone.  I opted for Asian meal veg meal, which had rice, potatoes half cooked and black beans  the taste was awful.
  After booking my ticket I was very much afraid of all the negative reviews I have read. But fortunately I had a pleasant flight. Both flights departure was on time. Luggage was received in good condition. Only thing that can be improved, may be the food. Some extra items can be added.
  They tried to charge us for something that wasnt listed after we had paid. The charge was disputed on a credit card so they took us off the manifest and we didnt fly out to start. On the way back they didnt do a good job on the pre flight inspection and the plane didnt take off because it didnt have enough speed. They canceled the flight on the runway and as we got off we saw that a tire had delaminated and there had been a brake failure. The terms and conditions state that if they cancel a flight the passengers are entitled to a hotel, transportation to and from and a minimum 25 refund. They tried to screw us out of the first flight back and the entire service is over priced for what they offer on top of all the corners they cut. If Id known this was a frontier subsidiary I never would have flown with them. 
  Everything is good, staff are hospitable and helpful. Multiple kinds of food is provided on the airplane and it is delicious. But i dont know why they arranged the seats to let everyone sit close together.
  SCLGRU in business class B787. This was an onboard service shocker boarded flight at 345pm for a 430pm departure, had a short 30 minute mechanical delay. I was not approached by any member of the crew to welcome me on board, offer a glass of water, juice or champagne while on the ground and the first contact with the crew was almost three hours after boarding when they served lunch. Ive never been on an international business class flight where this had happened. The crew was completely missing in action. I have no idea what they were doing but they did nothing customer facing for three hours  this was a $1000 return ticket? This is the equivalent to going to a very expensive restaurant and prepaying for the meal and having nobody approach your table with any kind of greeting or service for three hours. Its outrageous. I talked to the purser about it before the flight ended and she was unapologetic and had lame excuses such as they cant do anything for 30 minutes while over the Andes which I totally understand but she didnt address the lack of service while on the ground for two hours because there was no defense. The SCL crews are very arrogant and the airline should be ashamed of themselves. Id also add the 2x2x2 configuration is old school and offers zero privacy from neighbors and unless youre in the center section someone will be crawling over you to get to the aisle or you will be crawling over them. IFE was touch and go the entire flight One highlight worth noting is the SCL lounge is exceptional in every way, best in South America for sure. Its a shame their onboard product isnt in the same league
  Kolkata to Dhaka. Yesterday we traveled with regent airways but it was so hot on board that it was unbelievable. On an airplane it is not clean and service is not good. We think next time were not flying with Regent Airways.
  Dubai to London via Baku. The service was exceptional. We were pleasantly surprised at how nice it was, one of the friendliest airlines I have flown with. Everything was straight forward from the check in to the flight itself. I have never experienced such friendly and up beat staff for the whole flight.
Moscow  Chisinau  Rome and back. I chose Air Moldova because of the low price and very good connections. Unfortunately all flights were delayed from 30 minutes to 2 hours with no apparent explanation or apologies. The connection in Chisinau was about 1 hour 20 minutes both times but due to delays we had to practically run to get on the next plane. The Chisinau Airport was fine though much better for short transit that some of the other world airports. The airplanes are really old I could see duct tape in several places seats are very tightly packed and also falling apart  I could not recline my seat because the button fell inside the armrest. Inflight meal consisted of a cheese bun which was okay but not sufficient at all. I have to say that wine was served which was quite good and certainly a plus. Crew seemed surly and disinterested although this varied from flight to flight. The biggest problem is on the way back my luggage did not arrive to Moscow. Would I fly Air Moldova again? Maybe if the price is really low it usually is but I will keep everything in my cabin luggage.
  On February 28th, 2022 I purchased three airline tickets from a third party to fly on Aeromexico. One for me, one for my husband and one for my daughter. On April 10, Aero Mexico changed our flights. The change of the flight did not work for my daughter. So I had to cancel her flight and re book by calling Aeromexico. Which they charge me extra for her new flight. They did not let me daughter on the plane with this ticket. They said it was fraud since I was not at the airport with her to show my ID since I purchased it with my credit card. They told her the flight is full and she can not buy a ticket. Twos hours back and forth with them they told her they have a seat for her which she has to pay for. So they cancel her first flight without telling us and the same thing happen for her flight coming back. I will never fly with them again!! If anyone ask me about AeroMexico Ill will definitely tell them not to fly with them! Im still waiting for my money back!
  Los Angeles to Singapore with a layover in Beijing. Quick  Dirty. Difficult to book flight. Online booking only. No mobile app. Aircraft dirty cloth seats, dirty monitor. Stolen luggage lock. Lost Luggage. Bad communication. This was by far the most nerve wrecking booking experience Ive ever had! I travel frequently and decided to fly Air China despite the bad reviews and of course because of the lower price  wont do that again. I literally had to book the flight 3 times online because, for some reason, my transaction didnt go through. I know this because I called customer service after being on hold for at least 20 minutes and was informed. Youd think that would be enough to make me do an aboutface. The aircraft had cloth seats with touch monitors that did not respond to touch. It wouldnt be so bad if I werent on a 12 hour flight! The monitors and tray tables were visibly dirty. But Im not trippin because most aircraft are whether visible or invisible so I brought my handydandy antibacterial wipes. We were a lost luggage victim as well. Luggage didnt even leave LAX! Thank God the luggage arrived in Singapore 24 hours later   our luggage lock wasnt on our luggage.  We sat on the tarmac for 1.5 hours before takeoff in Beijing. No explanation given until about an hour of sitting and waiting.  Needless to say, we will not be flying Air China again.
  LAN is a true premium airline. Flew in their Premium Business from MilanMalpensa to So Paulo Guarulhos late night and the service was fantastic. Had only hand luggage because it was a short trip. As soon as I got onboard I was welcomed and escorted to my seat by the purser. Immediately I was offered a glass of champagne. Other offers were Pisco Sour and water. Dinner orders were taken quickly and served promptly after the take off. Their business class cabin has the configurartion of 222 which is good if you have company. If not you might find yourself sitting to a stranger for 12 hours. I had this several times and the comfort was still good. My breakfast order was taken seriously I got everything I wanted. I need to emphasize this because there are other premium airlines who fail to arrange the breakfast according to customers wishes. The crew just seem to enjoy their jobs and you can see that the service is personal, you get addressed by your name and you pay business class but you get almost first class treatment. LAN is always a great choice and will always stick to them.
  My flight was cancelled by the airline. I needed to call them to rebook my flight. I had paid for a seat assignment. Not a great amount $33 but when I had to rebook because of their cancellation, they would not give me a refund or credit for the seat assignment?! They said no refunds on seat assignments? I asked multiple of their staff, who said they could not help me and finally I decided to try Finnairs web site, complaints. The same template response. Seat assignments are not refundable. The flight I ended up taking was good, but amazing a small thing like this to resolve should have been a non issue!!
  By far the worst airline ever. They changed both flights with more than 10 hours without informing us. The contact center was unfriendly and useless. They change your seat, after check in, even if you paid for it, from extra leg space to no extra leg space. Suddenly we didnt sit next to each other. Paying for the seats was hell on itself, with a horrible site which errors all the time on the weirdest places. You can pay for ideal, but afterwards thats suddenly not allowed. The return flight they changed my seat to again a space without extra leg space not next to my partner. I called 4 times about it. They said they will fix it but they didnt. The leg space was horrible, I had pain in my legs the whole flight and we also were snatched at bu the cabin crew to put coat and small backpack under our seat. Even though there was no room for it and we had no trolleys. The airplanes were old, not clean and the staff on board and contact center were unfriendly. And we had one hour delay on both flights without any information. We thought we booked with a respectable airline.
 Muscat to Madurai via Columbo with Mihin Lanka. The worst airline I ever experienced. Unexplained delay of 1.5 hours at Colombo. At Madurai I received my baggage last even though I travelled in business class. When I asked ground staff at Madurai to give complaint register, they replied they they dont have such practice. Food is another big hate. They give menu card to select but they have only one type of food to serve.
  The aircraft were well maintained and new. The crew on the Tbilisi to Bahrain flight were very courteous and professional  the service was excellent and the vegetarian meal was very good. There was a delay of 50 minutes to the flight not the fault of Gulf Air but because the transit time was only an hour and fifteen minutes I had to run or I wouldnt have made it to the gate in time. The flight from Bahrain to Bengaluru was 80 empty. This should mean excellent service but that was not the case. The crew on this flight were the worst cabin crew I experienced and not interested in serving passengers. The crew served drinks only once during the entire journey. There was a choice of chicken or veg. Seeing that there were a lot of meals and that most passengers opted for the nonveg option I asked the staff to check if there is an extra vegetarian meal I wasnt able to eat in Bahrain Airport because of the delay and was rather hungry as I didnt have breakfast that day. She said she will check but she never returned with one nor did she bother to come and tell me none were available. After the lights were turned off the crew migrated to the business class section which so the economy class section was serviceless for almost half the journey. The food on the first leg was nice but on the second leg night flight BAH to BLR on the 13th August arriving early morning on the 14th August it was below average.
 I flew with Malindo Air  Batik Air twice during my trip in Malaysia  one in a domestic flight between Malacca and Penang the airplane was an ATR  one from Kuala Lumpur to Tokyo the airplane was a Boeing 737800. In both cases, everything went perfectly well there was almost no queue for checkingin and dropping my checked luggage its worth noting that a checked luggage is included even in the cheapest prices, BTW, the airplanes were in perfect condition they actually looked almost new, the space for legs was OK even during the domestic flight, it was definitely wider than in the Air Asia domestic I also took during that trip. Almost all of the cabin crew were kind and helpful and also elegant, and during the long haul flight there was even an individual screen which is not the case on Scoot, for instance. Also, their prices were very competitive, even when booking hardly a few days before departure. The only negative things I noticed are  their onboard menu was very limited, both for food and for drinks. It would be great to have more choices,  they didnt offer a Wifi option even on long haul flights. Based on the other reviews I can read here, things can be hectic if there is any problem rescheduled flight or canceled flight..., but if its not the case then flying with them is a breeze and the price  quality ratio is great.
  Air Berlin is by far the worst airline I have ever flown on. They are always delayed, and for my flight from Berlin to Vienna they didnt even post it on the screens. I cant think of any positive over other airlines. They are not the cheapest and do not offer good quality. This airline fails on every aspect of being an airline. Will never fly with them again.
Orlando Sanford  Amsterdam September 27 2013. We flew back to Amsterdam with a 767300 with winglets. The service on board of the personnel is professional. Legroom in Economy too. We reserved seats in the middle row they have the same leg room as economy comfort the latter is more expensive and has nothing more to offer than economy. The problem with this airline is not the legroom but the seat width. 16 is way too narrow for such a long flight. We two adult males 511 who sport a lot not overweight sat shoulder to shoulder. We had to move our body the whole time because the seats are extremely narrow. People at the window seats had less legroom but can rest against the window so they had more comfort. The narrow seats made the flight very tiring and stressing. We knew Arkefly is cheap but we didnt expect this. They cram one extra seat in width so instead of a normal 232 you get a 242 A330787 setup in a narrow 767. Together with having to pay for every drink or additional food this made a very uncomfortable flight. Even the coffee had to be paid for only water was for free but that tap was next to the toilets and looked dirty with calcium attached. So despite the professionalism of the cabin crew we will never ArkeFly again. We read somewhere Arke is going to cram also an extra seat in de 787 like this. Their 787 goes from 242 to 333 777 setup. Horrible! In the end with paying extra for drinks and food and reserving a seat we were better off with United or Delta.
  Tel Aviv to Seoul. Have flown this year with KE 3 times now. Our last flight with KE in August was the best. We are a family of 3 baby 1 year old. Cabin crew was so nice and cared for us throughout the flight. We sat in the 2nd row of economy on one flight. I asked for cabin crew for something to drink which they said they have back in the galley i told never mind and asked for something else. After finishing providing meals for others the staff came back especially with my drink. Check in was super fast on all flight, boarding on time, seats comfortable I am a big guy food was ok, movie selection changed on the 2 flights so i had full new options to watch on both ways, flights on time.
  Ho Chi Minh City to Kunming . I typed in the name correctly in their corresponding boxes and even on the ticket it shows the correct name but I got rejected at the ticket counter anyways because they claimed that in their data system the order of the name does not match the order on the passport. They basically said it doesnt matter if its correct on the booking ticket because its not correct in their data. This might be the scam from the airline or the agent at that airport. How am I supposed to know whats going on with their system and what order they go by and how do I have control over that? Not sure what order they go with and if they keep in mind that half of the world has the order of the name as First  middle  Last and the other half of the world goes by the order of Last, Middle, First. They also did not allow name change for a fee and forced us to buy a new ticket. It is a cheap airline but the cost in the end was double the amount. The airline also refused to refund the original ticket. I will just avoid this airline for good!
Round trip PEKFNJ. New Tupolev plane. Service inflight entertainment and food excellent. A clean and comfortable plane comfortable seats and professional flight crew.
  I will forever regret not treating the bad reviews seriously before traveling with Air Cairo. Their flight from Hurghada to Prague turned out to be by far the worst traveling experience of my life. First problems arose when we were notified in Hurghada that our flight was delayed by five hours. I discovered on flightradar24.com that the reason for the delay was the plane having been diverted to Skopje on a flight from Hurghada to Belgrade earlier that day. This was our first warning sign, foreshadowing what was to come next. When we finally took off and headed to Prague, the captain announced that our flight was diverted to Leipzig, Germany due to bad weather in Prague. The crew also told us that no planes were allowed to land in Prague for this reason whatsoever. When we confronted them with the fact that we were the only plane being diverted, they suddenly changed their story and claimed that our aircraft was not suitable for landing in low visibility. When we proved this to be a lie as well, they changed their story once more and told us that the pilots were inexperienced and therefore not trained for landing in foggy weather. What the real reason for the diversion was and how their side of the story would have developed had we pushed on them further, I have no idea. When we were finally allowed to leave the aircraft in Leipzig, we received no information about future plans whatsoever and the crew simply went to bed. The staff at Leipzig Airport were unable to help us either since the only people who knew at least something about our situation were asleep. At least that is what they said. Furthermore, they denied us access to our checkin luggage in spite of some passengers being in urgent need of their medication. On the plus side, Leipzig Airport provided us with beds and blankets to survive the night, for which we were thankful. Air Cairo, on the other hand, did nothing. The following morning was a disaster as well. A substitute flight from Leipzig to Prague was scheduled first for 530am, then for 1100am. However, we still had no specific information as the airport staff was unable to reach the crew and the management of Air Cairo refused to communicate with us. The airport staff claimed that the only thing for which we were waiting was the crew, who were asleep at the hotel. Yet when the management of Air Cairo finally started answering our questions, they told us that the crew were already waiting at the hotel in their uniforms, not knowing themselves why they were not able to fly. What was the reason for the waiting, then? Were we waiting for the fog in Prague to disappear? We had no idea because no one bothered to tell us. After many hours of stressful waiting, during which we were again given misinformation multiple times and several passengers burst into tears, the crew finally arrived with no further explanation at 1245pm and we took off at 130pm. To sum up, our landing in Prague was delayed by 20 hours. There are, however, two aspects of our situation that are most annoying. Firstly, it was argued that our issues were caused by fog. Yet we were the only plane on that day which had this problem and dozens of other aircraft were perfectly capable of taking off and landing in Prague. The problem was therefore clearly on the side of the airline and their pilots. And secondly, what I consider even more disgraceful was the arrogance with which the airline treated us and all their deception, lies and lack of communication.
JEDRUH with one of the new Saudi discount carriers Nas Air. I had booked a supercheap airfare for about USD $30 unfortunately I did not read the fine print and after the cab driver taking me to the wrong terminal at King Abdul Aziz Airport in Jeddah I ended up being five minutes late for the 45 minute boarding time... and Nas has a strict ontime policy. I was a bit annoyed that five minutes seemed to make the difference between my getting the flight and not but I guess I agree with the rule in general. As a result I ended up having to return to my hotel in Jeddah for another night and booking another flight the next day. This one wasnt so cheap  but still quite reasonable at about USD $90. When I finally did fly I thought the airline was good for the price. The older Airbus 320 needed a new fitout the seats were tatty and overall the cabin looked quite old. The seat pitch was very bad but I have experienced that on other discount carriers like Jet2 and easyJet so I expect that. The stewardesses seemed to take forever to get to me with their drinks and snacks cart all for purchase but then seemed to whizz past a whole few rows without even offering us anything to eat or drink! Very odd. Luckily I caught them on the way back. The stewardesses otherwise were reasonably friendly I have flown Saudia before and thought that Nas Air attendants were nicer. The level of English of one of them wasnt so good but I noticed that they were Arabic speakers  which I dont think is the case with Saudia. All in all I thought that the airline was okay  I would fly them again for the price they are charging.
  On June 26, 2023, my flight to Trenton NJ, via Raleigh Durham, was cancelled. No explanation was given, but we found out later it was due to severe thunder storms. This cant be helped. We were told at the gate to go back to the ticket counter to rebook or cancel. I went to ticketing and asked a Frontier agent where I needed to be for rebooking. Her response was Over there. She didnt indicate where over there was, so I asked again. Same response. I said, Do you mean behind this woman who was in line?, and she said No. Over there where the person in green is standing. So I moved over to the end of the line. One by one we were moved to another line for rebooking and after about 30 minutes, I, too, was moved. I stood there for another 2030 minutes when a Frontier employee walked over to us and informed us that if we were to rebook, we needed to be in the original line, the one wed all just left. I tried to ask him if we were expected to go to the end of the line, but he interrupted me and said he would answer question once we all moved. I tried again. Same thing. Another passenger tried for clarification, and again, the very rude response. And once again, someone tried to ask, and once again, he interrupted before the gentleman had a chance to get his question out. I finally said that I was not going to the end of the line because Id already been there once, and he then told me, Then you wont be rebooked. Not one of us was angry or rude or disrespectful. We were appalled at his behavior toward us but no one was complaining about the cancelled flight or the long line. Some folks had been there for two days. Of the dozen or so standing around me, we all commented to one another that we would never fly Frontier again. After moving over to the other line, I went back to the Frontier employee and asked his name. He interrupted again, saying hed answer questions when we were all in line. I told him I didnt have a question other than could I please have his name. At that point he looked at me and said, I dont have to give you my name. Thats when I cancelled my ticket. Never, in my 72 years, have I witness such complete and utter disrespect to a group of people, and for no reason. Frontier Airlines deserves the terrible reputation it has. Its run on a bate and switch mentality. Just take a look at its website. It has absolutely no regard for its customers. Try finding a phone number where you can actually speak to someone. Its airline employees must hate their jobs, if their customer service is any indication. Im fully aware that these employees had probably had a couple of tough days, but what about the woman in front of me who had been trying for two days to get back to her kids? There was no respect or regard for her at all. This was my first and last experience with Frontier. They should be ashamed of themselves for the total lack of professionalism they display. I wonder what corners they cut on their aircraft. Its not worth the cheap ticket. Life is too short. Note This survey requires I rate the on plane experience, which I cannot do since I never made it onto the flight. However, the survey requires an answer, so I gave it a 1 star.
 Cascais to Bragana with Aero VIP. Services are provided by SevenAir. The site is easy. I had a couple of questions and the support was fantastic. The plane was just fine, despite being a propeller, thus a bit noisy.
I recently flew Air Phuket from Gatwick to Bangkok and return. I found the staff to be very efficient and helpful. However the planes they are using old planes from KLM are well past their sell by date. The noise was terrible and half of the planes audio systems didnt work so it was a long flight without any films etc. The drinks service left a lot to be desired  one drink after take off and one drink with your meal was the only alcohol allowed. On the return flight we had to stop at Dubai for refuelling  had to stop on the plane for over an hour in a great deal of heat. I for one and a lot of other passengers will not be using them again.
  LAX to San Jose and back to LAX the next day. Only when we started lining up to board did the ground crew start to activate the aircraft. We started boarding 1015 minutes later and thanks to the quick work of the Southwest crew, we departed quickly and the flight was delayed by 710 minutes. Southwest offers Economy class seats and their seats are not too comfortable nor is it terrible.  I wish that their seats would recline just a bit further back though, There is an openseating policy, which means that you are not assigned a seat prior to boarding and you can choose where you would like to sit. Flight attendants on Southwest were kind, friendly, and funny. Food and beverages are not exciting as they only offer snacks and a couple beverages like soda and hot chocolate, snacks and drinks are also free, except for alcohol. There are no IFE screens, but you can access a variety of entertainment by connecting to Southwests WiFi that costs $8 per flight. The WiFi is quite slow however.
  Rome to London. Paid for extra luggage on the way out. When we arrived at the airport to return we were told that we had only paid for luggage one way. The email receipt is very misleading suggesting we had paid for the extra space there and back. This stopped us from paying in advance and cost us an extra 20 Euros. I cant help but feel the information on the receipt is deliberately misleading so people end up having to pay more at the airport than they otherwise would have needed to. Avoid.
  Worst airline experience. I decided to go with my wife to Maldives for our honeymoon. I chose flydubai to get from Warsaw to Male. The ticket was around 2030 more expensive than from cheaper airlines. I decided to pay more because there was short stopover 34 hours on connecting airport Dubai. After paying for the flight and getting booking confirmation from flydubai I booked hotels in Maldives. Few days before the flight I received email from flydubai that the time of my flight from Dubai to Male has changed because of operational reasons and now there is only 15 minutes of stopover in Dubai. Shortly after the whole flight was cancelled and I was given a choice to either switch to another flight for free or get the voucher to use in the future no option to get your money back even if flydubai cancels the flight for their own operational reasons!. Since I already booked and paid for hotels in Maldives in time corresponding with my flight that was cancelled I had to choose another flight with the same date of arrival with 11 hours of stopover in Dubai. Few days later I get another email from flydubai informing me that the time of flight has changed again and now I have 12.5 hours of stopover in Dubai. Luckily it seemed now because the time of departure was changed again it was possible to get back to the flight almost identical to the flight I originally bought. I wrote email to flydubai kindly asking to rebook me to my original flight without additional payment describing what happened. They denied saying that I already switched to another flight so if I want to change that again I have to pay. I wrote again kindly asking to reconsider since the whole situation was caused by flydubai operational reasons. They denied again. Best part of their reply was saying that my email will be forwarded to the management to improve my future experience with flydubai and they will do everything to continue to exceed passengers expectations. I asked them to forward my email to the management to improve my present experience. The replied that any further correspondence from my side will be treated only as feedback. On top of that my flight from Dubai to Male was delayed so I missed the speedboat from Male to the island where I booked the hotel and I had to pay for a night in hotel in Male and go to my destination on the next day. Also, even though there were many empty seats is the plane my wife was seated many rows behind me so I had to ask another passenger to switch with me. Returning flight from Dubai to Warsaw was also delayed. This time I was seated next to my wife but in the last row so we had to put our hand baggage in front of us. The only good thing about this whole situation is that I had plenty of time in Dubai 12.5 hours to write this review of my experience with flydubai. Im giving more than 1 star only because the stewards on board of the plane were nice and the meal served on the plane was decent. However it is very unlikely I will ever use flydubai again.
TSVDRWTSV flight out on time the aircraft was clean and comfortable certainly more personal space on the Embraer 170 then you get on other economy flights in Australia. The cabin wasnt full so after take off it was a matter of grabbing a pair of seats to myself. A light morning meal of sandwiches water coffeetea and a small chocolate was complimentary. The return flight was delayed 7 hours and advice was received about this the afternoon before by email and SMS. Two hot meal options offered on that flight one vegetarian the other sausages and mash. Beer wine and spirits were complimentary on this leg perhaps owing to the long delay I didnt ask I just enjoyed having two seats to myself again and kicked back with a fee Jim Beam and colas. Flight attendants professional and attentive.
  I was forced on this flight after American Airways canceled my original one and stuck with them. The flight started as a horror show. 2 and half hours on a plane with little air conditioning while they fixed a technical issue. Communication in English was terrible. Theyd rattle off a couple minutes worth of sentences in Italian and then in English give us a couple wordsusually lies and hope for the best. The food was really gross. All the drinks were extremely scarce.  When we landed after a 12 hour flight, we were told to wait 5 minutes for the gate to open. It took more like 45 minutes. They had a rule where landing and take off needed all windows open? Unfriendly attendants. One especially was blocking an aisle and actually making everything worse when trying to board. Missed my connecting flight because of delays and got stranded because of them. 
  The panel above passengers head was broken and fixed with tape. Cabin crew are very young female staff, who were assertive, arrogant and aggressive.
LCYEIN. The VLM brand is no more but the ticket still stated VLM. You have to use the CityJet website planes are in CityJet livery and china and glass have been banished in favour of the bogstandard cardboard cups. I tried checking in online but there was a problem with the system. I cannot remember the last time the online check in went smoothly with VLMCityJet. I eventually managed to do so. Passage through LCY was quick and efficient due to the extra security theyve installed and the fact it wasnt a busy period but it was a bit manic at the gate as the ground staff didnt seem to know what they were doing. Consequently we left 20 minutes late. Once in the air the flight was fine about 70 full cabin crew managed one bar service and one teacoffee service during the short flight and handed out Belgian chocolates at least this VLM feature has been retained. I dont think VLMs standards have slipped due to the takeover by CityJet apart from online check in but the staff at LCY need to get their act together.
Gatwick to Monastir return. We took off on time both ways the aircraft are dated but seat was comfortable. Food going was fine but only a stale sandwich coming back. Crew pleasant. The toilets are a lot to be desired and we made sure that we used the airport facilities before boarding on the return flight.
Excellent airline travelled a number of times with them and never had any problems. Latest flight ZB7504 on 281114 return ZB7505 on 121214 34 mins early at TFS and 25 mins early on return to LBA. Great cabin staff and flight crew. Awaiting to book our next flight with Monarch.
  Dhaka to Jessore. It was really a bad experience when the plane started to take off and after a while there was problem with the flights fan or whatever there were some technical issues and then they stopped on emergency basis and later on after a while they started with the same plane though they told us to shift in a new one. After going a little further the plane again stopped at their runway due to the same problem. Then they shifted us to a new plane. The matter here is their unprofessionalism which is really disgraceful. I really would never like to fly with them again.
 When booking my ticket I applied the wrong date autofilled by my laptop. I immediately noticed and changed the booking incurring a $198 change fee. The Qantas website advises that if you make a mistake you can change to the correct date before midnight and have no change fee. I called Qantas immediately, the representative agreed with my assessment and advised me to lodge a claim. Nine months later an investigation has decided to decline my refund of change fee! going against Qantass own policy no explanation given.
  We were booked on a oneway flight from Praslin to Mauritius PRISEZMRU. The checkin in Praslin was pretty smooth. The lady told us that our baggage is directed to Mauritius, nothing to worry about on Mah. Great news! After arrival we had to checkin again as the second flight was international. At the counter I mentioned casually that we only have two backpacks as carry on as our checked baggage is transferred to Mauritius. No that is not possible we were told. You have to pick it up at the baggage claim and check it in again. After some discussions I went back. Luckily a met a couple from the UK that did the same trip as we did. Same problem there. We found an Air Seychelles employee, explained the situation, gave her our baggage tags we got earlier at Praslin and followed her back to the counter. They were having an argue. Unbelievable. Both flights operated by one airline that does not know their internal procedures and processes. After we were told that the baggage is transferred to Mauritius  surprise  the real problems began as my girlfriend was traveling with her wheelchair that comes with electrically powered wheels. We showed them the necessary IATA certificates and technical specs as we always do in that situation around the globe with many airlines. Airlines are generally not pleased to transport batteries in the cargo area due to potential risk of fire. But in this case the batteries are an integrated part of the wheels. You cannot take them off without taking off both wheels completely. So as usual they checked everything and let us finally continue. So far so good. After boarding was finished the captain announced that we were actually early some minutes.  But suddenly the lady from the checkin appeared at our seats to tell us that the wheelchair will not be transported by Air Seychelles because an approval was missing. We had no idea what she meant. As I already wrote we had shown them the papers. And by the way we had sent the all the documents five days ahead of the flight as requested by Air Seychelles. We never got a reply to that email. They still insisted an approval was missing. Just to mention again No issues with the same airline on the first flight segment before... However three to four employees were discussing at the aircraft door. After 30 minutes the captain explained the situation to all passengers via speaker. He said they are organizing the missing approval and are waiting for it. What missing approval and how are they organizing it by themselves when the complained that we did not bring the approval. Simply does not make sense at all. After an hour I accidentally could observe a guy walking right next to the aircraft carrying the wheelchairs wheels with the batteries. Minutes later we took off without further information. After arrival in Mauritius we found the wheelchair in parts lying on the floor in front of the special baggage counter. Some idiots bent one of the shafts that connect the wheels to the chassis. Without any tools and with pure force I could barely fix the shaft. Otherwise our trip had ended at this point. We have never ever experienced that kind of discrimination against people with disabilities anywhere on the globe. Totally unprofessional and completely intolerable. The Seychelles are probably the most beautiful places we have ever seen on earth but Air Seychelles is a catastrophe. Shame on you!
  What started off as a much awaited business cum pleasure trip to the UK Manchester from Malaysia KLfor my wife and I and our kids was going well and fine till our return leg from Manchester to Abu Dhabi where my wife had problems lifting her hand carry luggage to the overhead cabin and requested for cabin crew assistance to which one of them agreed to. My wife was on one side of the aisle in business class while I was beside her on the other side separated by a barrier and so couldnt help her. Incidentally, both of us are elderly in our mid 60s and she had just had a Left knee joint replacement surgery done barely 2 months ago. Before the cabin crew came to help, the cabin flight manager came and she ordered me to put the bags up for my wife without asking about our health problems. When I tried to explain, she asked to go around to the other side of the aisle to do it and walked away. I didnt have time to do it as we were about to take off but a cabin crew came and helped without any fuss. Immediately after the plane took off and started cruising, this unpleasant lady cabin manager came, introduced herself and sternly told me care of our hand luggage is our sole personal responsibility and not the duty of any of her crew to help! Despite my explaining, she was unapologetic, unhelpful and unhappy. She certainly spoiled my day and made me lose any respect for the airline. Her rudeness, unprofessional behaviour embarassed me in front of my family and the other passengers.
  I traveled with my son Adam from Casablanca to New York and my return trip was as amazing and comforting as my departure trip. The crew members were super nice, Ill forever travel with Royal Air Maroc. Thank you and I appreciate you all. 
  A great flight and value for money as long as you come prepared  buy a carry on or checked bag with your ticket as it is significantly cheaper, bring water and food on board as it isnt provided for free, download movies to your phone as there is no in flight entertainment, and bring a backup battery as some planes with no charge points. Leg room was excellent without purchasing a seat with extra legroom. Staff were friendly and helpful, and the layover in Iceland was easy and comfortable. Overall, Id recommend this airline.
 The worst airline you can ever fly on, with no proper customer care, they will change your seat three times before you board and not caring about what you say. Pay for the front theyll sit you in the back
FrankfurtWindhoekCape Town return. The flights were on time and checkin boarding etc. was professional. The price was reasonable compared to other airlines at time of booking. First impression well maintained A340300 exterior wise with a slightly run down cabin interior. Old and uncomfortable seats good leg room. A340 only had old fashioned television sets above the middle section of the cabin. One projector screen at the front of the cabin section and 2 television sets for the rest of the cabin. One criticism of the IFE is that the main feature starts well in to the flight when most people would like to sleep. The meals were average to poor there were no heated rolls and main course did not taste of anything. Cold breakfast only. Their bar service closed after the duty free service due to customs regulations something which sounds like a cover for cost cutting. They could have at least offered drinks for sale. This was though not the worst issue with Air Namibia. I would say their flight attendants have a long way to go if they would like to compare themselves to professional airlines. The flight attendants FRAWDH were grumpy to the point where I would say downright rude. They did not attend to passenger needs in any ways and seemed to want to get over and done with the job. I was personally accused of credit card fraud when I purchased duty free products onboard as my signature apparently did not correspond. I understand the problem of fraud on many African flights but she had my passport and a credit card with a picture of me in her hand. What else do Air Namibia need? The way she expressed this was also very accusing. The crew never smiled once and we just felt we were in the way for them. The other three flights were slightly better but I wouldnt go as far as to say they have attended a smiling or service course. I would say fly Air Namibia only if youre actually going to Windhoek and want to fly direct or their offer is really good compared to the alternatives. I will gladly pay more for another airline next time.
Darwin to Kununurra in an E170. Comfortable 2abreast seating and a smooth flight. However there was a confusing beginning in Darwin as the departures screen said go to gate but did not give a gate number! Eventually a barely audible last call announcement was made. The service onboard was friendly. A pack of two small muffins and orange juice was served. The flight operated on time.
 I had no baggage to check in on my flight on Tiger Air Australia TT51330dec 2019 from Brisbane to Melbourne. I had 1 piece handbag weighing 7.5kgs and a purse weighing 1.5 kgs. At the boarding gate I was asked to put both my handbag and purse on the scale and the total being 9 kgs, staff demanded I pay excess baggage of AUD 46 for 2 kgs excess weight. I said Id dispose of my water bottle and bubble wrap and bits and bobs but they refused saying that there was a long queue behind me and I had to pay if I wanted to catch my flight. This was 30 minutes prior to takeoff. They took cash and have not issued any receipt. This is unaccounted money being taken from their passengers. After making several complaints to their customer portal for a refund as this charge for a purse is totally unjustified they have flatly refused to see reason. This airline needs to be grounded based on the negative reviews they have received.
Vientiane to Pakse and Pakse to Vientiane and onto Bangkok. Flights were on time clean friendly my luggage arrived with me. They are little prop planes.
 Leaving Texas March 14,2023 NK857 we experienced a two hour delay because the Spirit computer system was down. No compensation it was business as usual. I booked a flight to Puerto Rico in advance a Direct flight. 3 months later I find in my email they cancelled my flight. So I had to rebook with only connecting flights layovers offered. They made it seem like they were doing me a favor by rebooking on a layover flight. Nothing worst than an airline cancelling your flight and then being treated like theyre doing you a favor. Then the only way to make a complaint is to write an email to their terrible nonexistent customer service. The only way to talk to a Spirit agent is to book flights to take your money. If they cancel your flight or cause you an inconvenience, then its email. Oneway customer service is not customer service. Now I know one of the reasons why Spirit has a bad reputation.
  Vladivostok to Moscow. Very pleasant surprise, one of the best flights Ive recently had. Aircraft was a bit dated but very comfy with a decent legroom. Being 63 i didnt find it uncomfortable on 8 hours flight. The food is great, drinks selection could be better but nevertheless was OK. Toothbrush as well as slippers and eyemasks were provided which made the flight much better.
  Bangkok to Shanghai. I received an email message from the airlines stating that my flight was canceled and for me to contact them. In the email they sent me, they never provided a contact number. I had to google for their website and contact number. I called them more than 15 times on different occasion and all I got was answering machine with no option to leave a message. The email they sent me says do not reply as it was sent through an automessaging system. It was difficult to reach them through the phone. I have no other option but wait until I get to the airport and talk to them in person. When I get to the airport and ask them to issue me a new itinerary since the original one was canceled by the airline. They still cant help me but provide me with another phone number to call customer services. I finally got a new itinerary for my flight with China Eastern. The flight was a little more than 4 hours. The minute we boarded the plane, I can feel the air inside the plane was extremely warm. I thought the Flight Attendant will turn on the air conditioner once the plane starts to leave the tarmac but they did not. I waited for a long time for the Flight Attendant to come down the aisle so I can ask them to turn on the AC but I did not see one came by. I looked for a call button on my chair but did not find one since it was so dark in the plane. I waited for a long time no flight attendant came down the aisle. I felt exhausted and fall back to sleep. I sat in the middle seat so it was hard for me to climb over another passenger to find the Flight Attendant. On my way to the lavatory, I tried to look for a flight attendant and hopefully have them turn on the AC but did not see a single flight attendant around. Its been like this throughout the entire flight. We were never offered drinks or meals. The seats are tiny. Even with my arms close to my body, my arms still rubbed by other passengers sitting next to me. 
  Flight was supposed to depart at 7.25pm on Sunday from Lombok to Singapore. We were told that there was a slight delay on the flight as the crew were checking the plane. The plane was delayed until 7.55 where there was supposed to be an update. 8.10 pm, no updates given. It wasnt until 8.30 pm that we were told there could be a technical fault on the plane and the pilot and ground crew would make a decision in 5 mins. At 8.50 pm we were told that the plane was not safe to take off. Without consulting Singapore HQ the ground crew have decided to put us up in a hotel. For the 200 plus people that were stranded, there wasnt clear communication. Convenient option was to send everyone to the hotel, even when everyone have Monday commitments. Terrible experience for the 200 people on board and poor crisis management by SilkAir.
I flew more than a few times from CagliariLinate and AlgheroLinate. Planes used were mostly old McDonnell Douglas MD80 although the company has recently renewed seats and overall furniture flying on these planes still has an 80s flavor. On MD80 seats are ok but a very tall person could feel somewhat unease. There is not a lot of space for the handluggage on the overhead lockers. Meridiana also own much newer and more comfortable Airbus A320 but they are less numerous than MD80s. On the numerous flight I took I dont remember major delays. Staff was always nice. Snacks and Drinks service could be improved. Overall I will for sure fly again with Meridiana but for flights from Sardinia to the Peninsula I will always prefer Alitalia.
  The customer service was nonexistent and shambolic. On the return flight KM102 from Malta to London Heathrow 3rd January, there was over a 3 hour delay for the passengers in obtaining luggage, this is longer than the actual flight. There was no onsite Air Malta customer service to assist and advise what was going on or when to expect our luggage. Due to the evening flight and long ongoing drive home my family had to leave without our luggage. This meant I had the unfortunate situation of dealing with the central customer services based in Malta to try and recover my luggage. To date Air Maltas central customer services have still not responded to my emails. Their advice provided by phone was nonsensical. Due to no local phone number, I had to pay international rates to contact them for their absolutely useless support. Subsequently, I drove 3.5 hours back to Heathrow at a later date in my own time and at my own expense to see if I could obtain my luggage. Fortunately this was successful, however I found that my luggage had been sitting unsecured in terminal 4s luggage reclaim for 4 days. There was nothing to stop people taking the whole suitcase or personal possessions. To sum up I will never use this airline again, this airline is an insult to the nation of Malta. Air Malta are acting like the worst low cost carrier, whilst charging their tickets at a premium.
TAAG business class a few weeks go from Luanda to Johannesburg and was astonished at the poor and unprofessional service encountered from check in to my destination. I arrived at the airport at 0530 which was the check in time written on my ticket by the lady at the TAAG office only to find that check in for the flight will only start at 0630. When the check in eventually started I was confronted by a security guard who told me to go to the back of the economy class line despite my business class ticket. Two hours later I was checked in and besides the customs official who wanted to confiscate my camera because it had rechargable batteries in it and the fiscal official who demanded a detailed explanation for the $1100 I had with me I went to the business class lounge. There was no coffee no tea and only four bottles of water in the refrigerator and four bunched up sandwiches with what looked like ketchup on it. I asked the lady attendant for some coffee. She did not reply disappeared and I never saw her or the coffee again. Boarding late due to some delay B747 went fine and I was in my seat with no trouble  which I had to clean and get rid of a handful of dried bread crumbs. The cabin staff were an unfriendly bunch of which only one could speak a very broken English on an international flight. I fortunately speak reasonable Portuguese which helped. Service had a taste of rudeness in from most of cabin staff. Food in the business class was appaling. The beef was cold and served in exactly the same holders as economy class and with plastic utensils and cups. The bread resembled good old fashioned rusks as I suspect that it came from the previous day and coffee was cold. Passengers needed to request the attendants to remove meal trays after an hour had gone by in which they were giggling away in the galley area and not attending to passengers. The toilets on the aircraft were filthy. Onboard entertainment was a movie with no earphones available. When disembarking at Jhb  Oliver Tambo  the one air hostess rudely refused an economy class passenger a quick exit before business class passengers as he was running out of time to make check in for a connecting flight  even though he produced his ticket to the air hostess and the TAAG flight left Luanda 45 minutes late. TAAG should pull up their socks if they want to become part of global economy in the airline business. Their business class service at the airport is poor to say the least and onboard service even worse. Their cabin staff need a course in manners and professionalism and quality control on the aircraft needs to be addressed. Passengers pay extra for business class service but plastic eating utensils and poor quality food and service hardly justifies that.
  I am quite disappointed with Southwest. I and several members of my company have been flying Southwest for the past several years because the service and convenience had been exemplary particularly when taking into account the reasonable pricing. I have seen its attributes in many way degrade and some of the competitors improve their standards. I was particularly dismayed after having left my briefcase and phone on a flight on May 16th, 2023. After filing a lost report soon after deplaning, I received no helpful assistance from the airline other than an email three days later stating that they were looking into it and should consider the case close if no further notice had been received withing 30 days. Misplacing a phone these days does not only cause a significant financial impact but the information contained may be critical. For this reason, a more definitive answer than the nonchalant response from Southwest baggage supervisor at Midway Airport stating that they would be drowned in lost items that they receive daily then added 4050 things including IPads, phones, and other items. This statement struck me as particularly irritating since the two individuals at the office were sitting without no apparent task at the time. With the concern that she displayed, I must conclude that the case is probably lost and that the decision to purchase another phone regardless of cost should be undertaken. I would have hoped that they might ask me to text my phone to more quickly identify the fact that they may or may not have it in their procession now at the Alabama location where all the lost items from all the Southwest flights go now many thousands of items per day instead of 4050. I will remember the lack of concern from Southwest me and my company employees fly in the future.
  Johannesburg to Cape Town on British Airways marketed flight operated by Comair. Check in at Terminal B quick and polite as was security, visited the domestic Slow Lounge which is very good with lots of food  drink options. Boarded on time through gate D2 on to a decent clean 737800 seated in 1A which was comfortable drinks offered prior to take off, departed on time once airborne service was very good food was okay a full breakfast served.. Managed 40 minutes sleep before decent.. Landed around 10 minutes early on to a bridge baggage off the belt quickly.. I travelled with Comair 3 times over the previous week and find that both ground and inflight service is very good. 
 Brisbane to Adelaide. Put my luggage on the scale at home before leaving it was 7.3kg thought they would consider a bit of excess, was shocked when the crew put it on the scale it was 8kg. They also include handbags for weighing. Never seen anything like this. Worst experience my wife and I ever had. We have to pay $90 and have to bring along our luggage with us.
 Las Vegas to Toronto. Air Canada is pretty much a disgrace to the Canadian image and the maple leaf. It seriously needs to revamp its customer experienceservice strategy, as well as upgrade a majority of its fleet. Most of the planes, especially those serving its own country and the US are from sometime in the early 90s it seems. Squeaky seats, fraying seatbelts, broken air vents, nonfunctional lavatories causing huge delays, loss of baggage are just a few examples. Rude staff on the phone and on the planes is another disconcerting issue. Lets pull up our socks, Air Canada, and represent the country the way it deserves to be.
  We have just returned from Dalaman on Thomas Cook flight MT105 into Gatwick and after 50 years of flying I have never encountered such a poor bunch of staff. We paid for something called Economy Plus which the cabin manager Leanne obviously resented anyone having. Our food was late and had to be prised from the staff...apparently there was some error on the paperwork and we could not have our meals until it was sorted. On a 4 hour flight we not even offered a cup of coffee, a rude member of staff told us they were too busy after they had taken a compulsory break during the flight! We asked for a cold white wine and were told there are no fridges on the aircraft and the ice had run out  in row 2 and service started from the front. In the end we decided to press attendant button and it took 7 minutes for anyone to appear from behind the curtain where the cabin crew were busy munching their food ... a good job it was not an emergency. When she appeared and we asked for our 1st cup of coffee .. some two and half hours into the flight we were told that the sale of duty frees took priority and IF they had time after we may be able to have a cup of coffee  2 passengers sarcastically asked what the sachets of milk in their meals were supplied for. There were other passengers saying exactly the same as me, Thomas Cook never again. It just seemed like the staff were sure their jobs were going sometime soon and really couldnt care less. This great British airline appears to have given up hope and the whole experience reminds me of the last few months of Monarch airlines and look how that ended. A total disgrace and some employees of Thomas Cook need to take a long hard look at themselves after this dismal performance!
  In March our tickets were cancelled. They did not refund them, although they promised to do so in writing. All further communications are simply ignored. Test aankoop a belgian consumer protection organisation started up a file but they also ignored that. Even when the Belgian government bailed them out due to covid19, they keep the money and ignore us. If you book a ticket, know you enter a lottery and can only hope and pray you wont lose your money
  Deceptive gate agent in origin city resulted in over charge for baggage upon arrival to Keflavik. Obtuse customer service became condescending and did not resolve my issues. I do not recommend traveling with them.
  Lets start with a 8 hr flight and only one meal. Drinks served are really shot glasses. Its truly your Europe spirit airlines. From the point of contact at ticket agent not the most friendly but not rude on our way to Spain the crew was once again not friendly and seemed upset if we asked for anything so now it became rude. Well I just shook it off as they must be tired, I have been in travel industry for many yrs. I was wrong on the way from Spain to Miami ticket agent not friendly took passports and reservation no smile no how are you just group number we were a group of 4. She gave us our tickets and neglected to even tell us she did not put us all together and put us all in the middle seat spread out. Okay maybe its a full flight so I let The flight attendant know I was interested in changing my seat he said sure. But made no attempt to assist me when I went back to where my son was sitting I saw many seats available but once again I had all my stuff in my seat so I decided to stay in my seat. Later when I decided I needed some water I turned my light on to call for the flight attendant he then turned off my light several times without assisting me. So I gave this airline a try but with this experience I have to say poor service, do not recommend at all.
  This airline is worse than any airline I have ever used. Worst customer service. They charge for everything. 60 euros for not checking in online and 50 euros for each bag. Just outrageous. I am completely disgusted by this airline. I would never do myself such disservice by throwing away my money.  Zero communication topped with robbery. Airline is not reliable. The plane was significantly delayed.
  Prague to Amsterdam. Extremely rude staff. When i said hello which was their job to say that before me, she just rolled her eyes and looked somewhere else without any response. Rest of the staff was rude as well but this was something Ive never experienced while flying in my life.
Route FRAKIVFRA. First flight was an unmarked MD operated by SkyWings. Service and food were average at best. Return flight turned into quite a nightmare mostly for passengers who had a connection flight from Frankfurt to another city. The flight was scheduled at 0805 first postponed to 0900 then to 1000 and finally to 1230. In the end our flight took off at 1340 nearly eight hours late. There was hardly a word of excuse except a roll and a bottle of water handed to each passenger in the departure area.
  Amazing customer service  review delayed due to ill health. In May I was flown by Royal Flying Doctor Service to Adelaide where I spent 6 days due to a sudden, acute illness and after which I flew with your airline to Broken Hill where we had left our caravan so we could return to our home in Sydney for further medical care. Among the passengers on the flight were an elderly, frail woman and a woman returning to her regional home after shoulder surgery  I was feeling pretty fragile myself. We were all at the front of the plane and my husband and I were really impressed with the flight attendant, Abby, for whom nothing seemed too much trouble and who was very mindful of the particular issues the elderly lady and the postsurgery lady, both travelling alone, faced. Abby had a delightful demeanour and the service she provided was both efficient and compassionate. We were very impressed overall.
  Dhaka to Sydney via Kuala Lumpur. Worst service you can imagine. They charge you even for water. Even for a 6 hours long flight. So, if you dont have cash and you are travelling via economy class of Malindo air they will not give you water free. 
I have flown with Firefly in the past and rated them very highly. However, during my most recent trip from Penang to Krabi, my suitcase was badly damaged during the flight and can no longer be used. I reported the problem upon retrieving the suitcase at Krabi airport and completed the complaint form. The staff who dealt with the matter promised that Firefly would contact me to arrange reimbursement but no one has been in touch and, nearly a month later, no one from Fireflys head office has had the courtesy to respond to any of my emails. Will not use this airline again.
  Bahamasair is the worst airline you can ever imagine. After waiting in line for a ticket for 6 hours, we did not get to Nassau until the next day. We spent over 24 hours in an airport because of Bahamasair with no explanation. The staff were very rude and have horrible communication skills. This may come from the top tier. After flying to Nassau, which was not where we were flying, Bahamasair could not get us to where we booked our flight, to Eleuthera. Ive emailed this company multiple times, and they never replied back. Customer service is ideal when running a company. The fact that is airline is government based and represents the country. We may not live there, but were paying to visit, we deserve respect and communication. Get it together Bahamasair, which I guess Im saying this to the government since that who owns them. Save your money and time, fly Silver Airlines or anyone else but Bahamasair.
  First leg was great MEL to DRW. Second leg to Perth not so good. They ran out of food very quickly, and for someone with food allergies thats really frustrating, as it means going hungry for 4hrs, and also didnt even have decaf coffee. Who wants to drink caffeine at 9pm? Thats the main issue I had, that and a member of staff referring to people as yous, which I find very unprofessional. For anyone who isnt Australian, its how some refer to more than one person. Its slang, and I personally just found it rude and annoying. Also the WiFi didnt work, not for me anyway, so I couldnt watch anything, but fortunately I knew this would happen and loaded some stuff onto my phone beforehand, something I recommended everyone do. Considering the ticket cost me $550, I expected more.
Recently we have been to Orlando from Philly. Our flight got delayed by 2 hours and we got the notification call just 40 mins before the departure. Obviously we were not happy with this. During our return flight, we had one stop and we missed the first one. It was US Airways flight but managed by American Airlines now I guess. I approached the ground staff and told them how we missed it. When I was preparing myself to pay extra money, to my pleasant surprise they gave us different flight with no extra charge. We were so happy that we would use American Airlines US Airways in our next tour again. Apart from that flights were spacious, and service was okay. More courteous behaviour from crew would make it more attractive.
  Manchester to Larnaca. The flight was initially delayed for an hour because of technical issues but once boarded we were told that the delay would be up to a further 2.5 hours due to inclement weather over Belgium. We eventually left 2h 57 minutes late. Our flight number BY2334 is constantly late. The seats were uncomfortable and the entertainment was poor although we didnt expect entertainment. Our aircraft was 18 years old and was showing its age. We didnt enjoy this experience and were feeling quite tired and aching on our arrival.
  Abu Dhabi to Geneva in First on a 7879. Probably the best flight I had. Crew was outstanding, formal and professional, yet engaging with passengers. The seat is stunning, very roomy, elegant, and does not feel claustrophobic. Food was extremely good the menu is not that extensive but the quality of every dish is very high. You can order anything from the onboard menu, at any time. Pajamas provided are designed by a local Emirati brand A Friend Of Mine drawing inspiration from traditional Emirati dress, I found these pajamas to be incredibly soft and comfortable. Amenity kit is stocked with Acqua di Parma products. In my opinion, this First class product is much better than Emirates First. Some areas of improvement no amenities are offered in the toilet WiFi quality and speed could be better First passengers are given 200MB for free champagne could be enhanced Etihad serves Charles Heidsieck 2006, both Brut and Ros, while Singapore Airlines, e.g., serves Krug in First. Other than that, a flight close to perfection. The First Class Lounge  SPA at Abu Dhabi airport is beautifully designed and worth spending at least 2 hours.
  I have flown with this airline several times from Canada to destinations south and in Europe. I have never had any issues flying with them. As they are often the cheaper option when it comes to travel, I can get to where I want to go with ease and know i am getting great service for the price i pay. I never had an issue with their customer service as I typically am a wellprepared traveler, and know what to expect. But when Im in the airport the staff was helpful in using the selfluggage checkin. They were quick and helped me through the process and i was quickly through Security. Boarding is always ease, and they are there to help you find your seat quickly. While like some airlines they do not provide a blanket and pillow, i did pay for Options plus, which gave me a comfort kit. I do recommend price matching with the Options plus and eco standard as sometimes it could be cheaper. As well, I suggest bringing a blanket on board for comfort and warmth. The food is typical airplane food, nothing special about it. Overall it was a comfortable flight and quick to arrive at my destination.
  Thank you FlySafair for taking my 16 year old safely from Durban to Johannesburg. Smooth process from booking to landing. Thank you for communicating every step of the way!
Newcastle to Bergen return We were flying on the smaller of their two aircraft and there were a total of four passengers plus one flight attendant. All four passengers were seated in the very rear of the plane most likely to balance the weight due to the small aircraft. The good thing about flying with Eastern was that probably it was included in the cost of the tickets but passengers are allowed to go through the Fast Track security line. Also at Newcastle International terminal gate 31 is exclusive for Eastern. The terminal lounge was tiny and had bowls of sweets and copies of their inflight magazine. The downside is that the aircraft is very noisy so one has a problem hearing the inflight announcements and the aircraft seems to feel turbulence being so tiny. Also if you need to use the toilet try not to otherwise its located in the rear of the plane behind a door that you need to be sure is securely locked or you risk giving a show. I could not for anything find a sink but there was a bottle of hand sanitizer that was available. The flight from Bergen there was no dedicated terminal lounge. The socalled complimentary refreshments on both flights were only drinks and either a packet of sweet or savoury snacks. The flight from Bergen the flight attendant offered hot towels just prior to landing. This wasnt offered on the flight from Newcastle. The flights were over an hour each and I think they could and should have served sandwiches considering they advertise how they are a cut above the other airlines. Perhaps its due to mounting costs but other than those tiny packets of snacks they bombarded us with sweets before and during the flights. The sweets are not the best quality too. Return flight had a total of twelve passengers and one flight attendant. As stated in earlier reviews it seems as though Eastern doesnt have a huge customer base so Im not sure how they manage to exist.
 Terrible Customer Service, no one to talk to, no one answers any email, No one takes any responsibility. Suitcase did not arrive at destination, already waiting a week for any update or need on the where about off the baggage. Completely ruined my trip to Germany. 30€ for each of the first 3 days? Many emails have been send to Eurowings customer service and several Managers without any response. 
  Jakarta to Kuala Lumpur. I know from the start that this airline is the worst airline among all airline in Indonesia. Well known for their bad reputation and deserves it.  Cheap but not have good quality seems like they always have issues.  Just let you know if u were on budget trip please use other airline, there are plenty whose cheap but not as bad as this airline.
  The review for this flight was terrible. 2 times I booked through the bamboo website using my credit card but it always failed, but the payment has been successfully taken. Call to CS they promised to call me back within 2 hours but after 3 hours I was not contacted. I was afraid the price would go up I asked for certainty because I didnt want to double book. My Vietnamese friend helped contact them and according to him I should ordered again, after I made a payment with a different credit card I still didnt receive the ticket. I complained to them via IG and they promised to forward my ticket and cancel another book in the morning. I explained that the price could go up in the future but they promised that I got the ticket according to what I bought. the next day I was contacted by them and they asked me to go to their office and kept on promising that I would get my ticket without having to buy a more expensive ticket, the ticket turned out to be 50 more expensive. after I got there. CS there was not at all helpful and they even admitted that the error was from their website, and what a brilliant service from them I was told by them to buy another ticket at a higher price  they admit it was their fault, and I am the loser because I was charged twice and as a recovery service I have to pay for the 3rd ticket at a price that is 50 more expensive and even their manager doesnt provide a solution, just ask for my number just to check who called me and yet again and also they asked the risk information too regarding my credit card. The food they provide is only 1 type, namely pork sandwiches. as a person who does not eat pork because of religion this is really very disappointing, there is no other food alternative so I dont get a meal. If possible to give 0 stars, i would be love to give it
  Barcelona to Rome. The agent made us check the weight of every single bag we had, even hand bags, we consolidated and reconsolidated, checked 3 bags and paid the extra costs for the bags and still Alitalia lost our luggage. Worst customer service, they could care less that your luggage is lost and do nothing to even try to help.  How does no one know where my luggage is and why are the customer service agents so horribly trained.
  Flew from New York JFK to Palermo. I read some of the complaints posted, and this is a budget airline that offers decent service at the lowest prices. If you want a business class service, book a flight on a larger commercial airline. We have travelled with Meridiana a few times in the past few years, last time June 2016, there were 8 of us, and they do what they say, got us safely from JFK to Palermo, nonstop. All of our flights there and back have left on time and have arrived early. Its a no frills airline, you are not paying for frills, you are paying a very discounted price. If you dont like the food, and really who does, plan ahead, bring the food you like on board with you. I bring my own entertainment system on board, i.e., my laptop with movies on CDs, my iPad with books and games downloaded. I am thankful this low cost airline is available so we can stretch the travel budget to take 2 or 3 trips a year to Italy. We will continue flying Meridiana.
 The airplane was supposed to take off at 15.35 but we flew late. During the entire journey the arcs in the cabin were not working, with such hot weather outside and no AC in the cabin all the passengers were agitated and were sweating. The air hostess did not care and kept saying that it will work in 1520min. The air hostesses were rude and busy in their own gossiping. Worst flight ever.
Flew on four separate legs within Myanmar and found them to be surprisingly good. You dont normally expect catering on flights of under an hour but there was something on all segments. Arrived in good time at Heho Airport for a flight to Yangon and they automatically put me on to an earlier departure. There is a certain amount of third world amateurism about the boarding process but it all seemed to work.
  Larnaca to Athens. New aircraft, helpful cabin staff, captain informative, arrived ahead of schedule. No seat reservation through internet check in, only at the counters. No meals, menu only in English, and so were safety instructions, meaningless to local passengers who do not speak English. What they call inflight magazine, a small booklet dated SeptemberOctober 2016 nothing of the kind we know, but a small family type booklet with practically nothing about Cyprus and only in English. There is no limit to carry ons so passengers carry heavy huge two or three carry ons and nobody checks the size of weight of these carry ons. 
Flight from Dalaman to Gatwick on 14th August 2013. Very pleased with the service staff very helpful and friendly. We will definitely fly Onur Air again.
  Bought tickets from Supersaver Helsinki to Rga, and I am an old customer with Ryanair, always been happy with fast service until now. Day before flight checked email, Ryanair app, no invite for online check in, so I thought. Going to do like normal people check in at airport, but now need to pay...and an adult and 2 kids check in for flight of 40 euros was 160 euros. And I asked any another way as I wasnt informed, in which I got told somewhere with small letter you can find info. I also explained I have travelled many times with Ryanair and always have got online check in but not this time and no info that you cant check in at airport computer...so I send same sad disappointment about service like that to customer service and just copy paste text. Also the guy at desk, wow, I must say Im surprised he works at an airport, dead as dead person...at the end of the day, Im sad that Ryanair didnt even try to understand situation and pretty much copy pasted texting, so I m gonna skin this company for my travel trips. Just because you are a cheap airline company doesnt give them the right to behave that way, you should consider reducing the fee a little less especially if its a 50 min flight and price 15 euros.
  I suggest not using Flydubai under any circumstances, the flying route from our destination to Dubai was canceled in their program, and we were promised a refund we have now been pledged eight weeks by the customer service department that we would handle it escalate and get back to you however, all empty promises. Flydubai does not care about customer service or is interested in keeping the promises they continuously commit to arranging.
We booked SFOFLLSJUDOM the last leg being on LIAT. A few days after booking we received an email stating that our SJUDOM flight had been canceled and we would be rerouted through ANU at no additional charge. Inconvenient but we sucked it up. After all it would only be one more hour. Arrival in SJU was stressful. We had to find a LIAT employee to check in and get boarding passes. The transfer service desk was unstaffed and personnel from other airlines told us that they had no idea when a LIAT representative would show. Exited the secure area and checked in at the painfully slow and incompetently staffed checkin counter. The other half waited at the customer service desk inside the airport and checked in when a LIAT representative finally decided to show her face. At the checkin counter I checked in without issue though the computer crashed multiple times. Our 14.50 flight ended up leaving the ground around 1640. Needless to say we missed our onehour connection in Antigua. We were livid. Our plane was the largest in LIATs fleet  an ATR72. Nice enough clean and comfortable. No beverage or food service but at this point that was not unexpected. Landing in ANU we were informed that although we had missed our ANUDOM flight the airline graciously scheduled another flight to take us to DOM. There was a single LIAT employee or so it seemed in the entire terminal  we initially encountered her at the desk that dealt with passengers in transit. There was a line at this desk that reached out the door of the terminal and onto the tarmac as people needed to get boarding passes for this new flight. The new ANUDOM flight was scheduled for 1830 but we were not surprised when we took off at 1900. The plane was on an old Bombardier. Dont even think about bringing a rollaway bag with you as a carryon. The overhead bins are hardly fit for a handbag. The seats themselves did not recline though were comfortable enough. Again no food or beverages.
  Flew San JoseBogotaMedellinCartagena on economy flights  apart from one issue with trying to pay for a seating upgrade service centre did not respond so did it at airport all flights were very punctual, boarding process worked so the airline delivered what was promised. Seating and service was basic economy standard with service offered even on very short BogMed flight. I was happy to use Avianca and would do so again.
  Traveling business class was an unpleasant experience, worst business even worse than American Airlines For the price you pay for this business class there are other airlines that offer you much more services both on board and on the ground wifi on board impossible to activate although Saudia provides you with a code via SMS, it does not work, and the staff on board does not know how to help you.   Viaggiare in business class  stata unesperienza sgradevole, la peggiore business anche peggio di American Airlines Per il prezzo che si paga per questa business class ci sono altre compagnie aeree che ti offrono molti pi servizi sia a bordo che a terra wifi a bordo impossibile attivarlo sebbene Saudia ti fornisce via SMS un codice, non funziona, ed il personale a bordo non sa come aiutarti
  Have been delayed over 5 hours due to stupid failure of system update at 9am. After the flight arrived then it said pilots are timeout and no pilots are coming. Messy communication and information at the airport No compensation, no food or coupon offered, no update of latest departure time. People are just unlimitedly waiting for nothing. Its my first time to Hawaii from Asia. This airline messes up my schedule and ruins my trip. Thank you to Hawaii airline giving such a terrible experience.
  Flew Newark to Paris. La Compagnie is terrible and a poor excuse for business class. The plane is old and worn, the lounge is cheap and overcrowded and the entire cabin smelled literally of urine. The staff were extremely rude, especially a staff member at Newark airport. Worst airline experience. I will never fly them again.
  Am supposed to be on a flight on MI346 from Singapore to Penang on 28 Feb 20, 7.55am. After waiting for 30 minutes, was updated that plane is waiting for the engineering crew to check on some system fault, though it is not a risk for flight. The crew then served us some snacks to appease some of the angry customers and as I bite into the Old Chang Kee curry puff, the cover was already soggy and very nasty for consumption! At about 9.50am they told us that the system cannot be rectified and got us to another plane at gate E6 which is all the way to the other side of the airport. The flight is now delayed to depart at 10.45am. A good 3 hours has been wasted and thus affected my medical appointment. I do not recommend using Silkair, just go for other budget airlines, it just doe not worth the money paying premium and yet getting such lousy service!
 Poor quality airline  dirty interior and no seat belts available for infants not a oneoff experience  Ive had the same experience on three internal flights.
 Japan Airlines offers 2 nonstop flights from New York JFK to Tokyo, and this is the later one to the more central Haneda airport. The airline is one of the 4 main operators at JFK Terminal One, but it is the only of the 4 that does not have its own lounge at JFK. They offer their premium passengers access to Lufthansas Senator Lounge instead. Boarding was quite nice and in order, something that I have not seen in Terminal One for a long time. The F Sky Suite was nicely designed and spacious, with ample storage space. Meals were good and nicely presented, as expected from a leading F product. Staff are respectful and accommodating. I picked the Japanese menu but also expressed that I liked caviar, which belonged to the Western menu, and the attendant happily obliged. She also offered to make my bed in the suite across the aisle the cabin was only half full so I can continue to use my suite for lounging and the other for sleeping. Such small initiatives made a difference between good and excellent service. It should be noted that, unlike many other first class suites, the Sky Suite does not have a personal closet to hang your clothes. After I changed and exited the WC, an attendant already waited outside with a hanger offering to hang my clothes for me. What a valet service. Overall, I think Japan Airlines First Class product deserves it 5star status.
 Another good flight by Scoot. This was the second leg of my flight getting me back home to Perth. I paid a little extra for the Scoot in Silence area, but I should not have bothered, because I think at the most there were fifty passengers on this flight. Cabin crew were happy and friendly as usual, but I think also a little bit bored because the aircraft was so lightly loaded. A smooth flight, but we hit the usual turbulence when we got to the top end of Western Australia. Despite this, the aircraft landed right on time at Perth airport. I did not purchase any extra for this flight, so I cant really comment any further. Price of the flight was good, in my opinion, definitely value for money. One has to also keep in mind that Scoot is a budget airline, so remember not to set your expectations too high.
 Singapore to Chennai. Worst flight, No leg space, worst seats. Nothing is proper. Any other budget airline is still better than Air India Express. This aircraft should have been retired long ago. The seat cushion wasnt any more, windows and seats all were broken, air conditioning wasnt working.
 My trip wasnt planned, it was a last minute thing, had to find a flight going to Bangui in 2 days, only flight available was ASKY, 5 years ago had a horrible experience with ASKY but had no choice but to fly them. Going to Bangui flight was good, flight attendants were great, joyful, easy to talk to, good manners and helpful, I was shocked and surprised but in a good way. Bangui to Lome flight, KP 035 was terrible, same bad experience all back, flight attendants super nasty, bad attitude, bad service, impolite, miserable people. They need to go back to learn how to react with customers! Dont bring your bad mood to your job! People on the plane are paying customers, they deserve respect. ASKY should do better! 
 Garuda Indonesia GA89. Second time flying their B777 route AMSCGK and vise versa. Flying during pandemic doesnt stop the cabin crew to provide their best service as always. Helpful, sincere, friendly and attentive, this is how I describe GA cabin crew. Meals served as always, course by course as if you are experiencing an Ala Carte dining. Unlike other airlines that decided to serve their meals in a box and cut services from usual, but not in GA. Covid19 measurement is nicely done, all crews wearing mask and hand gloves. There is no unnecessary attributes. Business class lavatories are huge in comparison with KLMs I flew weeks ago. Seats comes in 121 configurations while many airlines are still on 222 or even 232. Social distance is well practiced on board which is the most important case nowadays. Same goes to some of their domestic route such as CGKDPS will fly only wide body aircrafts to ensure the social distancing. Cant wait to experience this route in a few days after 5 days compulsory quarantine in Jakarta for all international arrivals to Indonesia.
  Almaty to stanbul in March 2018. There was no delay on flight. I remember smiling crew faces for that trip. There was delicious food and good entertainment for 6 hours flight. Note wishing to see bigger planes for such a long vayage. 
  Stansted to Larnaca. Be very wary of this airline. Even though it might be a cheap airline, you still have the same problems that all budget airlines suffer travel to airport, purchase food, legroom etc. But this is not why I am writing this review. I am writing this because of their extremely bad quality of customer care. After purchasing the ticket online, Cobalt failed to inform us that they changed the return destination airport from Stansted to Gatwick. So after leaving my car at Stansted, I had to go and get it on the return journey, so to not incur more charges. The check in lady told me to speak to customer services at Cobalt so I did. After a few emails back and forth, they forwarded me an email they sent to us before the flight, which we did not receive. Not only that but they had our telephone number, which they did not send a text or call us. I cannot believe they can do such a thing and not inform their customers and be 100 sure that they have informed their customers of such a change. I advise you to not deal with this company as it will inherently bite you back!
  Birmingham to Amritsar via Ashkabat. No nonsense air line. Great Indian vegetarian food. There was no flight screens, no seat screens. We stopped at Ashgabat for one hour, its nice modern airport with all facilities. The good thing was that the time at Ashgabat and time in India is only 30 minute difference.
LGWHOG. Economy class. Awful journey inflight entertainment nonexistent  crackly DVD showing Spanish cartoons and headphones system did not work. Seats broken and uncomfortable. Service very poor and could not hear any of the announcements. When I signalled for a stewardess to come and speak to me I was shrugged at. Temperature was high in the cabin throughout flight. HAVLGW. Upgraded to Business Class this was really worth it. Staff attentive and the food great. The entertainment although audio still not working was better quality. Upgrading to Business Class was like upgrading to get the quality of most other airlines Ive flown with in Economy Class.
  Sydney to Bali. I received an email a week before from Malindo airlines, changing my return journey by 3 days. With no alternative but to rearrange my entire holiday. Their customer service was appalling as they had no idea as to what they could offer customers like me in distress. I will never fly with this airline ever again and I still dont know what Im going to do with my flights.
 One of the worst experiences on a flight. I was heading out from New Delhi to Bangalore and it was not worth the effort. The seats were not as expected cleaned, the seat covers was teared from one side, likewise the seat which is allotted to me dont had the seat movable button since it was broken, so all through the entire excursion I needed to sit truly awkward.
  Sarajevo to Amsterdam via Zagreb. Both flights were on time, uneventful, and included a small snack bag. First leg was on a Q400 turboprop, second on an A320. Both planes looked to be in good condition. Zagreb gate staff were strict on cabin luggage size and weight so some bags had to be checked at the gate. The last flight landed on the distant Polderbaan runway in Amsterdam and was a 25 minute taxi to the gate but thats not Croatia Airlines fault. Overall cheaper than Lufthansa.
 Garbage! With a capital G! Actually make it all capital letters and bolded! I always want to give airlines a chance and this is my 2nd time with Frontier and once again it reminded me why I shouldnt fly this airline. They delayed my flight twice and claimed that my pocket on my small purse was touching their bin where they measure bags so they charged me $100. This ridiculous! If you can afford a better airline or maybe save a bit more for a different airline then do it! I have been so stressed out with this airline that I literally have a migraine. They claim that your bag needs to be a certain measurement but what they really mean is, make sure your bag slides in the bin and theres plenty of room around without even letting the slightest piece of your luggage touch the bin. I hate this airline!
  SQ171 DADSIN. Terrible flight. Boarding started late and was chaos, with no real explanation about the delay. Upon boarding could not use the overhead above my seat, and was not allowed to have any personal items. There was a Headphone shortage. Took off, and inflight service started rather late. Cabin attendants speaking extremely fast, and I was unable to comprehend what they were saying. Multiple times, Had to ask them to slow down. They ran out of food. Offered Entre was disgusting, and I refused. They came back, and tried to offer me the Business Class entre, but there was only 1 choice. I passed, but they hounded me with endless questions. Landed, and couldnt get access to my luggage. Singapore Airlines is only good on Ultra Long Haul flights. With Asian connections not anymore, since they got rid of the A330. 
  Flying IcelandAir has, honestly, been one of the worst experiences of my life. A significant portion of my luggage was lost by the airline. It has been almost 14 days. I have submitted multiple claims and none of them have been responded to. Staff are rude, refuse to provide policies that they are referencing on my rights as a consumer, and they do not allow for me to raise my complaints with a supervisor. Currently, I am in Greenland on business without the proper clothing and resources to do my trip safely. I have missed out on important meetings and I am virtually confined to my room with the temperatures and IcelandAirs unwillingness to provide compensation that can be used up front for the clothing and gear that I need. IcelandAir is neglectful and they do not respond online, offline, or with sufficient information to keep their passengers safe and supported after they have collected their revenue.
11 Oct 05 TripoliTunis Libyan Arab Airlines There are two terminals in Tripoli one domestic and the other international about 20Km and $20 apart. This one andabit hour flight was due to leave at 1430. Be aware that when you fly on Libyan Arab Airlines you will be bussed to a very distressed 30 year old 727200. We boarded the plane only half an hour late because of a security agent in dark glasses and an Armani type suit jacket draped over the shoulders who laboriously checked documents of all passengers on the 40 degree tarmac. The interior of the plane was so hot probably 50 degrees that the older passengers were dropping like flies which further delayed the departure by a couple of hours. Sitting beside me fanning himself at high speed the interior was now like 120 large beserk butterflies was a flight engineer for LN who explained that there were no spare parts for the Auxiliary Power Unit that provides the AC so thats why it was hot. I thought that this was not the moment to ask if there could be similar spares shortages for the main engines. People perked up above 10000 feet when they recovered and the cabin crew were not as aggressive as they were on the ground. Your heart goes out to these folks who are on these planes its both unpleasant and dangerous work. The alternative to taking Libyan Arab Airlines to Tunis is a 12 hour bus ride.
  Be very careful when booking direct flight with SriLankan Airlines. I booked a return flight from London to Colombo for the 17th January 2020 for my wife and I. They proceed to take for the flight twice £1,145 Plus they have added an admin fee £252. I booked the flight on the 12th December and once I found out what they did, I have been trying to get my money back by emailing them six times and have placed eight calls to there non existent customer service. The fraud section of MBNA credit company has now intervene and is pursuing SriLankan Airlines for the refund they have not respond or issued a refund to date Monday 6th January.
  I would never recommend this airline. It was a very bad experience. The seat was dirty, with chewing gum and other debris on it, and despite informing the hostess multiple times to either change my seat or clean it, nothing was done about it. This was by far the worst travel experience I have had.
Just returned from a weekend in Amsterdam flying out of London City Airport. Flight was fine for a short flight and the location of City airport was convenient. Was disappointed by how they handled the large volume of cabin trolley cases on both outward and return flights. On the way out of London nothing was said until my friend and I boarded the plane and there was no space left in the overhead lockers for our trolley cases both of which were standard cabin size. This was the case for a number of passengers and it was inconvenient as we were told that we had to take them to the front of the plane for them to be put in the hold which caused difficulties as passengers were trying to get down the aisle in opposing directions. On the return flight out of Schipol as we queued at the gate to get on the plane they saw that about 1012 of the passengers at the front of the queue including us and told us that we would have to hand our baggage in to be placed in the hold. What bothered me was that after we took our seats we saw people coming onto the place after us who had trolley cases bigger than ours  so it seemed unfair that some of the passengers were treated differently.
  We flew EasyFly from Medellin EOH to Pereira. When we checked in online, we discovered theyd moved the flight 15 minutes later. This wasnt a problem for us, and we checked in online without problem. Check in at the airport was quick and we had no issues with bags  one was slightly over 15kg, one was under, and we didnt get charged. The flight was on time and upon arrival in PEI the bags were on the belt immediately. The plane was clean and seemed fairly new. It was impossible to buy a ticket from the US with a US credit card on their website, however we were finally able to buy a ticket online using a Colombian travel agency, Aviatur. We had no problems and were pleased we chose EasyFly.
  I had a flight from New Orleans to Jacksonville. They canceled my flight after 10pm the night before i was supposed to leave, no explanation as to why just an email to contact customer service which closed at 6pmEST. I ended up spending $483 to book a last minute ticket so that I could get home. I have called customer service and no one ever answers the phone after sitting on hold for 2 hrs. Also if you do the hold your place for a call back no one calls back. No refund no nothing. This is ridiculous and they need to be shut down. 
  Istanbul to Ankara. Very capable, smiling, helpful, diligent cabin crew. Seat pitch was very good, although seating was not very comfy. I was alone on a threeseat row. Although takeoff was a bit delayed, the flight landed ontime. Prebought sandwich was pretty good, prices for drinks are reasonable, thumbs up for alcohol on a domestic shorthaul and all these on a lowcost experience. Quite unexpected and pleasant surprise for anyone who has seen European lowcost flights.
 Very friendly and professional staff, quick and easy service. Even snack water and coffee on a short haul flight. Flight was smooth and almost on time.
 Flew Paris CDG to Luxembourg. Bad service, unfriendly staff, poor baggage claim service closes at 7pm and poor customer service. This company benefit from the fact that if people have to travel long distance they will end up on a Luxair flight code sharing with the company they chose. This is really irritating since Luxair is a terrible company with poor services.
  Bahrain to Delhi. I booked my ticket before one month but when its times to fly, Gulf air staff giving reasons that flight is overloaded, there is not space. I had work in Delhi, there was arranged couples of things. If next time Ill fly with this airline, I have to think many time. Now whos responsible for this. Who will pay my expense. Even they have not arranged another flight, they were giving options for next day flight.
  Yesterday we flew from Stansted to Budapest. The plane was supposed to take off at 17.45. FR1331 Stansted Airport We were informed that there was an issue that they had to check. As a result they didnt allow the plane to go. The main reason I am writing this review that I was extremely pleased with the staffs work quality. The stewards and stewardesses remained helpful, attentive, calm and polite. We were taken to another plane. This process was quick as everyone was sitting the plane took off. All the staff that took part in this process deserves a huge praise for their professionalism.
  Cape Town to Johannesburg. Once again a very pleasant flight on SAA. The cabin crew was extremely professional and friendly. I fly many different airlines regularly and SAA ranks in my top 3 due to their excellent service. Their hard product may not be very competitive still very comfortable though anymore, but they surely make up for it in service and catering.
  The routing was NairobiEntebbeKigaliLusakaJohannesburg. Crazy itinerary however a good deal in terms of ticket price. First flight from Nairobi to Kigali was satisfactory. A330 from Kigali to Lusaka and Joburg offered lots of comfort with hot breakfast and hot snack served later. IFE was pretty pathetic on flights where it was available and otherwise non existent. On the return a terrible sandwich was served followed by a hot dinner. Overall not a bad airline, the cabin crew were very friendly. However ground services staff seem to be overwhelmed especially when we flew the A330. Checkin was very slow both in Nairobi and in Johannesburg Was told I was not on the list when arrived at JNB for Checkin! and all except two departures were slightly delayed without any explanation or any information given. Good airline if youre trying to save money.
LCYEDI in the evening after the ash cloud had closed EDI during the day. Good information from both the website and their customer service number about the status of the days flights. Checked in online but the SMS boarding pass never arrived so had to use selfservice machine at LCY  easy enough. Flight left a few minutes late after the crew checked that EDI had in fact reopened at 7pm as expected and arrived on time. Inflight service fairly basic but fine for an 80minute flight. Friendly and efficient crew comfortable seats and adequate space on the Avro RJ85. Not that cheap but would fly with them again.
Friedrichshafen  Hamburg. It was one of my best experiences on a regional flightairline. Aircraft was clean. The crew CheckIn to cabin crew was very polite as well as highly professional. Flight attendant made clearly understandable announcementssafety demos. The only downside is that Intersky asks passengers to pay prohibitive expensive prices for onboard drinkssnacks. But since they consider themselves as a low cost airline truly providing LCC price level it was no surprise. and everybody is free not to buy anything.
  London to Manila via Beijing. I went to Manila via Air China and had a connecting flight to Beijing. Upon arrival in Manila, my luggage is not there. I had to fill up a form indicating that my luggage is missing, etc. The following day I received a reference and after that no one even bother to call me or update me about my missing baggage after that. Its been 6 days already and still I dont receive anything from them. Even their customer service is not helping saying that they dont have contacts to Beijing or Heathrow and all they can do is wait. If only I can go and find it myself in Heathrow, Beijing or Manila airport, I will find it myself.
  Helsinki to Barcelona via Riga. Having gone with them twice before and being disappointed both times i reluctantly gave them another shot, and how i wish hadnt. These guys are literally unbeatable at the level of unfriendliness to people. Right at check in, despite having put extra care into my weight limits and allowance i booked an extra seat for musical instruments i got secondguessed and barked at. The cabin crew were ill spirited and seemed annoyed at the sheer presence of people. It doesnt hurt to treat each other as human beings, does it? Dont give these guys your money. Avoid at all costs.
 This is an indifferent airline with a flawed business model that prioritizes and puts profits before customer service and satisfaction. Case in point Delay outbound from Frankfurt and inbound to Frankfurt by 3 hours. The traveler can secure a specific seat for a fee, BUT gets a different seat assignment at checkin. Is that legal? I guess if you collect money upfront prior to rendering services you can pull these stunts. Meals provided are barely edible bring your own sandwich for longhaul flights. The cabin staff is friendly. The seats are not designed for todays traveler, unless you are 150cm a weigh 50kg. Inflight selection is VERY limited and same on return longhaul flights. There is room for improvement, but no incentive to do so. If you run into problems, the government is not far away from providing a bailout funds.
  Arrived at the airport at 645am for an 830 am flight used grab to select the terminal however the driver took us to terminal 2 instead of 1. We waited 20 minutes for airport bus and only arrived at checking at 745. Was informed by the airline that we had missed the checkin period. We then asked if we could fly and our bags could be checked into another flight to which the representative said that bags have to fly with their passengers. The representative was not helpful and no alternatives were offered or assistance was given.
I cant complain about the flight itself due to the price. I live in Paris and have double nationality. However, I was traveling on my American passport as one is obliged to do when traveling to the US and when I got to JFK for my return flight to Paris, XL Airways France to give me a boarding pass unless I produced a french passport, which I had not brought with me. To my surprise, my french identity card had expired in July. XL Airways forced me to buy a return ticket to the US which I will not be able to use or wouldnt allow me on my return flight. They said that I risked being sent back to the US. I have flown in and out of Paris for 25 years using my US passport without problem  and this trip was the same the french authorities stamped my US passport with no question. Has anyone else had this kind of problem with XL Airways or any other airline?
  The most wonderful staff I have ever met. It was the staff that inspired me to write this review. Because it was an ordinary flight, similar to other flights, but we had one trouble, in which case they usually get off the plane, and it doesnt matter that the problem is not the fault of the passenger. So, all the staff with a great desire to help, solved our problem and we still flew. This is a real concern for passengers, the human factor, which is just on top in this flight! I want to thank each one separately Charito, Murielle, Jeleesa, captain Matthew, captain Jay
NYU to RGN. First told flight would not be direct then 1 hour delay then flight cancelled. They book us on the evening flight with another airline. Story of operational issues with plane seemed less than truthful. Airline needs to improve reliability if they wish to serve and attract international passengers. Airline website lacks any real time flight status. At checking everything done with paper and pen. I noticed a number of passengers whose reservations they could not find. Good idea to print out receipt when you book and have it with you. Staff were helpful as they could be under the circumstances.
 Melbourne to Tehran via MuscatAbu Dhabi. I received my bags a week after my arrival in Tehran because they engaged another airline Etihad to do the first part of the journey, my bags were held in Abu Dhabi the staff in Tehran were rude and unhelpful trying to avoid accepting the responsibility. I think this company is far from being an international professional airline, they are known for missing bags. The second issue was the extremely expensive cost of rebooking a flight once you miss one flight it cost me $1300 Australian dollars to rebook my flight from Abu Dhabi to Melbourne
  Mumbai to Perth via Kuala Lumpur. Staff is rude, they are not allowing to bring our water for baby in the flight.  In the Mumbai to Malaysia flight they did not offer any meal or water if you want you have to buy at very high cost and very less quantity. I brought a cup of water 50ml at 300 INR. In the ticket had mentioned only 1.5 hrs halt at Malaysia, when we reached at Kuala Lumpur we informed that next connecting flight will fly 11 hrs late. I shocked, I asked staff to arrange any other option or give us complementary, I was asking them again and again this but they did not respond. Even Malindo staff are not helping me to tell how to reach to next connecting flight terminal. Flight is very dirty and congested. In paper ticket whole journey was 13 hrs, but got 23 hrs to reach to Perth with pathetic experience.
  For our 3 seats the entertainment units were not working, for my seat the headset was not working and I was told to just read the subtitles by the team member and that this would definitely keep me entertained! My friend in the next seats remote was not working and she was told to entertain herself through the 12 hour flight. The entertainment units not working on a day flight was frustrating, however the team members words were infuriating for us. The bathrooms were a mess throughout the journey and the crew were not keen to tidy them up. service was slow but professional. Admittedly nervous about our journey back home next week.
Due to a family bereavement I had the need to make a day round trip from Leeds to Southampton. Two options were available to me train or fly down. Despite not having flown for 25 years I chose the fly option based on cost and obviously journey time. What an excellent choice I made I booked with Eastern Airways and had an extremely pleasant trip. Check in was efficient the flight crew were attentive offering light refreshments and warm towels on both legs and both flights were on time despite some very inclement weather on the approach to LeedsBradford. The aircraft was a Jetstream and although quite small I found it to be clean comfortable and surprisingly quiet for a turboprop. I have no hesitation in recommending Eastern and would use them again. The experience restored my confidence in flying!
  Mumbai to Tbilisi via Sharjah. Worst experience. I am a student and i was travelling from Mumbai to Tbilisi,I was allowed to carry 10 kg hand carriage. So i had my 10 kgs and my laptop bag. In Mumbai Airport it wasnt a issue they let me pass. Once Ive reached Sharjah for transit they started weighing my laptop bag and took my ticket away and asked me to pay fine. Never had such a worst experience. Never using Air Arabia again.
  Great flying but a horrible check in experience. Very rude woman at the desk in Innsbruck who seemed bothered to help me and barely said hello. There was no line of people in front of me and I was the only one checking in at the moment.
Christmas EveDallas Love to SFO. A fabulous experience! Movie, unique music playlist. Flight on time. Serene competent crew. Black rain clouds smooth landing.  Virgin America my brand preference in the future. Thank you for a wonderful flight.
  JetBlue is exploiting the Caribbean with extremely high fares for the poorest service in return. The tickets economy class are 1700usd one way, in return most of the flights are over 14 hrs delayed on a constant. The agents are extremely rude not even a welcome on board, no ice for any of the beverages and the list goes on. I hope that they wont find themselves in the same situation as American Airlines that did the same thing in exploiting the Caribbean countries, and now no one from the islands make them 1st choice when traveling.  Also there is a fee attached to everything.
 If you planing to save some bucks by using VivaAerobs let me tell you to think twice. I have 2 pieces of baggage lost for a week from my flight from Guadalajara to Chicago. I have placed multiple phone calls, emails and social media messages and still nothing. All they said is wait for a call and they never call. I suggest you spend more on another airline rather than this garbage. Airplanes are old, most of the time it is delays for technical issues, and now missing baggage. Not even Volaris is this irresponsible.
  My Spirit Airlines flight from NY to Detroit was delayed. I missed the Spirit Airlines flight from Detroit to LAX because of the delay. The next flight was 12 hours later. Got to LAX at 3pm and missed the ZIPAIR Tokyo flight. Talked to both airlines to resolve issue and both denied to offer me help. Had to ask other airlines for assistance. Zipair denied to help,  I have been sleeping in airports for 4 days now. I had paid for insurance but they didnt care.
Flew from Birmingham to Berlin on 5 day winter break. Could not fault timeliness and having booked the smart price seating we were very impressed with leg room available. Plus the plane was very clean and gave a light and airy feeling. The food on offer was not very original with the same on offer outbound and inbound however people must remember that these are budget flights and for the money paid everything from check in through inflight was excellent. We would have no hesitation in using this company again and will be recommending them to friends and family.
 People rarely give good reviews more often opting to write something when things go wrong, but its been such a long time that Ive had a good experience with an airline carrier, that I had to leave a review! I had a great experience with EVA Air flying from Vietnam to the United States. The trips consisted of 2 flights, one for 3h and one for almost 12h, both trips were great. The staff was very friendly and professional. The food was also great. I didnt feel like I was being scammed out of my money at every step of the trip like I do a lot of the time nowadays with US airlines. I would definitely recommend this airline.
  Only reason I used this airline was because I had someone else book the flight. First and last time I do that, first and last time I fly with Norse. Upon arrival everyone waited at least 40 minutes to get checked in. They charge for everything. Norse is the spirit airlines for international travelers. Carry ons arent free. Food isnt free. $5 for headphones. Im sure blankets, pillows or any other commodity isnt free. If youre trying to save money because this airline has a cheaper ticket price, spend the extra $200 on a better airline with all the amenities.
By far one of the worst experiences I have had flying out of the country. They were supposed to take me from JFK to Lagos and then to Liberia, it almost seems impossible for them. After a 12 hours layover in New York, when it came time to board, they were late checking their passengers in and then when we got to gate we sat there for another 4 hrs before they told us to line up for boarding. We waited another hour and they proceed to tell us that the flight was going to be delayed for an hour, 45 mins later we were told they were having technical issues that could last for hours. If you ever going to west Africa, Arik Air is not the airline.
The service is always good the food often served cold training required there  the delays are ongoing  why? Why cant we use upgrade certificates on the BNEPOM flight? The lounge in POM is late opening and often doesnt open before the 7am departure  people pay for this service.
  Flight delayed 2 hrs 45 min. Get to Calgary waited 2hrs no luggage appeared. Received next day at 3pm. Now flight home delayed from 3 45pm to 840pm!! Ridiculous. Had to change bus booked to airport and our pickup in Toronto. Communication lacking. Hoping not delayed again, or lost luggage. Never flying with them again! On hold 45 minutes, still holding. 
  Warsaw to Prague. I had bought a ticket with no luggage by mistake and I wasnt able to add luggage online so I thought Id just get it at the airport. When I went to check in the lady was rude, I was over by 1.4kg so she charged me an extra bag 35 euros for 23kg and kept saying my bag was too heavy. If I had known  I could have packed an extra bag.  Maybe consider hiring people who smile and are friendly to customers.
Our flight from VIEDelhi was alright. An immense 15 hrs waiting time for the connecting flight though. Service is minimal, food is minimalistic. Our flight back from Delhi was actually ok. The AC seems extreme, the food was more in quantity but less in quality. Our 10 hrs for the connecting flight back to Vienna turned out to be 13 hrs. Almost every flight was delayed 2.5 up to 4 hrs. This airport aims for international, however the amount of people in the shops and food courts who speak English is almost zero. Please, Transaero, improve your quality.
 I usually do not write reviews with a good or a bad experience. I usually let bad experiences pass, however I feel I need to write a review to let others know just how poor of an airline Lynx is in terms of logistics and customer service. I had a 735 am flight scheduled today which had been cancelled and moved to 8pm. They did not alert me until around 3am in the morning. By email and a voice mail. Naturally I woke up and headed straight to the airport to find out my flight had been cancelled and I had to head back into the city. A few hours notice that your flight has been cancelled and a 3am phone call is not acceptable in the slightest. I then got to airport and had a small gym bag filled with a few changes of clothes and a small work laptop. I was charged $90 dollars to bring this small bag onto the flight an absolutely outrageous price. When I brought up my displeasure at the price and the prior service, I was told to call the airline to complain, this was coming from someone who works in customer service for the airline, and I was argued with. A member of her team even agreed that my bag was just a small bag and should not be charged but she was ignored. Poor logistics, poor service, bad prices, poorly trained staff. Stay away from Lynx
  We are both Star Alliance Gold status holders. We booked a full price Economy class Lufthansa tkt from MRS to Mykonos via MUC  ATH, at a price where seat selection is guaranteed. MRSMUCATH with LH, ATHJMK flight was an Aegean flight. After purchasing, seats reservation on ATHJMK flight was not allowed. We wrote and call Aegean, no answer. 48 hours before that specific flight Aegean automatically booked 2 separate seats in the last row. We were allowed to change those seat, paying 6 Euros. This is so petty, that it is ridiculous.
Beijing to Pyongyang with Air Koryo  kind staff. A passenger had some health issues and at Beijing airport a medical team waited and was informed about the problem. There was Korean cartoons and short movies. Food and drinks served was OK. Flight was were on time. Aircraft was clean.
 Absolutely farcical service. Missed my connection at Toronto as the flight was delayed. Rebooked me via Montreal so needed an additional flight, every one of the 4 flights I tried to make were delayed. Having eventually made it to San Jose about 30 hours later than intended, they have also lost my bags. The worst possible airline and the worst possible service you could ever expect. Do not fly with them.
  We bought a ticket from One Travel that includes a free 23 kg per ticket luggage for an international flight, it also says it on ITA. When we checked in they said that this is not the case even though it says so on both websites, luckily the man from delta realized the mistake and waved it, but for our return flight, they are refusing to wave the fees on the luggage and making us pay for something that we were told was free. 
Not as lucky as the last writer here. Travelled on an ancient Ilyushin aircraft and whilst happy to reach my destination this is not an airline I would use again no choice this time on my schedule to Pyongyang. This plane was not maintained well from the surface appearance in the cabin and many seat mechanisms also were broken. Cabin staff had a fixed smile on boarding and whilst they gave out a meal tray they could not speak or understand English and appeared to rather poorly trained. Food was as expected I guess but the quality was well below all Asian airlines I have ever flown and think it was the cheapest meal ever sampled on a plane.
  Hanoi to Bangkok. Check in was reasonably fast and hasslefree, but the plane both left and arrived half an hour late. Seats felt cramped and the aircraft overcrowded. Crew looked tired. But it got us there.
  Shenzhen to Paris, having flown into Hong Kong a week earlier with Cathay Pacific. Had not heard of Hainan Airlines but their service is totally 5 stars, and so much better than grumpy and cold service on Cathay Pacific. On this Hainan flight, everything was just superb and really nice flat bed seats to sleep on. Food was just excellent with a chef in the cabin, and far more food served than other airlines business class. Nice sleepsuit, amenities, constantly offered hot and cold flannels, and staff were the most attentive I have experienced. Service was with a smile, staff spoke okay English, and in Asia I would put these guys above Singapore Airlines for good service. Try it and see what I mean!
DubaiKabulDubai. Not so good as my last trip. The 737 aircraft is not on this route so they are using an ancient 727 or MD82. We were about 1 hour late each way. Ticket prices have increased a lot in the last year so it would not be unreasonable to expect better. The food departing Kabul should still be avoided.
URA to LHR return via DME. Checkin online fine. Personnel on baggage drop off both at URA and LHR staffed by BMI helpful and efficient. Planes are a bit on an older side but were okay and legroom in economy premium is good although seats were just what you expect from any regular Yclass seat  not premium at all. DMELHR on 738 with airshow displaying the aircraft still in yellow TUI livery! b767300ER on return from LHR  okay leg room and they were showing a film but NO headphones on offer! Food not bad but not too good either but FAs are very efficient and friendly. Overall an average carrier which however takes you from A to B safely and on time. I would recommend this carrier for good fares and will use them again.
  Phuket to Melbourne via Kualar Lumpur. Barely existent customer service and their seats are so cramped making a long haul flight a nightmare. The lights are on for a good chunk of the flight making it difficult to get any shuteye. They have a nonsensical policy that phones must be turned off for takeoff and landing  not switched to flight mode, but turned off  and they enforce it. Prior to booking, there was an issue with the booking and trying to speak to their customer service left me fuming. Their Australian contact number was engaged on the 10 times I tried to call it. To chat with them online you have to get past their online bot which is a real pain when it doesnt understand your problem. The person I spoke to was absolutely rude and unhelpful. The chat closes after 60 seconds of inactivity which is infuriating when you have to go off and find information. 
 San Francisco to Indianapolis. I was on my last leg of journey home from New Zealand. I flew out with American, an then Fiji, Air New Zealand, Jetstar in New Zealand and they were all great. The staff on Virgin America need to fly with these airlines and learn how to smile, be friendly, and not look grouchy. A smile goes a long way.
  Xiamen to Auckland and transfers at Guangzhou. The transfer time in Guangzhou was up to 10 hours. I arrived in Guangzhou at 2 p.m. According to the ticket information, there are still 7 hours before the checkin time. There were only a few passengers waiting at the international checkin area . Just as I was waiting for the counter to open in the seat area, ground staff asked me if I needed to check in and led me to the counter for priority. The ground staff helped me fill in the health declaration and told me to pay attention to the boarding time. The service is still as excellent as before. Thank the staff of China Southern Airlines
  Enjoyed my recent flight with ANA from YVR to HND. Flight left and arrived on time. The flight attendants were very helpful, even preparing my bed when it was time to sleep. The seats are comfortable in business class and convert to a lieflat bed. The seats on the sides are offset with one directly at the window and the next somewhat closer in and away from the window. Seating is 121. A common complaint with the 787 is that the windows do not go completely dark as there are no shades but simply window tinting. The food and beverage service was excellent. I always select that Japanese meals with this airline and am never disappointed. The entertainment system offers a good selection of movies and of course headphones are provided. It is no surprise why ANA is and remains a 5 star Airline.
  Ranchi to Bangalore. Worst service I have ever experienced. I had scheduled to travel from Ranchi to Bangalore. They have cancelled the flight just few hours before departure when I was traveling to airport. I asked them to arrange any connecting flights as it is really important for me to travel that day, they replied with a smile. When I asked for next available flight they replied after 30 hours. Without any other option I had to cancel the ticket and counter booked a ticket from indigo. GoAir didnt even regret for the caused inconvenience. They just told we nothing to do with this. I frequently travel in AirAsia and indigo but my first experience with Goair created such a bad impression that I would never book GoAir in future under any circumstances.
  I took this airline for the first time and was impressed. My bag was too large to fit in the overhead bin going from Ft. Lauderdale to Key West so they put it in the cargo hold which was no big deal. Seats are wider with more room even for a big guy like me. Very professional and very friendly as long as youre polite which you should be to all people. Took off on time and water was handed out as it was a short flight. Very smooth and not overly noisy airplane at all. When we landed my bag was ready for me that was in the cargo hold as soon as I left the plane. The new planes they have really makes a difference and its good for any budget. You have a choice of which fare you want so choose wisely. I chose the escape fare as it was the lowest and most value for the money. You had to pay for the seat but for me with carry on and a personal item I was fine. If you have to check your bag expect to pay. Always read about baggage fees and cancellation fees so there are no surprises. On the way back my bag fit in the overhead bin because I came home with less. Just dont expect too much. Its just a commuter plane.
  Went to Israel via Lisbon on TAP Portugal. Check in ok. Lounge at OHare terminal 5 SAS lounge which is inadequate. Boarding on time, delayed departure due to rain. Received the gluten free meal I ordered and fell asleep on a flat bed. Had a good night sleep skipped breakfast, my son told me it was nothing to write home about. Arrival in Lisbon via a bus gate, no need to clear security. No lounge in the Schengen zone. Staff courteous. LISTLV, again a bus to the plane, not full plane, not even close. A321LR, 11, and 22 staggered. Very comfortable seats. No gluten free meal, but they offered me the guinea fowl which was tasty. I felt ok. There was cheese and desert which I could not eat. The purser really apologized, and he genuinely felt bad about it. Cabin not present, but if you asked for something it was promptly delivered to your seat. The port served was wonderful. Overall will fly them again if the price is right. Consider a stop over in Portugal. Have a lounge in the Schengen zone. Had to use the Wifi from Lisbon to TLV, very expansive, but worked well.
  The service on my flights from Washington to Dublin, and back to Washington from Dublin, was minimal. There was one full drink service meal at the beginning of both flights, but only a small snack later. There was no second drink service at all on the flight to Dublin, and only a coffee and tea service on the flight to Washington. The lack of a second drink service was especially bad on the flight to Dublin, since there was a long line at Immigration and I couldnt get my morning caffeine fix until after I claimed my bag and was in the public area of the airport. Aer Lingus is a little bit cheaper than other airlines, but its still not that cheap  for paying more than $600 roundtrip, I expect that they can offer some coffee and tea or another soda before landing. I think Aer Lingus needs to decide if they want to be a low cost carrier where nothing is free but everything is available for a price, or a full service carrier with commensurate service. The middle ground they are occupying now is leaving their customers hungry and undercaffeinated.
  Frankfurt to Sydney via Seoul. We were very pleased with Korean Air. We flew from Sydney to Europe return via Seoul. On the way over to London Korean Air put us up at the Grand Hyatt in Seoul overnight. I recommend you ask your travel agent to ask for this option as it was fantastic. On our return trip we used the new transit lounge in Terminal 2 of Incheon airport which had showers, free internet and a sleep zone. The airline experience itself was good. We experienced little turbulence on all flights. The food was good though they could improve their dinners although the Korean bibimbap option was good  we all had it twice! Breakfasts were better than good. The cabin crew were great and helpful when we requested additional snacks, water etc, although they served enough water to keep us hydrated. The hot towels before breakfast were also appreciated. My 13 year old son said the inflight entertainment could be improved although we thought it fine. Australians do not often fly Korean Air to Europe but I would recommend you consider it as an option. 
Excellent economy class PUJZRH  food service  seats are excellent. Service and comfort better than Swiss aircraft. Business class ZRHPUJ not bad but only in first row! If you fly on Edelweiss Air A330200 no sense to pay extra money for business.
  Both planes were brand new A320neo and the flights were on time. Boarding were with buses at the 2 airports. Beware Thessaloniki airport does not have Business Lounges on operation they are refurbishing them. Do not buy ticket with airport lounge access. Crew service was great and friendly. Stewardess were very meticulous. They offered candy before departure, water, orange juice, coffee with a biscuit.
  If I could give no stars I would. Seriously people stay away from them. Pay the bit extra and go with reputable company. They left my 15 year old daughter stranded in another state and then cancelled the rescheduled flight 3 days later! We ended up having to drive from Brisbane to Adelaide to get her.
 Vancouver to Manila via Xiamen. Your policy for rebooking is crazy. You are a money grabber. I will never book to your airline anymore. I will see to it that my relatives and friends here and around the world do not book a flight with your airlines because youre so greedy. No humanity at all!
  I travelled through Etihad Airlines from Chennai to Chicago via Abu Dhabi. I reached Chicago, ORD on 03 Aug with a delay of around 3 hrs. But none of the 3 checkedin baggage arrived. We were given a contact number for Etihad baggage at ORD. No one responds to this number  it always goes to a voice mail. Most of the passenger did not receive their checkin baggage as there was a last minute flight change. They made me checkin my cabin baggage and now not responding at all through email or phone. We raised a Claim for delayed baggage  observed that the claim status is still not updated in the portal. It remains as TRACING CONTINUES. PLEASE CHECK BACK LATER. No news about the baggage status for 7 days  I finally got an email that they are sending all 3 bags to Charlotte airport as my location is Charlotte. But I got only 2 bags delivered through American Airlines. When verified with American Airlines customer care, they updated that only 2 baggage came through this flight. The other baggage was not loaded in this flight. Also both the bags that were delivered through AA flight are severely damaged and broken. No update from Etihad Baggage team or the Chicago baggage handling team on the missing bag for 13 days as on 16 Aug 2022.  The service from Etihad baggage team is totally unacceptable and causing too much of stress due undue delay in baggage delivery, multiple followups with no response, multiple visits to airport, additional efforts from our side with no certainty in timelines.
 Always check in online. Paid 80€ today as we had no internet to check in. 50€ fined to modify one letter in the name passenger. This company is a scam and total disgrace
  Alaska Airlines in my opinion is one of the worst airlines I have ever flown. I was on a 5 hour flight and they dont provide you with a meal. They barely give you a snack. I couldnt get any streaming or even texting capabilities unless I wanted to purchase it for $8.00. Or if I was a member of team mobile! On each flight, they are lacking in overhead luggage space so they ask anyone wanting to check a bag will get the ability to get on the plane in group C. So much of an advantage. They dont seem to take the time to clean the aircraft inbetween flights. They barely give you the included beverage. They have no inflight movies unless you have your own mobile device which I couldnt use for their 700 free movies because I couldnt get into it without paying for streaming, but I was able to get into their commercial. They dont have enough space overhead, but if you dont bring on your own device, you are sitting there with nothing to do for 5 hours because you cant get it on your phone. In fact being on the plane is like one big commercial. They ask you if you want to open up their credit card and all the wonderful things you will get after you accrue 30,000 miles. Then the final thing, your luggage will be there in 20 minutes or we will give you some air miles. I will not be flying Alaska Airlines and they can keep your air miles and their nickel and dimming and in my opinion elitest practices. 
  Denpasar to Yogyakarta. Overall quite satisfied but seat comfort is the main issue. I cant deny that I went for the cheapest tickets. Online booking was easy. Online checkin opens 24 hours before the flight and I was able to already select seats for free which was nice. Checkin and baggage dropoff at Denpasar Bali airport was quick. We booked 15kg of baggage, one bag was slightly overweight and I didnt bother too much beforehand. The employee weighed the two bags together and it said 29.2kg so no problem at all. I printed online boarding passes but we got new ones at baggage dropoff. Flight boarded nicely on time, about 10 oclock before the 10.25 departure time. Pushback was at about 10.30 and takeoff just shortly thereafter. According to schedule, flighttime would be only 55 minutes and landing would be at 10.20 Java time is one hour before Bali, but we landed at about 10.40. Taxi took only a minute and 10.50 we were waiting inside on our luggage. That took about 15 minutes to appear on the belt, maybe a little long. The flight itself was boring. There is no service available. Flight attendants seemed professional though. The seat was the main letdown. A little filthy and legroom insufficient. Should have been the same 29 inch pitch as on AirAsia but felt tighter. Couldnt keep my legs straight with my 1.92m and had to bend them. Because of the short flight it was doable but I would try to avoid this seat on longer flights. I would fly Lion Air again on short flights. Our flight operated nicely on time but I hear that can also be an issue.
Tokyo Narita to Osaka. Peach Aviation is a good budget airline, compared to some others used before. Easy to use self check in service at Tokyo airport. Flight left on time, cabin staff were polite and pleasant. The plane was clean, and seats were comfortable with a fair amount of leg room. One of the better, if not best budget airline I have travelled with.
 I sat in Seat 3E, which is right behind the exit row seats. This is considered a premium seat which I paid for. As all frequent flyers know, the exit row needs to be kept clear and passengers normally would put their bags in the overhead bins for takeoff as per instructions. Please place all bags in overhead bins or under the seat in front of you. Safair has a policy of allowing and recommending that the exit row places their bags under their own seat. I ended up sitting in a so called premium seat with a large bag where I would normally place my small bag and my feet. I complained but cabin crew confirmed that this is policy and I had to give up my bag to be placed in overhead bin. I never got it back till I had landed, so I could not read my book. I think everyone and all other airlines can see the problem with this policy. I would never put my bag where someone elses feet go. There is the obvious theft opportunity and possible damage if some kicked your bag. Anyway, warning to all about premium seat and weird policies. The seats are also pretty small.
Flight booked in Feb. for a vacation in July. We arrived early at airport and checked bags at 12.00 for a flight that was scheduled to board at 6.10 pm. Traveling with my 2 daughters. When we presented our boarding passing at 6.10 we were told the flight was overweight and we were selected to be removed. They did not ask if anyone on flight was willing to take a later flight. Just stated we were selected but not told how selection process works. Dont understand why they waited until we were ready to board. Had we been told 30 min earlier we could have caught another flight that day. They would not remove our luggage or anyone elses to make weight. We were put on a flight the next day and had a layover purchased flight was direct arrived at final destination a day late and very grumpy. Our luggage did make it a day earlier. Find it hard to believe that they cut it so close that the weight of 2 average people 1 of us could have gone makes the difference on flight. I would not fly with them again.
  In spite on all the negative reviews I have to be quite different. All worked well, in time and with professional attitude. Some might dispute food, seat comfort etc. But for the 3hhrs flight I think that all was as expected.
I used to fly TAAG back and forth to Paris. What a shambles  delays were the norm with no explanation from anyone. A delay at Luanda airport we could handle just as long as the bar was kept open but when they shut the bar at 10 with no warning that was it! As for the flights meals on the plane were practically thrown at the passengers and I can honestly say that the staff were often quite rude and in no way helpful to anyone. Why they were there I can only guess and I think it may have something to do with the drinks trolley. The planes until very recently were more suited to sitting in a museum. Thankfully our company have now refused to allow us to fly with this mickey mouse airline and given the choice I would never fly with them again.
  I am a vegetarian and emailed them to arrange for veg meals on flights but nothing was done. I tried to call the call center in London and no one answered the call for 25 minutes. I requested the staff issue boarding pass, at the boarding gate and also the hostess inside bit all went on deaf ears. Though the hostess on the other aircraft Cairo to Dubai accommodated my request because she was willing to help not like her other counterparts. London to Cairo was delayed for more than 1 and a half hours and I had a transit flight from Cairo to Dubai. I told this to multiple hostesses on the flight and everyone assured me that it will be taken care of and someone will assist as soon as I land in Cairo. But no one helped. I was on my own running at the airport as only I was bothered that I should not miss my flight.  This is the only airline I have seen who doesnt let families with kids go first inside the aircraft. Lastly, they missed my luggage in Cairo during transit.  I didnt receive my luggage at the belt and was delivered 2nd day despite a promise of sameday delivery. Honestly, they were not bothered. I didnt get any help from anyone at any step. Even Dnata is not bothered. I will never recommend this airline to any traveler unless it is absolutely necessary.
  I forgot my duty free as I disembarked flight AZ247 from London to Milan in over head storage over seat 14F. When to lost and found at the arrival hall and after a few enquiries by the staff, l was told that the duty free bag has been found. It contained a bottle of martini wine and another bottle of Baileys. I was advised that some we meet us at our onward flight gate to Naples to hand it over to me After waiting for nearly an hour and my flight was now boarding, the lost of found staff appeared and told us that shes not been handed the duty free item and it now could not be found. My guess is that someone has decided to take an item that doesnt belong to them, an item sealed with receipts. Please avoid ITA airways. It might be cheap, but integrity and customer service means nothing to them. 
 This company is a joke. They cancelled our flight which was in the morning at midnight and offered a flight for the day after which ruined all plans and left us sleepless thinking what to do. It was a weekend plan and the changed flight didnt work for all of us, we already paid the nonrefundable hotel and return ticket. They have staff to cancel flights and send notifications at night while they dont keep anyone to provide customer support during the night. I cant think of an airline company which doesnt provide customer service at night, as there may be urgent problems. They also dont provide support on cancellations if the flights are booked through an agency. They tell you the agency should contact them, not the passengers the agency tells us to reach out to Norwegian Airlines since we are checked in. I really dont understand the difference between the passenger or the agency reaching out to them. We have booking reference from Norwegian basically the ticket itself and all the information related to our flight. Cancelling the flight at last minute and ruining our long weekend plan were their fault but we had to file everything and call different places. Yet our problem is not resolved. Agency tells us to call Norwegian and Norwegian tells us to call the agency.
 Brisbane to Nadi with Fiji Airways. Hidden fees, expensive, cartoons for entertainment and operated by Miami Air. This was booked as a Qantas flight however this is simply a codeshare so dont expect any decent standards of service. When I arrived at the airport I had to pay extra for a surfboard, Qantas allow surfboards for free. Then got on an old plane for this 3.5 hr flight operated by Miami Air which had one screen every ten rows on which they played a video of Tom and Jerry. They served terrible meals. This was not a budget flight nor was it advertised as a budget airline it was advertised as a Qantas flight. So with the additional surfboard charges it cost $800 for a 3.5 hour flight.
  San Juan to St Kitts. LIAT is awful. My husband and I checked in for a 6am flight, they sent our bags down the chute and then said come back in 7 hours  flight delayed! We came back, board showed no more changes, got through nightmare TSA line and then delayed 7 more hours! I had our bags pulled, cancelled our reservations as our vacation was disappearing  LIAT did not acknowledge their problem for another 24 hours! They promised to refund our ticket price. Every email says the refund is coming  no refund. Value for the moneyzero.
  Tehran to Kuala Lumpur via Muscat, onward to Singapore by Malaysia Airlines booked for the end of December. As a new student in Singapore with an approved IPA letter which is the common longterm student VISA in Singapore and permission entry, I was eligible to buy oneway ticket. I sent my IPA letter to the OmanAir agent in Tehran IKA two weeks prior to my flight in order to have hasslefree connections. This type of visa was new for staff, hence they investigated from Malaysia office and surprisingly he responded they do not let you get on the plane, consequently we cannot let you boarding from Tehran unless you buy a return ticket as well. Many students have flown oneway to Singapore without any problems using their IPA letters with various airlines such as Emirates, Qatar Airways directly and even Oman Air. t I was totally stressed and I am now as the case is still under investigation. After 4 days, no response. I asked their chat system to remind them about my urgent case, but they only answered with formality prewritten answers each time that they will contact you as soon as possible. After about 6 days, I called their call centre and they said the customer support department does not have telephones and you should wait for email. Day 6 finished and I decided to post my review here and let people like me to make a wiser decision for their flights.  They advertise a lot but they are not at all cooperative. My issue could be resolved with a correct correspondence between two airlines, but they are too slow or not willing to do so as even my agency agreed that I can travel oneway and even Malaysia Airlines knew IPA letter on the phone.
 Bad service and ripoff. First please note, that when flying Corendon everything thinkable will be charged surplus. Not doing online self checkin will cost an extra 10EUR p.p. Any additional luggage, other than Cabinluggage, is charged surplus 1X20kg  60EUR. A coffee, inflight, would have cost me 3 EUR surplus. Further, the flightinformation was not understandable  but at least deafening. Conclusion Do not, youve been warned.
  A pleasant flight for a decent fare and on time. Leg space remains a problem. Cabin crew were attentive and cheerful. What I appreciate most with them is that they try to achieve boarding and leaving the aircraft swiftly, as they are always on a rushed schedule.
  Worst customer service ever. I am supposed to fly out of Paris to Tunis on 10th of July but due to the new covid variant delta and the number of daily cases in Tunisia, I decided to cancel my booking or reschedule my flight. The only way to do that is through the customer service or their own agencies, I have been trying for one week to call all the numbers available on their website in order to get in touch with them but unfortunately no one even picks up the phone or calls back, even through emails and Facebook messages. Nouvelair you are the worst airline company Ive ever seen, unprofessional people looking for profit only and you dont care about customers.
  Terrible company  do not buy a ticket. Weve bought a ticket and tried to rebook the date of the flight.  It is impossible to do so on the website  the option just doesnt work. It is impossible to call the airline  the call is being dropped, even though I called in at an appropriate time. We just decided to lose the ticket and book with another airline at another date.
  Hong Kong to Vancouver. I am a million  miler business traveler and have flown practically all major airlines. One airline I had not flown with was Cathay Pacific. I decided to try them primarily because of schedule restrictions and demands. My checking in process was slow but it went OK. The problems began when I got situated in my seat. First I discover that my entertainment system didnt work. I called the flight attendant for assistance, but she acted as if I was bothering her and treated me as a complete nuisance that was imposing on her iphone chatting. The wonderful experience continued with an announcement from the captain who sounded halfasleep and completely disinterested in talking to the passengers and it continued with halfhearted cabin service, terrible food, cheap wine and crackling sound from the semioperating entertainment system. Ill spare you the details of this great experience by advising you to fly a hot air balloon before you think about spending your hard earned money on this parody of airline.
Have flown with Eastern several times now and found everybody friendly and helpful. At last an airline that cares about you  useful when a connection is missed owing to fog delays! It may cost a little more although no hidden addons so not a lot of difference but far better than the cattle trucks.
  Seoul Incheon to Tokyo Narita. First time to fly on a LCC and very pleased. Efficient checkin. Departed a few minutes late, but arrived on time. No extra charges like LCC in United States. Despite super saver fare, checkin agent let me choose seat and suggested first row for more legroom. Cute snack box had rice, muffin and banana plus a paper cup of water, perfect for short twohour flight. Cabin attendants exceptionally friendly. They laughed when I ordered a Jin Air cap from duty free. I like their uniform  jeans, creates a relaxed atmosphere. Old plane and no inflight entertainment, made up for by low fare and excellent service. Would gladly fly again.
  I wish I could give this airline a zero star, cutting long story short the my flight was delayed for 8 hours than canceled. The airline representative told us to book your own hotel and well cover up to $120 for accommodation. I did pay for my accommodation but after several emails with no reply they denied any refund. Would never recommend this airline to anyone.
  Already late we were sitting in the plane and I saw that our luggage was taken out of the plane. I asked for explanation from the crew and they told us that they will put them in a front cargo room due to weight issues. They didnt! They lied to us all! And now the luggage is in Arusha! What is this company doing! We customer have paid that we get our luggage transported and now we have to buy stuff because they on purpose they left it behind! This is unbelievable!
Flew Sydney to Coffs Harbour return on Q400. Crew were friendly and attentive plane in good condition flight left Sydney on time. Would fly them again.
I flew Buenos Aires  Caracas making connection in Lima and the service was very good. Lan Peru is the extension of LanChile Airline and they have the same concept about service. Good Food. Departures and Arrives on time and nice cabin crew.
MADMUC on a newer CRJ1000. As opposed to our terrible experience on Iberia for the earlier legs of this trip this was a nightandday difference. Clean modern plane with legroom efficient FAs drinks and snacks served. Air Nostrum does everything so much better than its parent. If you are compelled to take Iberia flights make sure you use Air Nostrum for as many legs as you can  it really is a superior experience.
My flight on 26th of August, from Johamnnesbug to Lisbon via Luanda, was as good as my return flight a month later on 25th September. Four planes of 777 and 777300 used for my journeys. The food was tasty, the cabin crew were friendly and professional. Most important was the fact that the take off and landings where the best I have experienced in recent years. The price was good value for money. Luanda airport is poor, no shops to pass the time, but at least we dont walk kilometers to change terminals, which is a plus. The waiting time between flights is only about two hours and bearable. Another plus is the weight you are allowed to take. I will definitely fly TAAG again.
  Absolutely disgraceful experience. We were travelling Fiji Airways from Nadi to Sydney at the end of our holiday and waited two hours, we reach the front of the line people still checking in adjacent counters, and get told after a bit of back and forth that the aircraft is overbooked! So they attempt to free seats by upgrading other passengers and after a bit more magic  zero seats on the plane. Their excuse? Sorry, we thought people wouldnt show up. Seriously? The next flight wasnt for another 10 hours, naturally at this point were a little annoyed as well as probably another ten passengers who had the similar misfortune.. But, they say theyll give us a hotel and lunch to compensate. They just need twenty minutes to sort it out. Three hours later with near zero communication and with no small part of hassling from our part, we finally get a shuttle to the hotel. Im still not convinced that anything wouldve happened if we didnt keep asking them every 30 minutes. The only other passengers who came with us were the two who kept asking  I dont know if the other six got any sort of accommodation or food to compensate. When we came back for our priority check in flight  we saw another eight or so people getting the same story we got told Weve overbooked, sorry. We didnt think people would show up. I wouldnt recommend this airline to anyone. The service was poor, and you have to hassle them to get anything done. The inflight food was poor, and inflight entertainment was nonexistent. The whole experience just about soured our holiday. 
Zero contact their reservationsales desk by sending 7 emails in Spanish and English. To this day I never received any reply of any kind. Still dont have my reservation code so still unsure if my reservation exist. Have not travelled yet so can not rate on board experience.
  Siem Reap to Bangkok. They wait for unassuming customers to come to the counter and hold them hostage with check in baggage fees. Online there is no reference the fee doubling when paid at counter. You cant pay online at counter. Even in the US domestic flights charge $35 for first check in. If you dont pre check online 5 hours before the flight you will be charged $40 for 15kg. Online you pay $22 for up to 20kg. I do not recommend this Thai AirAsia. 
Qingdao to Shenzhen with Shandong airlines. Flight 90 minutes lates leaving  aircraft turned up at the gate just after scheduled departure time  after boarding spent another 40 minutes on board with doors closed. Flight didnt appear on departure board at TAO at all and no explanation given either in the airport or on board as to delay. Service onboard was OK  hot meal of fried noodles. Aircraft looked in reasonable condition 737800. FAs reasonably attentive and minimal but acceptable English spoken.
Left on time for short flight of about 50 minutes from Lagos to Accra. Offered breakfast egg, sausage and baked beans with drinks. All nice. Had to shovel it down quickly due to the short flight time. Terminal staff let us down with my freight baggage. Couldnt be more helpful.
SLM flies 3 times a week from Amsterdam to Paramaribo and vice versa with their own Boeing 747300. SLM has an excellent service on all levels and they are still trying to improve services to passengers to expand their routes to other South American countries.
 I was at the Clev boarding gates and the gentlemen said my purchased 2nd seat wasnt printed properly and kept my boarding pass but he would bring it to me once corrected. Got on a the plane nothing to hold my 2nd seat and couldnt get the attention of the flighty stewardess at the front to advise. Once the plane was completely full the guy from boarding gates came and loudly announced to the couple next to me that one of them had to move to another flight due to that seat already being purchased. After they questioned him since they were there and seating is fcfs  he loudly announced in front of entire plane its because of her size its a safety issue. The entire plane laughed and talked about me the entire flight saying I should have been made to get off. I cried the entire flight home of embarrassment since my weight is due to a medical condition. SW promised me a LUV voucher for my inconvenience which was routed to the wrong email not one on my complaint and then refused to deal with me any further. I am advising please avoid SW if you are of size! When I flew American in the past, they were much more understanding and private in their interactions about my second seat purchase. SW ruined my self esteem and created any future flying with a traumatic experience worrying the same will happen again. SW was very blatant and careless about discriminating against someone of size.
Returning to LAX on family holiday trip from San Juan PR was a nightmare Plane left late from SJU arrived at CLT Charleston, NC almost on time  but  plane sat on tarmac for 40 minutes, resulting in missed flight to LAX, last flight of the night. Rebooked for same flight  24 hours later. No vouchers, no food coupons, no apologies. Delays were admittedly due to weather in CLT and air traffic control response, but given that trip was booked all legs through AAUS Airways, would have thought airline could hold last flight for connecting passengers known to be waiting on tarmac for gate to make connections. Many upset AAUS Airways passengers were in evidence at Charlotte International Airport. Additionally, rampant, repeated misinformation and unhelpfulness from US AirwaysAmerican Airlines customer service and airport staff. Were told by airport staff at gate we could reclaim luggage at baggage claim  could not be more wrong, they would not pull bags so I, wife and 2 kids stuck in Charlotte for 24 hours. Moreover, had purchased $200 liquor in Duty Free in SJU, but, due to TSA regulations and because we left the secure area, have had to improvise and box bottles for checkthrough on rescheduled flight  another $25 fee too boot. Dont know if theyll let me check am writing from a hotel near airport during my 24 hour layover. Even better  flight crew was at baggage claim and unable to find accommodation for the night  so AAUS Airways not only jerking around customers but crew as well not surprisingly. Youd think theyd have contingency plan for these sort of events as a rested flight crew is allegedly critical to FAA safety requirements, but they were in the same pickle as we  completely and utterly out of luck! Was loyal AA booster and flier for years, even enjoyed Sapphire status at one point, but will never fly AAUS Airways again if there is any other option.
  Hyderabad to Mumbai. Absolutely horrifying experience with the staff, after a delay due to heavy rains in Mumbai. The staff had no information, no updates given to passengers. Later our boarding passes were revoked since they wanted us to fly by another airline after 7 hours of delay, and only to find out that the other airline is already full and boarding gates have been closed. There was chaos at the airport, clueless till then end about their actual journey to Mumbai.
  Check in 2 hours only 4 desks open resulting in delay off flight delayed by 2 hours. They tried to disguise it as paperwork issues and baggage handling but check in staff gave away the issue due to lack of staff provided by airline. Same excuse used as when we first arrived that they had a problem opening up the baggage hold and tghid cause 1.5 hours of delays. Very little update or info from cabin crew and cockpit communications very limited or nonexistent particularly over a duration of 8 hour flight. Right hand front toilet consistently with a queue of 3 to 8 people. I then found out that the left hand front toilet cabin staff were saying it was not in use despite a green light showing. Then when i pushed the matter they admitted that it was reserved for the Captain only. Absolutely unbelievable! The one working right front toilet was a total disgrace, absolutely filthy with no toilet tissue and contaminated water swilling on the floor. During turbulence announcements cabin crew took no action at all to ask the queue for the toilet to return to their seats despite they themselves strapped in  a major safety issue!. Not even one pot of noodles available during flight and not even any hot drinks at all. Pre ordered food choices were not available and PAX fobbed off with other alternatives of which the quality was lousy. Generally the cabin crew were inattentive and spend a lot of time just sitting down. No pro active action to do more than the very basic. Im 64 years old Brit, a former pilot and have flown extensively with many airlines both locally and internationally. This was perhaps one of the worst flights in my entire life.
 LH2371 from ZRH to MUC operated by Air Dolomiti. The flight had a delay of 80 minutes, which led to some passengers missing their connections in Munich. The crew was very helpful however, providing the passengers with uptodate information about connecting flights. The flight itself was very uneventful. The crew was very professional, and passengers were given complimentary water bottles. Because the flight was full, economy passengers with multiple pieces of hand luggage had to check their additional items.
  Bangkok to Paris via Abu Dhabi booked for June 2020. Bad service, they refuse to refund when the airline cancel their flight in June 2020. I have contacted them so many times and it always direct me to the call centre where hardly speak English.
CTUPVG on B737800. 2 hours delay. Supposed to depart at 1925 turned out to be the inbound flight did not arrive until 1945. We got on board but sat on the tarmac for another hour due to heavy traffic. Asked the crew the estimated departure time the answer was I have no idea. Seats all right for domestic flight however I was on the last row right next to the lavatory and it smelled badly. Passengers cell phones started to ring when we were still in the air just before we touch down the crew did not do anything to stop them. Not a good experience and I prefer to fly with China Eastern instead of Shanghai Air.
  Realized I needed to cancel my flight 2 days after. I called and waited and they said zero fare policy, no supervisor, call again tomorrow. So I did, they say its now 48 hours so no refund, also no supervisor, call on the day of flight and get $50 back. So I called again today. Got hung up on by someone in Monterrey. Called again and agent says no supervisor and try again tomorrow. He says there was only one note on my account and I joked it probably says crying lady wants her money back. He says not everything is about money and when I tell you, having to explain that I wouldnt keep calling if I could afford the $200 ticket price loss. Never buy from VivaAerobus. Other airlines offer flexibility or at least some humanity. The 7 or 8 employees I have talked to sound like they know the company is awful. You have choices. Do not choose VivaAerobus. First and last time I ever make this mistake. 
VIEZRHVIE. No problems with checkin baggage and no delays. Onboard service was okay  there was even a hot snack on the return evening flight. They call themselves lowcost but the service is in my opinion better than many traditional flyers.
SEAYVR This franchise flight was my first with Horizon Air and was a short flight up the archipelagolike coast between Seattle and Vancouver. It was an aged Dash 400 turboprop and there was a mineral water service.
  I just had my worst experience ever flying courtesy of American Airlines. I booked a roundtrip and I lost a day stranded in the airport to go to my destination because American Airlines delayed my flight and now Im stranded in Miami until Wednesday because American Airlines just canceled my Monday flight at the last minute and they just left me to my luck.
  Flight slightly delayed but arrived slightly ahead of time by 15 minutes. Crew well presented and very professional. Meal type and beverage selection an overkill for such a short flight. Will fly Eswatini Air again.
  Ho Chi Minh to to Chicago via Tokyo Narita. The Flight from Ho Chi Minh to Narita in economy was reasonable for the cost. The range of movies on the PTV system was limited and the food was very tasty. Customer service from the FAs was very excellent. The NaritaChicago Flight was better than Ho Chi Minh to Narita because the service was better and it was flown by a B777300ER.
  Kolkata to Dhaka. The experience I had today with Jet Airways which was undoubtedly the worst I have faced with any airways so far. I went to the airport to catch the morning flight IST 700AM we booked. To our utter surprise, we were told to pay a fine of 18,000 rupees when our luggage crossed the expected weight. On top of all these, the women in charge of the luggage submission, was extremely rude lacking the minimal courtesy and mannerism. She threatened us to cancel our tickets just because our luggage exceeded weight and also a guy rushed to check if there was any more bags in the area my wife was seated. They were screaming on us, it was so embarrassing for us. When I wanted to talk with manager that lady said he is not interested in talk with us. What kind of customer service is this? When I wanted to give my bag to an acquaintance on another flight they strictly prohibited us from doing so. We boarded the plane last minute with the loss of an entire bag. This is my last time travelling with jet airways.
  Poor booking conditions and customer service. I purchased a flexible ticket so I thought that allowed flight changes for a small additional fee. However, despite the fare rules clearly permitting flight changes and not stipulating that additional TCs apply, there is a separate table of additional fare rules with additional rules. These include more rules, such as that fares flight changes do not include a change of origindestination. After spending 45 minutes on hold to speak to a CSR, Rexs website crashed in the middle of the call. Sorry, Rex. If youre going to offer flexible fares, make them flexible. Next time I will book with another airline thats clear about its TCs.
  Paris to Los Angeles. I was skeptical about flying with this airline before I booked. I had read prior reviews and the ratings were very low. I felt that I should contribute with regards to the overall service that I received from XL Airways. My fare was excellent. I paid more for connecting within Europe then flying across the world.  Crew, attentive and very friendly. I received lunch, dinner and snack, as well as headphones. Basic water, tea and coffee provided with meals and throughout the flight. Anything else, needed to be paid for. I understood that before I booked. Its a low cost airline so basic caffinated drinks and or specialty drinks as well as blankets incur an extra charge. The blanket came in a colorful pouch with a blow up half moon pillow and eye mask, for 8 Euros. Credit cards are accepted onboard. They provided duty free purchases before landing. As for Internet, there was a fee to watch movies and listen to music for 9.95. You needed to download the airlines app before departure. If you didnt want to purchase internet to view and listen to musicmovies, the aircraft did have three tvs on the plane, in which they played 3 movies and a travel documentary on a particular destination for the long flight. I found the movies entertaining and family oriented. The seats were comfortable for me but of course just average, its economy class. So please consider this if you are tall! If you need extra legroom, economy plus for an extra fee is available before confirming your flight. The aircraft was very clean and facilities were positioned properly on the aircraft with several almost available at a time. The last checkin was an hour before departure, so get there early. No exceptions are made and is a strict policy that the airline adheres to.  I witnessed two customers that tried checking in 6 mins after the airline closed the check in counters and were still denied check in. As for carry on, strict 5kg allowance, one personal hand bag and one carry on only. If you exceeded the 5kg weight, the bag is checked to your destination but with no additional fee to do so, which is nice. Ill definitely use XL Airways again in the future. I found the airline to be great for the overall. I was very pleased with their services! I have a disability and the crew was wonderful in accommodating me and making sure I had proper assistance before boarding and when we arrived to the final destination. Thank you for a pleasant flight.
Had booked and paid 5 months in advance for Comfort Class and XL seats. Just prior to departure received email stating that due to operational reasons they had to switch planes insufficient Comfort Class seats made them to give those seats to the earliest bookers we booked 5 months in advance. Additionally seating in this Boeing 767 was terribly poor legroom non existent. Crew were rude to passengers and offered no choice of food front seats got beef middle of plane fish rear seats chicken. Crew were busy talking among themselves no attention whatsoever for the passengers.
  On a recent flight from Newark to Tel Aviv my wife had a rather unpleasant experience, and I wanted to write this to thank you for the way that you handled it. My son, who is just about 3 years old, suffers from Cerebral Palsy and is handicapped. His handicap is understandably difficult for him, as his parents, it is difficult for us as well. One of the most difficult times for us, and for him, is when we need to fly. My son is in a regimented routine within his therapeutic school  services and taking him out of the routine, into an area which he feels constricted a plane is very very challenging, but we do it often, to bring him to the US for special treatments. On Thursday 1612020 my wife and son were returning from one of these trips abroad, following an intense week of therapies, evaluations, etc. This trip was different than others in that it was the shortest trip we have done and  it was the first time my wife and son were flying alone, without my daughter and I. At some point in the flight my son got very uncomfortable and began crying, loudly. My wife began the usual routine of holding him, walking with him, etc trying to sooth and calm his nerves, but nothing was working. As this was happening, out of nowhere, our son began to throw up uncontrollably. My wife was shocked and started crying herself. At this exact moment a frustrated passenger got up and began verbally abusing her  yelling in front of the entire plane that she needs to get our child in check. My wife responded explaining our sons challenges and disabilities, at which time others around her joined in, causing the abusive passenger to take his seat and quiet down. And here is where your team stepped up. Almost immediately my wife and son were surrounded by flight attendants, helping to clean the area, diffuse the situation, and even assisted my wife in cleaning up our son. The attendants continued coming with warm towels, blankets, and other items that they may have needed. One of the flight attendants even came and sat with my wife and son for about 15 minutes, talking and being supportive to them. She even offered to play with our son so that my wife could go clean herself up. Words cannot begin to express the thanks and gratitude that I have to your staff for this. 
  A basic but fundamental complaint. After purchasing two United Airline codeshare tickets on Austrian Airlines, I learn that I now have to pay Austrian an additional $35 each for seat assignments, unless I want to see whats left 47 hrs before departure. Doesnt Star Alliance Partner mean anything? Doesnt status as a millionmile flyer on UA mean anything? This charge is insulting.
  I would thoroughly recommend Vistara. We had excellent an excellent check in experience at Amritsar and flights. At Amritsar, Dominic and his supervisor helped us redistribute our baggage in order to avoid paying baggage excess charges. Thank you. We had a very tight stop over before catching the flight to Goa. The ground staff at Delhi helped us through security to ensure we arrived at the gate on time. Thank you. The flights were comfortable and a nice experience. Thank you.
  Worst company ever, avoid at all costs. Loaded a full plane with passengers on a delayed schedule. Machine and air conditioning were not functioning. Temperatures were beyond belief. Kept everyone on the plane in those conditions for 30 minutes with no respect for wellbeing of passengers. Crew acted like they knew nothing. Captain made no announcement. Proceeded to offload everyone and then provided no info for 30 minutes. Plane had technical issues and was unable to depart. Passengers were made to wait for a new plane.
  I flew from Newcastle on 110917 to Hurghada. Thomas Cook decided not to load 127 bags so the plane which was late could get into the air quicker, no one knew until about 40 minutes before landing, the pilot announced a load of rubbish about their supposed to follow on a following flight, there isnt one.Thomas Cook will say anything to keep people quiet, and claim they are giving out information, if its factually inaccurate. So you fill out a form with all your details on Thomas Cook will do nothing with this, they claimed our luggage would be couriered first thing the next day this was a lie, they were on a late flight from Gatwick. Thomas Cook absolutely refused to give any local rep details. I spent the first day of my holiday in the hotel lobby trying to find out any information, my 1st days diving cancelled, so after several web chats, with people either unwilling of unable to absolutely anything like tell me where my stuff is and a couple of FB messenger chats I finally call it quits at 0130 still no luggage. Wednesday 3 days in I go off diving returning to my hotel at about 8pm still no luggage  nothing from Thomas Cook no email, no phone calls no response. I happen to find out totally by chance I would have to take a taxi to Hurghada airport myself with boarding cards passport and luggage tags  if I didnt have any of these no bags. In a nut shell Thomas Cook will take your money to take you on holiday  not bother loading all your holiday stuff to save a bit of time, you are an afterthought, they will not support you in the slightest give you the required information to solve a problem, nothing  you are on your own.
  Doha to Alexandria via Kuwait. I had two flights which were both delayed. No notice was given you get notified when you are at the counter. We landed in Kuwait and were not allowed to enter the airport and remained literally imprisoned in the new terminal. 7 hours where there is no food or water or any kind of drink. All vending machines require local currency and are not working. We were forced to fast for 7 hours with no options to buy anything. No one available from Jazeera Airways to talk to. Honestly worst ever. No respect, no customer service. I will never use it again and I would rather go through the inconvenience of using multiple airlines than to get on board with them again
  San Francisco to Kahului. Long lines should arrive 3 hours early, dysfunctional prepaid bag drop stood in line for over 30 min. Customer service by phone in regards to flight change was poor. Flight attendants were rude on a previous flight from SFO to LAS. Only good thing is the inflight movies for free.
  The flight was canceled without any notice. They offer no replacement solution and no refund at all. They are the only airline to link Bolivia to Peru so there was no other way to go to Cusco other than a 12 hours bus ride. I missed my connection and had to pay a thousand dollars ticket to go back home and miss a day at work. This is scandalous, never book Peruvian Airlines.
  The flight was on time, cabin was clean and the crew was friendly, flight crew announcements were clear and understandable. We ordered a kosher meal, and got water, banana and apple but crew kindly replaced it for a regular meal. I wanted to purchase some souvenirs onboard, initially cabin crew said she will come back to me, but finally said they didnt had any. Strange, if you dont have any, why do you offer it in a separate public announcement at the beginning of the flight.
  On their website they indicate free baggage allowance for international flights up to 20kg. The airline staff at the airport would not accept this and instead charged me 420 Malaysian ringgit £84 for the 15kg baggage, which was more than my actual flight ticket. I tried to dispute but they werent helpful at all. Then inbetween going to a cash point because yes they dont accept card to get the money and pay for it, they increased the fee by another 15 ringgit. They claimed the feekg increased when I left. 
  I was happy with the four Air Namibia flights of this trip FrankfurtWindhoek, WindhoekCape Town and back. Plenty of food and drinks, only one minor delay, everyone was nice and the price was great. However, at Cape Town Airport the checkin for the flight back opened way too late. There wasnt enough time to pass all the necessary security check and passport control queues. When we had to ask for airport employee help at the passport control queue, they were rude and said it wasnt their problem, but the airlines. This caused delays at both Cape Town and Windhoek and we almost missed the connection. Frequent travellers said this was a common problem on Fridays, should have been addressed by now. Also, the website doesnt have a filter for visas required to enter the destination.
 Excellent service at Bengaluru. Due to the short time in bw transfers one bag did not arrive. However Air France had already sent a list of missing baggage and they informed us whilst we were at the luggage carousel, this saving us time. They tracked where our baggage was and sent it on the next flight. It arrived safely. Very helpful staff at Bengaluru who helped us when we were tired and stressed. Thank you Air France! Re food though its a different review as the quality was poor, food passed off as Indian, really wasnt food any Indian would eat!
  If you book regular seats without seat selection option at the time of checkin as a group  family or couple, they will allot seats separating your group on purpose, so you end up paying for seats to sit together. You will find many empty seats next to each other if you decide to pay at checkin, but its not automatic alloted to everyone who booked to travel together. Seems silly. Never experienced this with any other airline.
  I travelled to Sydney via the Australian Federal governmentapproved pilot program from TrivandrumColomboSydney. Our travel was not a good experience. They were out of vegetarian food for breakfast and the other soya chunks given was stale and also, the paratha was rock solid and I had no food to eat, I am a vegetarian and I had nothing to eat on my journey. I was ready to pay for the food but they didnt have any on the service menu and also they were out of the veg meal like I mentioned earlier, despite them taking our food preferences beforehand, this is really terrible and I have never experienced something like this. Moreover, our entertainment system was dysfunctional mine and the one who was sitting next to me and some others but at least their headsets worked and mine didnt. We could not watch anything and when I tried, the movie was jumping to the end, I hardly watched for seven minutes, several rebooting was done but to no avail. To top it all, they were out of water bottles too. I dont consume alcohol, so while the others substituted that for water, I did not have any. It was a horrible experience and despite paying a lump sum, there were no basic resources that an airline promises. 
  I got charged for a small bag as a carry on luggage. On their websites says it is only 35 dollars but they charge me $65, also my luggage came completely destroyed.
  Baltimore to Paris via Reykjavik. Wow denied me access to this flight because I had booked with my nickname. I fly several times per year and have never had this issue before. Today they decided to use this as an excuse to not allow me to board. I arrived early to the airport and there was plenty of time to think of a solution but they offered no assistance. $30 refund for a $300 ticket and theyre telling me to just buy a new ticket.  I was a loyal customer for years, since they opened. I didnt mind paying for snacks on board, the outrageous $80 fee for checked luggage compare to $40 for the average low cost, or even the small seats and tiny tables. But here they could have made an easy fix, and they chose not to. They will change their policies on you if they see any opportunity to get some money from you. I wanted my overall rating to be 0 but the website doesnt allow me to go below 1. 
  Athens to Moscow. Rude customer service to me, and for my bag being 3cm too large, they made me check my bag and pay 100€. 
  Tokyo to Melbourne. On the good side, excellent seat, lies properly flat and gives great privacy for business class. Big screen tv and the supplied mattress topper is a nice touch, so comfortable. The on board wifi is awful, very slow and drops out, on the way up I couldnt get it to connect at all but I was charged twice, on the way home there have been service issues. I ordered a meal, 45 mins later I didnt have it, I had to go forward and ask again, they apologised then it came, twice. When finished I waited for the tray to be collected, as that didnt happen I pressed the call bell, no one came.  Its a pity about the service, good seat, nice clean plane just service thats not good enough for business class prices.
  Flew in from Venice to Toronto on flight AC1907 on July 18th. Although we were in Economy, the staffcrew treated us exceptionally well. Courteous, pleasant and prompt service. Circulated and saw to our needs. Pleasant disposition and truly made us feel valued. Made the 9 hour flight a very positive experience. Thank you, crew of flight AC1907.
  San Juan to St Maarten. One of my worse trips ever on 1618 but the worse was the bad promises and bad service. When I booked the flight it was supposed to be San JuanSt Maarten to St. Kitts. Later Winair changed it to San JuanSt Maarten Nevis St. Kitts. In SJ airport they charged $47 for an extra bag, and then again $65 for the same extra bag at St Marteen. One bag was received two days after the trip, and the 2nd bag, 3 days after the trip. None of the bags were delivered to my hotel I had to pay 3 round trip taxi trips to the airport. One on 17 because they would never answer the phone, just to find out when my luggage will arrive, which they did not know. Then on 18 to pick up the first bag, which was all wet, inside and out. Then on 19 to pick up the second bag. The second bag had perishables which I lost. They new there were perishables there since 16 and when I filled for the delayed bag on 16 but did not make a little effort to move that bag from St. Maarten to St. Kitts until after 3 days. Filled a complaint to Winair and they did not pickup any of the charges they only offered to pick up 2 cabs roundtrip if I had the receipt, which I had not. However they do know I did pick up the bags and what the rate is. They would not reimburse any of the double bag charges. Had to move the bags from one plain to another in St. Maartin and there was no help. This was horrible service.
This is the flight and holiday we were planning to go on but due to illness and then unfortunately death of a family member, we chose to cancel our trip. The staff at Aircalin were great and informative saying that it would take between 68 weeks to process. We understood that, no problem. It has now been 12 weeks and we have seen no refund. I have called and emailed them numerous times and they are lovely and very polite, but I seem to be getting nowhere with information as to why this is taking so long. Just be wary if you need to cancel a flight for whatever reason.
 Early morning Flight with Regional Express from Sydney to Moruya on 16 March 2018. The flight departed on time and was very comfortable. A huge thanks to the sole flight attendant on board. Not only was she cheerful and professional, her attentiveness to all passengers was by far the best customer service I have experienced in such a long time. 1010!
Reasonable experience on recent flight from Philiadelphia to Miami. OneWorld Emerald member so used the lounge which was actually quite good. Flights on time aircraft clean and crew attentive  inflight meal ok. Cannot believe that US airways does not have inflight entertainment come on its prehistoric! My other slight annoyance was that when I enquired if I could catch an earlier flight checked in very early I was told that would be $75  my flight was full but the earlier one was less full...just appears to be cheap especially as my luggage caught the earlier flight and I thought airlines tried to avoid unaccompanied luggage!.
 Our family was very impressed with our first flight with Air Transat. The Checkin and boarding process was smooth and efficient. Staff were friendly and very competent. The onboard experience was pleasant even though an older aircraft was utilized. We were pleased to have good legroom in economy seats for the nine hour flight. Flight attendants very friendly, efficient and attentive. The flight was delayed, but only about 15 minutes late arriving in Toronto. We most certainly will fly Air Transat again.
  Cebu to Chicago via Shanghai. This was the worst flight I have ever flown. The staff was not very friendly. The food was terrible, and this has been the only airline that didnt have me verify your food choices before the flight. I was told that I needed to have done that before somehow never has this happen before, this meant they didnt have anything vegetarian to eat unless ordered before. There was only one food option for the other people and again never had a flight with only one option. Staff did dig up a couple small things like a fruit cup, donut etc which was greatly appreciated for the 14 hour flight. Hugely dissatisfied with this flight experience and would never use again.
 I was not able to actually take the trip for the ticket I purchased. According Allegiants website, changes would be easy to make if necessary and only required a $25 fee. I attempted to make changes on Thanksgiving Day and could not reach them by phone, email, or the chat feature on their website. Hold times were in excess of 3 hours. Understanding this is the case during the holidays, I kept trying to reach them until I finally reached someone 4 days later by setting my alarm to wake me up at 400 a.m. so that I could call them. At this point, I was outside of the 7day window, but tried to explain to the representative that Id been trying to reach someone well before the 7day advance notice requirement for changes. The key word here is that I tried to explain. The representative I spoke to was the rudest person I think Ive ever reached in a customer service department. She kept cutting me off and reciting what sounded like a script that she was reading off of her computer screen. By the time she was finished listing all of the applicable fees, she said my $200 ticket was really only worth $23. I asked to speak to a supervisor and again attempted to explain the extenuating circumstances under which I needed to make a change, but she continued to rudely cut me off midsentence. Finally I was so angry I just hung up the phone. The airline needs to anticipate high call volume around holidays and still provide a means of communication with its customers. I was assured by the website that my email would receive a response within 24 to 48 hours, but now almost 2 weeks later I still havent heard from anyone. They should also train their phone representatives to have some common courtesy and allow customers to speak and not treat everyone as if theyre stupid. Let me also add I actually drove 45 minutes to the airport to speak to a representative in person, but there was not one single Allegiant employee at the airport that I could speak to. Overall, this airline scores minus zero in my book!
  Newark to Toronto. They closed the gate 20 minutes before departure, the plane was at the gate but they would not let me board.  Nearly three hours later they issued a boarding pass for another flight.
  I booked a flight for two people on SAA going from Cape Town to Mauritius via Johannesburg on airline website. Never have I had this happen and we travel out of country every 3 months on average. The first part of our vacation was spent in Cape Town. Using ET from LAX, we had no problems, very pleasant flight. Now were ready for our second city so its back to the airport to head out for Mauritius. The SAA counter looks at my passport and says, You cant leave the country on this ticket. Why? This is not your ticket. Your Passport says Gregory but your ticket says Greg. I tried to explain to her this is very common for Americans to shorten names. She say, Your Ticket much match your Passport Exactly . I wanted to say, with that logic my GF cant fly either because her ticket doesnt have her middle name as does her passport but I thought better. They told me I had to cancel my ticket and buy one from them. I said, how can I cancel someone elses ticket? what If Greg shows up, since you people think Im not Greg? The lady didnt appreciate that lol. They ended up charging me 800USD to go from Cape Town to Mauritius. I was stuck. The sales counter even had the nerve to ask, what about your return flight, arent you going to buy it now? I said, I worried about that in Mauritius. I believe this is a legal scam they pull to shake down customers. The sales lady say had i bought my original tickets on Their website, they would have just issued me a new ticket no charge. Forgive me if I dont believe. Once in Mauritius, I called my ticket broker and they said because i was a No show on the first leg of the flight, my return ticket was cancel and they couldnt update my name in the system. I decided to buy two new return tickets. Needless to say, I will never set foot on an SAA aircraft again. Lesson learned.
 Singapore to Surabaya TR2260 with Tigerair A320. The flight depart and arrive on time. The ground staff was polite and kind. Boarding was quick and smooth and cabin crew greeted us warmly. The price was not very expensive thus we decide to choose TIgerair. The seat was an LCC standard. Overall, It was a nice flight with Tigerair.
  Bangkok to Krabi. 2 days after booking, Thai AirAsia advised by sms that due to covid19 my flights were cancelled and advised to rebook or get a credit to be used on another flight but I will have to pay the difference if the price is higher but no refund if price was lower! There is no phone number or email and we have to deal with an online robot which starts to process the rebooking and then stops and redirects you to an online agent. However, there are no online agents and the screen sits for hoursdays with the message Welcome to Live Chat  Please wait while we connect you to an available agent, we will be with you shortly. They are obliged to refund the cancelled tickets but dont want to do that and also make it impossible to rebook in the future. I am appalled that there is no human being in place to deal with customers who have been subjected to their cancellations.
  Flair Airlines is dishonest. Reasons are generated by Flair Airlines for delays and cancellations. I received an initial reason aircraft has been delayed in Ottawa YOW due to adverse weather conditions affecting flight schedule outside airlines control. My flight was delayed 7 hours and the weather was just fine in both locations I contacted the Flair compensation department following the delay. From my experience, Flair Airlines fails to respond to emails in a timely manner, Flair Airlines denies compensation and generates alternative reasons for delays after delays have occurred. Terrible customer service.
 Zurich to Las Palmas. Edelweiss is still performing a very good service in business class. The meal in business is somewhat reduced as before covid  no more cheese. Ample choice of drinks including Champagne and some Swiss wines. FA were extremely courteous. The flights to Canary islands were never pleasant  longer flights usually in smaller planes so no widebody planes  however Edelweiss is one of the best choices to reach those destinations.
  Boarding simple and much faster than I predicted, since they board from back to front and I was sitting in 2D. Made it on board in two minutes, got settled. Captain and First Officer seemed professional, but didnt notify as to the reason we sat at the gate for 20 minutes till right before we pushed back and said it was a ATC hold. Polite crew, but they didnt do much to smile and welcome every passenger. My vantage point from 2D showed me that they are mainly there to guide people down the aisle, welcome some of them and help with overhead storage. Flight was basic and uneventful, but Tigerair crew seems more focused on completing what must be a well scripted and revenuegenerating process of selling food and drink, issuing opportunities for duty free twice in one three hour and 25 minute flight, and cleaning up after the meal. Other than that, they just sat in the front bulkhead and chatted.  Lots of storms this time of year, and you cant avoid the bumps, but you can tell they have their skills and duties sorted out and felt nothing but calmness and awareness from them the entire ride. Wonderfully executed touchdown in a slight crosswind. The only disappointing thing is their KrisFlyer points allocation. For a roughly four hour journey, I only accrued 100 points. Seems it would be at least 1300. It would have been on Cathay or Singapore.
  I was a solo traveler 2 luggage I was charged $ 74.00 for the one I carried.  We fly with no internet connection the whole trip. Second stop Guatemala we get off off the plane with no clue where to go for custom search. Finally after luggage inspection they into 3 different lines I was chosen to be search in a close room and questioned. I am a67 years old male with a 43 years USA residency never have any single issues with authorities, finally they let me go same thing happened with several other passengers.
  Baggage policy is terrible. I was offloaded because i got excess baggage which i am willing to pay by card, but they say that their system is down so they can only accept cash. Im willing to pay for my excess baggage but theyre should be the one adjusting since its their system is the one that got issue. Staff are not helpful and non apologetic at all.  I wasnt allowed to board the plane because my carry on baggage exceeded. 
Flew in economy from Santiago Chile to Punta Arenas on Jan 28 2015 and from Ushuaia to Buenos Aires on Feb 4 2015 and from Mendoza Argentina to Santiago and from Santiago to Montevideo Uruguay on Feb 8 2015. A very consistent product. Always honored my AA Platinum status with early boarding and marked our luggage for special handling. All flights on time seat pitch varied on their 320s from generous to cramped. Snack and drinks always served. Staff friendly and helpful available throughout boarding to assist and throughout the flights. Even offered headsets for the flights longer than two hours and had adequate programming. Very impressed.
  I am satisfied with their service. They were really friendly and understanding and much better than other cabin crews they were professional and welcoming. I am very happy and definitely recommend this airline to others who are interested in a friendly environment while travelling. Its also suitable for those with large families.
  Makassar to Singapore.  Crowded flight, Long checkin queue and time. The takeoff is smooth Great service, a good meal. The flight attendant is great. 
  Very disappointing flight in these times, and could not believe the attitude, at no time did I cause a problem, but pointed out to two different cabin stewards on 3 occasions that the row in front had removed their masks as soon as they sat for boarding the staff confirmed to me when I checked that on Eurowings they advertise as needing masks to be worn. I again pointed out on disembarking to both the chief steward and the captain that this had happened on a flight supervised by them, to which the only response I hear was it was not there fault!  This does not forgive no attempt to reason with the passengers or to remind them again, the stated policy of the airline should at least allow cabin crew to not continually walk by and ignore it on each occasion. I will not be flying with a carrier where the airline does not have the backing of there flag to mandate the wearing of masks, and I believe this is something that passengers are not aware of. 
LTN to LJU outbound with CRJ200 return with CRJ900. Both legs on time. Just a tiny sandwich and only one round of drinks but ok for a 2 hr flight. Slow and unfriendly staff. Very little room in CRJ200 even though it was not full. Passengers had to pick up their luggage from hold upon arrival to LJU and carry the bags to the terminal building.
 Fort Lauderdale to Montreal on Air Canada. Check in was smooth and handled by a friendly and courteous agent at the Priority counter. Unfortunately things went downhill from there on. Boarding was absolute mayhem with gate agents giving conflicting instructions. To make matters worse, instead of using the zonebased queues at the designated gate, they decided to use the lanes of the neighbouring gate causing a mass migration, not to mention confusion, for some 200 passengers. The gate agents were not only unorganized they were actually surly with the passengers. In the end it became a freeforall boarding experience. When I got on board, I mentioned the chaos at the gate to one of the agents who was not even remotely interested in hearing about it and pretty much brushed it off. We were almost 40 minutes late leaving FLL which stretched the flight duration from 3 hours to 4 gate to gate. During this time the FAs came around with water and beverage service only once and acted as if they were doing the passengers a favour. In all my travels around the globe I have never encountered a flight crew so aloof and uninterested in doing their jobs. The hard product was decent and the IFE had a good selection of movies, music and games. The washrooms looked like they had not been tended to in weeks and they surely were not going to receive any attention from the crew operating the flight. After landing, it took almost 40 minutes for the bags to be delivered. I have travelled over 1.3 million miles with Air Canada and this one has to be the poorest experience I have had.
I have flown AZAL two times from Moscow  Baku  Moscow. The plane was clean and the crew friendly and helpful. Food was good  not very much different from other airline food. No delays everything went smooth.
Weve made a return flight Paris  Marsa Alam on an A320. I have to say that crew were all very kind playing with children smiling. Its quite rare to see warm food in a charter flight even though the food was forgettable. Seats seem to be refurbished. Mine during the first flight was broken and I was always on recline position even during takeoff. Return flight an A320 with no sign on the tail the space for legs was a shame.
  This was our first flight with Nok Air. On check in the young lady already was aware that we needed the wheel chair she also moved us from row 6 to row 4 closer to the boarding door. Cabin staff were on the ball both ways. On arrival to Bangkok a wheel chair was ready to assist, he took us from the aircraft to AirAsia check in for our next flight. 
Flew from Toliara to Tana. What to say about Air Madagascar  the airline usually runs on Malagasy time and this was no exception. Flight was due to leave at 18.25. By 19.00 no plane had turned up and there was absolutely nobody in the terminal with any kind of information. There are screens in the terminal but as there is only 1 flight per day they are of little use. Fortunately TLE has a fairly modern terminal for Madagascar and a number of places to buy drinks. 8pm came and went then 9pm still no plane and its getting dark. Eventually at about half past 9 three guys arrived in a jeep proceeded to drive down the runway setting up a series of cones with lights on top. The first we knew anything was happening was when a plane appeared on the runway taxied up to the terminal and unloaded some passengers. We were then allowed out onto the tarmac and up the steps to the plane. Plane was a fairly modern 737 seats were reasonably comfortable staff were very friendly and as the plane was only half full the flight was one of the most pleasant I have had on AirMad. Flying with AirMad is always an experience.
I was flying from TRNMUC last August, the overall flight experience was good. I booked the flight through Lufthansa where Air Dolomiti is their carrier operating from Turin. The cabin crew were polite and helpful. The flight was on time, but the ground crew delayed it a few minutes with moving passengers from the aircraft to the terminal. I flew thrice in the same month on the same route where my overall satisfaction was good.
Montreal to Paris Orly. Corsair postponed my evening flight to the next morning. They refunded me 17$ Canadian, saying they only refund expenses incurred before the flight. I asked their customer service to direct me to their policy which I didnt see on their website nor on my boarding passbooking confirmation, and they stopped responding to me. I live in Canada, and their call centre hours, 9 am to noon France time, make it impossible for me to call them. First and last time flying with them.
  Worst experience Ive ever had flying. Lost bags on the flight from Athens to Rome. Its been about a week now and we still have no luggage. Its cost us money, time and stress and Aegean dont reply to emails or answer phones to update us. 
 We had booked 2 tickets for Perth to Kolkata  return from Kolkata to Perth. Malindo cancelled the Perth to Kolkata flight  offered another one after 2 days which we did not take as we had booked for a short stay in India  did not want to waste our days. So we went by Thai Airways instead. But while coming back we kept the ticket  came back to Perth with Malindo. They have issued us travel vouchers for the unutilized part of our ticket which do not cover the price we paid for our ticket. Also I paid more for my ticket25 KG baggage charge than my husbands 20KG baggage charge. But I have got less refund amount on my voucher than my husbands. I complained to them several times by sending detailed emails  calling multiple times but after 3 months my problem is still not solved. Every time a new person answers the phone or a new person deals with the email  they do not bother to go deep in the matter  give stupid replies which is very frustrating. They do not even have a toll free no. One of the customer representative emailed me that the refund amount should be $355.99 which pertained to my husbands ticket. But the actual travel voucher amounts are $340.89  for my voucher it is $$338.39 which does not make any sense. We will never fly by this airline again.
EZEJFK. The flight was supposed to leave at 11pm. A maintenance issue on the plane but the airline did not announce a delay  cancellation until the boarding time. First the departure time was delayed to midnight and then to 2am. Finally at 145am they announced that flight was cancelled. Passport control was closed. Also there were no baggage claim staff. Aerolineas Argentinas decided to reschedule the flight to 610am 7 hour delay vs. original time. After changing the gate and the plane the boarding started at 6.45am and flight left at 730am. This airline is terrible. They dont care at all about service.
  Easily the worst airline of the Lufthansa group, not even water is served. Luggage policy leads to delays as they asked a lot of people to check in the luggage leading to a delay and then the luggage racks were free. At other Lufthansa group airlines you can pay with miles for the buy on board. Also delay, personal experience, are more frequent. On the flight I was reviewing my seat pocket was broken.
  Overall, Jin Air is a solid low cost carrier. I flew a roughly 5 hour route between Incheon and Vientiane, and the experience was generally positive. My only complaint is regarding seat comfort. The seats seem to be narrower than those on other airlines I have flown, and the pitch is nothing to brag about. One tip is that on the B737, do not take an aisle seat. There is some sort of metal box bolted underneath the seat in front of you, taking up a significant fraction of the space where your feet might go if you stretch your legs out so that your feet go underneath the seat in front of you. This seems to be the case for all the aisle seats, and believe me, my feet were in a very uncomfortable position. Otherwise, I have only good things to say. The flight crew were friendly and helpful although I didnt need anything unusual that would require great service anyway. Operations were smooth, and the staff at the gate did a good job. I was running late because of a delay in my connecting flight, and they checked me in right away with no worries. The food they served was solid. It was less than one would receive on a 5 hour flight from a flagship Asian carrier, but better than what you would hope for in North America and acceptable given the low cost. On the ICNVTE leg, it was dinner time and they served a simple starchy rice with mixed vegetablesvery tasty. On the way back it was breakfast hours and they served a basic combo of yogurt, fruit, and a roll. The meals come in a charming cardboard box designed with the Jin Air logo and colors. One remarkable thing about Jin Air is its conceptwhile an airlines brand wont affect your flight experience in the same way as seat size or staff friendliness, it plays a fundamental role in the mental experience you have while travelling. Many kudos to the flight attendant uniforms, with their minimalist style jeans, a green top, and a hairpin in the shape of the Jin Air logo a butterfly designed so that there is an image of a plane formed in the blank space between the wings.
  I cannot believe some of the reviews on here. We have flown with Jet2 on a flight only basis also the last time on a package to Menorca, cant fault them. Service excellent, plane good and the amount of staff to see you through check in etc was brilliant and very helpful. Recently returned from Turkey with TUI hotel very good, however TUI changed our flight to a Smartlynx flight that was rubbish, it was so cramped, I am 5 foot and was so glad had an aisle seat, the 2 TUI staff on board were not the best for customer service, would I go with TUI again, no would I fly with Jet2 again, yes. In fact flying with them again in November.
 Such a disastrous airline with the poorest communication management system. I was supposed to fly from Doha to Tiblisi via Istanbul this morning but they did not allow me to check in as I didnt carry a PCR test which was earlier informed as not required as I am fully vaccinated. There was no communication from the airlines about the latest requirement set by them and they surprised me at the counter and behaved so rudely towards me. Their website wasnt updated and moreover their customer service rep confirmed that PCR is not required if your final destination is Georgia as Im vaccinated. They made a huge chaos in my life and were not even ready to accept their fault. When I raised it as a concern they blamed me for not calling them or checking with them about the requirements whereas their website has outdated information and their so called customer service representative also provided false information. Who will compensate me for the time and money I spent during the whole chaos? Such a useless airlines and customer support.
  We just had a return flight scheduled via Air France on August 1st. We arrived 2.5 hours early to Charles de Gaulle but the bag dropoff took 1 hour then we were stopped for having carryon bags too large at security and had to return to check the carryons, after this, we had 50 minutes until departure but security machine broke and caused abnormal security delays of an hour. We missed the flight. It then took 2 hours of waiting at Air France ticketing to learn the next flight would be 6 days away with us having NO luggage. We opt for another flight on a different airline and airport but now to get our bags ... another 5 hours of waiting to get our 2 carryon bags. We are told to return in the morning to pick up our other 2 large checked bags that had been pulled from the plane. We come back to CDG, wait 1.5 hours in a 5 person line to find out that those bags cannot be accessed, and they have to send them across the ocean and deliver to our home address. Unbelievable service from Air France. No apologies from anyone or care for the extraordinary mess of lines! One bag has been found but the other is untraceable.
  I bought tickets of Pegasus Airlines in the early March 2022 because Russian airlines stopped flying abroad. In 10 days after that Pegasus announced that flight was cancelled. I chose the refund option and Pegasus sent me an email that my card is unavailable for refund. I replied providing my account details and asking about further steps. But after that Pegasus never replied. I tried to remind them several times, but they still keep silence
 Bangkok to Cairo via Muscat with Oman Air. Very good service and departed on time every time. Very good food. Staff were good. On the other hand, it was hard to find the checkin kiosk at Bangkok Airport. Price was a bit high.
Complete disappointment. Very poor web system, no possibility to do checkin online, always got error, call center agent advised that it was a system error. For both sectors surprisingly. Traveling with no luggage and infant, with departure 3 am, expected to do checkin online, save time and have smooth peaceful time, unfortunately needed to arrive earlier, go to counter and all the mess at gate after. Was no organized area next to gate, it was impossible to reach gate trough narrow rows between seats, already filled with others and their luggage, how could we expect to have priority for boarding if we could not even reach the gate. The worst part. Baby stroller arrived at Rome airport and we needed to look for it, no assistance from any Etihad staff. Stroller was damaged, full of scratches and soft part was cut. This was my first experience flying with Etihad and it was a complete shock. Out trip just for a weekend turned into so many issues  no checkin online, damaged stroller upon arrival to Rome, 1 hour waiting for stroller at Abu Dhabi airport. No possibility to travel easy and be treated really well. staff at AUH airport was not helpful at all, bounced us counterliftcounterlift, wait for your stroller there, wait here. Etihad is not family and customer oriented in general.
Flew Gatwick Zagreb on a modern new to fleet aircraft 2nd April very good flight good leg room meal was tasty with free wine coffee or soft drinks very welcome. On the return leg Zagreb to Heathrow two weeks later flew in an older plane with extremely good leg room courteous staff and once again a tasty meal with free drinks  no inflight entertainment but a travelog of Croatia was playing on the overhead screens.
  First time flight on Virgin America, from Fort Lauderdale to Los Angeles. Buckled up, waiting on tarmac and the pilot announces there is not enough fuel to reach our nonstop destination Los Angeles due to the expectation of strong headwinds he states we will probably have to stop in Las Vegas for refueling. I never heard this type of announcement before and it was kind of creepy. If amount of fuel was a concern, why couldnt that have been addressed while at Fort Lauderdale prior to takeoff. Though I am an Alaska Airlines fan and knowing that they just purchased Virgin America, not sure if I will fly Virgin America again. It ended up we were able to bypass Las Vegas with pilot announcing our fuel safety margin was OK and we went on to LAX. Still, I think that creepy announcement gave me a bit of angst during the flight that I could have done without! 
  Austrian Airlines cancelled my connecting flight from Vienna to Brussels and refused to give me a hotel voucher or a free meal. I wasnt informed of this cancelation until I was ready to board the plane to Austria. The staff was extremely rude and dismissive and the lady at the counter started yelling at me when I asked for more information on my connecting flight. I was obliged to go back to departures where I found out that there are no representatives of Austrian Airlines working at Oslo airport. The information desk gave me a German number and asked me to call and solve the problem myself. After waiting for a long time on the phone, I was told that my flight to Brussels would take place, four days later. No other solutions were offered by Austrian Airlines. It was the most disrespectful attitude Ive ever witnessed at an airport. I eventually paid for a new flight with Norwegian Airlines and I flew to my destination the next morning. I highly recommend that you choose another company for your travels as Austrian Airlines is extremely unreliable.
 I wanted to change the date on my business class travel to Oslo. I called and they told me its not possible, but they will give me full refund. They asked me to fill the bank information where I want my money. I never received nothing. Either they no longer respond to my emails. The telephone number for customer service it seems unreachable or thy just blocked me just like that. I have tried like 40 times to call them
  Adelaide to Melbourne. Staff were lazy and unhelpful. They appeared more interested in selling extras and assessing baggage weight than providing service. While nobody expects luxury from a budget airline courtesy shouldnt be dependent on ticket price.
  They changed our flight which was scheduled for 400 p.m. to an 815 a.m. flight. We had no commercial gesture from them.  Because of this schedule we couldnt buy any food at the airport because everything opened at 8am. On a 635 flight no free drink or food offered. They forced us to pay for a place to be next to the children 30€ when in my opinion it should be automatic.
  Hong Kong to Seoul Incheon. The staff was so nice and friendly I had to write this review. They brought me every little extra stuff like more orange juice and bread and butter and stayed super friendly. They literally wanted to help me which was a nice feeling. Everything else was good too, food as well.
  Overall a good experience in economy. Online Checkin was easy, the mobile app looks a bit dated but worked as well, boarding passes provided for wallet. Friendly and attentive staff. The special meal I ordered was provided on all flight. Food arlight. Better than many European carriers. Crew walked around plenty of times with water and juice. Decent cabin on B777 with personal IFE, on the A330 older but still functional, good selection of international and recent movies. Seat pitch ok, even for tall people. All flights on time, connection in Taipei without problems and helpful staff available. Not the best flight to blow you away, but everything worked out fine.
Flew Virgin America from Los Angeles to Sydney. I have to say I was extremely disappointed with the food on both flights especially breakfast and yes I know we only flew economy class but the breakfast focaccia was so tough, we would have been better off eating the box it came in. The noise the cabin crew made on our flight home made it hard to sleep, they werent helping customers they were just sitting talking amongst themselves about what theyd been up to in the last few days. Our seats were at the back of the plane, picked on purpose and never before have I had to ask the staff to please quieten down so we could sleep. All in all a disappointing experience.
  Friendly crew, ontime departure, staff are very willing to assist, crews provide light meal and beverage throughout the flight. I request flight attendants to take photos of an empty cabin after flight they are very happy to show me.
Bristol to Alicante return with Thomson Airways. We were the first in the queue at Bristol yet when the check in opened there were people getting checked in before us, the person who was checking in our queue took ages to open and no one would let us go to the other check ins. When we finally got seen to we couldnt get seats together, we were told it was because people had checked in online. I tried to check in online before we left but was unable to. When we got to Alicante we had to queue to get off the plane and go through passport control, we were in a room with hundreds of people which was boiling hot with no air conditioning on, it was utter chaos. On our return flight we queued again in chaos and the Thomson reps were moving people from the queue next us and getting them checked in meanwhile ours didnt move, so once again loads of people who were behind us in the queue were getting checked in before us. By the time we finally got checked in I couldnt even sit with my husband  he was 2 rows back from me, and my parents were right at the back, my mum is a nervous flyer and she had to sit on her own, she was terrified. The cabin crew were rude and obnoxious, she talked to me like I was a child. The service was disgusting and I will never use Thomson again, I have traveled for years and have never had to sit away from my husband or have never witnessed chaos like it before.
  Durban to Lanseria. My wife was at checkin 40 mins before flight and only found out then that Kulula changed the checkin times from 30 mins to 45 mins before departure. No Kulula employee was willing to help even thought she had a small bag which could be taken in as hand luggage. This happened on the 13th Nov 2017 and I emailed Kulula on that day and to date I have not received any response. Pathetic customer service from Kulula.
  This has to be the worst airline. In Puerto Vallarta we had the very first InterJet flight out. Was it on time? Nope! Over 1 hour late and all they had to do was bring it to the ramp for boarding. The person checking people in was not even there until 10 minutes before boarding. We arrive at Mexico City at 1020. Our next flight is at 830pm. But there is a flight at 1220pm to Leon and were told by the counter there is 40 available seats and to come back at 12pm and they will put us on the earlier flight. We go back at 12pm and there is a mob of people about ready to riot. They were supposed to leave to Cancun on InterJet at 10am and 2 hours later nobody said a word to them and it turns out the pilot couldnt be bothered to come to work so they were screwed and turned away with no resolve. With all of that they asked if we could just go to the gate of the earlier flight and they would take care of us. Now that flight is late and the darn thing is sitting in the gate already. Turns out it was the very plane we flew in on. The lady did not arrive to check people into the plane until 1 minute before boarding. All the while the sign says it is on time and eventually left 45 minutes late for a plane that was already there and waiting with no people on it. My wife talked to the employee and she said NO. Them said if she did that then the numbers would be messed up and what about the late flight we would have been on? Really? So she walked away from us and pulled back the ramp. She left her screen up showing seating. There were at least 17 available seats that I could tell on her screen. After us there was one person with a boarding pass for the flights and she said she didnt have him in the system and told him to leave. Funny thing about that. We started in Puerto working in the earlier flight and the lady at the counter printed boarding passes for us because she didnt show us in the system even though we had the electronic passes literally on the InterJet app. This airline has the absolute worst customer service ever. 
 The worst services are offered by this airline. They would delay your flights so do not look for connection flights through this airline as you would miss it. The staff are the rudest of all, this includes, the air hostess and the staff on the airport. I missed my next connection flight to Winnipeg due to the flight being delayed 3 hours. Make sure to at least get your food coupon what you are entitled to as they wont tell you about it at the Care Point.
  Worse than Spirit. Delayed flight for two hours after everyone was boarded. Same thing on the way home. They then proceeded to make us sit on the runway after landing for over an hour. Terrible communication, and added several hours onto traveling on both ends. Wont fly with them again.
  Seated in window seat 23K, Flight number TR606, January 8th 930am flight from Singapore to Bangkok. The plane was spotless, and passengers were well spread out. Maybe 15 full. I was on an SQ ticket so I got the meal a chicken lemak, with a bottle of water, and some chocolate brownies for a sweet. It was delicious Ive had a few nasi lemak on Air Asia, and this was much better. The chicken came in a rich and unctuous sauce, with the right level of spice, the ikan belis was delicious, there was a generous portion of rice. After a near 5 hour transit at Changi I needed that. I mentioned the cabin was immaculate. I gave Scoot a tough review back in early 2019, but that was pre Covid and it was a long haul from Singapore to Berlin. Im still of the opinion that for long haul you need a modicum of comfort. For this flight though, less than 2 hours from Singapore to Bangkok, I cant fault Scoot. Good job. I came from Melbourne to Singapore on SQ, on an Airbus A350, so I can make a immediate comparison with the Boeing 787. I prefer the 787, the cabin feels more spacious, the wing is more elegant.
  This is not for the ride to or from. Its the terminal for Breeze check in and bag checking, waiting hours for someone to show up and check my bag in. So far I have waited 4 hours for someone to show up and check the bags of not just me, but everyone else in front of me and beyond me in freaking.
  My wife requires a wheelchair and Air Transat was informed. To their credit, an Air Transat employee was on hand departing Toronto, arriving and departing Cancun. They were all excellent in assisting us. Then we arrived back in Toronto. A young man met us at the planes doors. He had no idea what he was doing and only with my help did he negotiate the ramps. Then he wheeled us to an elevator down an empty corridor. Unfortunately I had to use the washroom at that point and he left us us there saying he had to check n any other passengers who needed assistance. I used the facilities but security wouldnt allow me to return to my wife. 20 minutes later, an elevator arrived near where I was frantically trying to get some help. Another passenger was pushing my wifes wheelchair. The Air Transat assistant never came back. That SOB left a mobility needy senior alone in a corridor for nearly 20 minutes. Subsequently, I was unable to talk to an Air Transat agent on the phone. Talking to a real person is nearly impossible. Everything else about our flight to and from Canxun was fine but what a way to finish off the first vacation weve had in 45 years.
  We flew with the same airline from Bogot to Santa Marta and received all our bags without problem, since they complied with the established measures, and today when we show up to fly from Santa Marta to Bogot they tell us that the same suitcase does not comply with the measures established by the airline and we must pay $ 80,000COP to return the suitcase to Bogot. They also told us that they were not responsible for the negligence, which they say the workers in Bogot had when they received the suitcase, and finally they did not fix us and we had to pay. Terrible service of the airline Viva Air Colombia.  Volamos con la misma aerolnea de Bogot a Santa Marta y nos recibieron todas las maletas sin problema, ya que cumplan con las medidas establecidas, y hoy cuando nos presentamos para volar de Santa Marta a Bogot nos dicen que la misma maleta la cual es de pasta y no se puede modificar su tamao no cumple con las medidas establecidas por la aerolnea y que debemos pagar $80.000COP para poder devolver la maleta a Bogot. Tambin nos dijeron que ellos no se hacan responsable de la negligencia, que segn ellos, tuvieron los trabajadores en Bogot al recibir la maleta, y finalmente no nos solucionaron y nos toc pagar. Psimo servicio de la aerolnea Viva Air Colombia
  Fantastic flight. Despite a delay departing Narita due to weather, I really enjoyed my flight on Air Calin. The crew were fantastic  very friendly and helpful. Excellent onboard service, great food, a very comfortable seat and the cabin was clean. I would fly them again.
  Purchased my ticket at vueling.com and they booked me using Iberia. Now Iberia canceled the flight and they informed me but neither airline would refund my money. I have 6 passengers on that booking and they ripped us off. Tried requesting a refund on their web but they would refer us to Iberia while Iberia would do the same. Iberia said vueling have our money so they should refund it not Iberia. So disappointed and angry.
  The seats are good since I paid extra to get it. However, my meal selection was vegetarian and I was given a chicken meal. Thank God I am always cautious and these situations make me more paranoid and not trust people and services. I was given chicken pasta instead of veg pasta. I called the rep and asked if this was veg or chicken. The guy laughed and said no its chicken, its a mistake. I am vegetarian because I have severe allergies to meat, fish and seafood products.  He went and brought back a veg pasta and there was no apology nothing. Gave me butter but no bread but others got bread. The movies are same as other Air Transat and old ones. I paid extra to get this?
Onboard the air conditioning was broken and the pilot would not turn the engine on as there was another malfunction with the luggage loading. We left over 1.5 hrs late and missed our connecting flight back to Boston. Another rude service counter agent would not help us they would not provide us hotel voucher as it was not there fault or problem. I noticed a terrible attitude problem when enquiring.
  Israir experience counts among the worst flight ever. No information beforehand everything online is in Hebrew only, el al security theatre augmented by the fact that the target of the airlines are elderly Israelis, who live in different century. No clean information about the hand bag policy  resulting in huge chaos and charging 50$ for a small Ryanair backpack of 4,5 kg! No in flight service, menu on board is only in English with no clear pricing. Despite the plane was half empty  to change the seat the crew required extra payment even after boarding completed. The flights are always delayed due even though the flight duration is incredibly overestimated. If you can, please avoid this company  below Ryanair quality and highly overpriced tickets.
 I am a frequent flyer, I travel about 40 weeks a year. Using many companies from Virgin Atlantic to BA to others, London is a major hub after all. Its been many years since Ive taken a flight with El Al. See I am originally Israeli and take pride in all things from Israel, but this one even my best selling skills cannot spinoff. El Al is charging 900 pounds for a flight from Johannesburg to Tel Aviv I do LND to JNB every two weeks which is 9 hours duration, they use a plane from the 80s that is so dated in its seats, dcor and electrical no USB ports or electric plugs and no entertainment device for an 9 hours flight thanks for helping me to focus on my work more. If Ive had any other direct flight I would simply not choose to fly El Al. In short Id say get your act together and be competitive, if more companies would fly to TLV you would simply go out of business.
  I flew with them from LA to London recently. Never in my life have I not been given free food or water on a 10 hour flight. Of course we could have purchased it but its not included in the fare? They also did not provide a pillow or blanket. The headphones had to be purchased to watch movies.  I would never fly this airline again, even if it was my literal last option. 
 Mexico City to Chicago. WARNING never fly this airline. The luggage was 3lbs overweight. So we paid extra. The luggage never made it back to Chicago. Someone from the OHare luggage carousel 6 from last nights flight basically looked me right to my face and said I would NEVER use this airline myself. I will likely never see my luggage again but not will they ever see my business. My wedding is at the end of this year and I already told everyone to pick any OTHER airline over this sorry excuse for one.
  I would not recommend ever flying this airline. The cabins are so small and they are filling every seat. The flight is packed. It seems their response to our safety during COVID is to pack the small planes where everyone but do not provide any inflight food or beverage service. I flew Delta 2 days ago, what a difference. Every other seat was open. I felt very safe from others who may have the virus and they were great at providing safe food and beverage service. I cant believe the difference in these two airlines. Especially when the price of the flights were exactly the same. I would never choose to fly American Eagle again.
London to Brunei via Dubai with Royal Brunei Airlines. Cabin half empty, row 11 has no windows adjacent to seat which requires passengers sitting in 11A and 11K to lean forward to see outside the window. Despite half empty cabin one of the three main menu options were not available. As airline is a dry carrier, only basic fruit juices, fizzy drinks and hot beverages are served. Cabin crew polite and efficient but not a premium service. Complimentary goody bag is a joke when compared to most other carriers. Crew change in Dubai and next sector to Bandar seri Begawan only had four pax in the cabin. Both service and food on offer much better on this sector. Seat and flat bed comfortable. IFE choices are limited and seat configuration 2x2x2 is not ideal for long sectors. Toilets clean. The product difference between Royal Brunei and a premium carrier such as Qatar Airways is substantial. Paying the additional premium in order to get a much superior product and service delivery may well be justified.
  Flew Openskies from Paris Orly to Newark. I have flown this airline and route maybe twice a year or so for the past ten years, and in recent years the frequency of cancellations of my flight out of Orly for supposedly mechanical failures has risen to unbelievable proportions. My flight yesterday was cancelled again. I do travel regularly, often with BA, and I have never experienced such a high rate of flight cancellations on any other route.
  After a standard boarding process, we were informed around our original departure time that the pilots seat was broken  a fact that was not caught while the plane was at the gate for a considerable amount of time prior. The airline and airport were unprepared for this situation so we were forced to deplane several minutes later. Attempting to call customer support did not work due to considerable hold times. With facetoface customer support from the gate and the customer support helpdesk I was informed the plane may not take off for about six hours after the original time as another aircraft would probably be needed, and thus I switched to a flight about four hours after the original time. However, in actuality there was another craft found and so the delay would only have been two hours. Upon learning this, I went back to the helpdesk and pointed out this information, but they said I could not be put back on the original flight and no refund was possible. The individuals I interacted with were friendly and transparent, but company policies turned what was supposed to be a short flight into a daylong nightmare. Poor quality control and policies relating to customer support have made Delta Airlines more unreliable and inflexible in comparison to similarly priced competitors I have experienced the highs and lows of air travel with.
Haneda to Kagoshima return. Efficient and clean nofrills airline. You have to buy onboard refreshments they only have drinks youll have to bring your own sandwiches but the staff were friendly so yes Ill fly them again. I recommend checking in as early as possible and asking for an exit seat theres more legroom.
AlburySydney return in 2 days. Great service on the ground and in the air. Albury is a small regional airport so no lining up to check in and all done with a polite smile. Boarding very organised and I had paid extra $4.00 for an exit row seat. One flight attendant who did a great job explaining what that meant. Took off right on time and landed in Sydney a few minutes late due bad weather. In flight we were offered tea or coffee and a snack and also water. Return trip was also great with the same seat 6 A and the service was excellent. Landed 20 mins ahead of schedule and bags delivered at about the same time it took to walk to the terminal. Overall a great airline which serves many areas of regional Australia.
  Its not about the flight I already took but the one I was supposed to take back. I booked through an agent in Morocco, was supposed to return in May but the Delta airline not me, not the travel agent changed my dates of travel which messed up everything, then they tell me because I didnt book through them specifically they wont do anything about accommodating a different day since I couldnt travel on the day the gave me. How messed up is that, this mega airline is so shameless that just because I didnt book straight through them even when it was them that changed my dates, they wont do anything which totally messes up everything for me, do they care? No! Their attitude iswhat they kept saying you didnt book through us so we cantwont do anything about it! I will never fly Delta again.
  We were served 2 meals for my 9 hour flight and the serving is, I would say is complete. Flight attendants are very hospitable and willing to help. For the negatives, crowded leg space for Economy Class for their DXBMNL flights. They are using the same crowded aircraft for many years and not one ounce of this have improved. Im stuck with the same airline over and over again because its my employer who chooses the flight and not me. Not only the leg spaces are crowded, the inflight entertainment is inconvenient. They have, but you have to download an app for it on your mobile and connect to the aircraft wifi. While thats not a bad idea, this consumes battery and seats dont have charging slots. It feels like they never considered improving their Middle East flights since most passengers are Filipino Expatriates but of course, their flights going to countries such asUS, Canada, UK, Australia are way better  better leg space and actual screens for inflight entertainment. Not to mention, all of my flights to Dubai from Manila are late 12 hours delayed.
  I expected the worst due to reviews on here, but was pleasantly surprised with Air Europa. Check in was done through my phone the night before the flight, boarding was a breeze, the flight itself was completely packed. Crew were pretty straight forward and courteous. No free drinks onboard but i managed to buy some OJ for 3 Euros. My ticket included a carry on item plus my backpack. Glad to have chosen Air Europa for this flight. Inflight entertainment was turned on for the full flight.
  A wonderful experience. Their cabin crew help you with whatever was possible. On return the gate agent helped me to reschedule my flight in a way I got an entire day in Amsterdam.
  Brussels to Milan Malpensa. With only 29 euros, including drink and snack, this flight was a real bargain. CityJet flies this route on behalf of Brussels Airlines with a rare plane in the west the Russian built Sukhoi Superjet 100. This turned out to be a rather silent, 23 seating plane, with a good legroom. The nice crew, the punctual departure and a truly beautiful view of the Swiss alps made this flight a very nice one.
  Jakarta to Lombok and Bali to Jakarta with Batik Air. Both flights are punctual and good. Both flights served with good food and friendly staff. Although the Entertainment needs to be improved with more content since the aircraft Ive flown on both flights are operated by the plane with older IFE with limited Entertainment choices. But Luckily, I Played my games in my computer instead. Batik Air needs to improved more to compete with Garuda Indonesia and other full service carrier to be called as a real full service carrier. But I still recommend the airline.
  Adelaide to Brisbane. Checked in online,only hand luggage so quick process at Adelaide airport. Flight due to depart at 16.20 but delayed by about 1 hour. Seat 19c aisle on 2 seat configuration but unlike my flight down to Adelaide with empty seat next to me this was a full flight. Snack was celery  carrot sticks with a dip. To be honest not really worth having  the extra work cabin crew do to serve Im sure a packaged sandwich would be preferable on the flight with the cold drinks served. We were kept informed of flight altitude of 23000 ft and slower time taking to eventually touch down at approx 19.25pm. During flight cabin crew kept busy due to enquiries about connecting flights. Although arrival over 1 hour late, arrived safely .
  Amazing and professional Cabin Crew, the aircraft was clean, new and seat very confortable. Cabin senior on this flight was walking at all time and checking on passenger, she did ask me fourth times if everything was okay., Thank you Etihad airways
  Absolutely the worst customer service and airline operation regarding my experience. I had a booking that was ORDKEF. Sounds good all is well, then they cancelled the flight. So I call the customer service line no problem, I called got my flight now routed ORDBOSKEF and then KEFJFKORD on the way back  few days later I go to my journey page to make sure my seats are all squared away and the system doesnt recognize my itinerary. So I call again to customer service and they claim I took the voucher and they cancelled my flights. Why would I take a voucher when you have all proof of me calling talking to an agent and rerouting my trip. Makes no sense. So now that they wont reinstate my trip, Im stuck with this voucher that now doesnt even cover the cost of my flights because they increased the prices and I purchased my flight 2 months ago  unbelievable, terrible service. And now I have to pay 550$ extra for the same trip as their agent rerouted me on before they cancelled my itinerary.
  New York to Tel Aviv. I dont recommend El Al to anyone, the service is really bad. They broke my bag and there is no one to whom to talk too.
  I flew with them twice on our trip to Greece. Once from Rhodes to Crete they cancelled my families flight 4 and rebooked it for 3 hours later. My son booked this flight and when we called to complain they said had sent an email 2 weeks before. No email was sent. My husband and I had also already booked them from Santorini to Athens and they did the same thing. They cancelled our flight never informed us. I checked this time thats the only way I knew our flight time was changed until later since this time I didnt trust them. We called them and all they said was they sent the email. Both times they lied and were very unapologetic.
  One of the worst flight I have ever seen. This service is very bad. I traveled 3rd time in this flight with SpiceJet. Every time flight is late and having bad experience. Consider this the choose another flight
  Manchester to Jeddah. All pre flight bookingticket information from Saudia Airlines stated that departure from Manchester Airport on 15122021 was from Terminal 1. Even phone calls to their customer service team confirmed Manchester Terminal 1 for departure. In actual fact, upon arrival at terminal 1, there were no checkin desks in Terminal 1. They were in Terminal 2! Upon arrival at King Abdul Aziz Airport in Jeddah, waited over two hours for luggage, because, it had been sent to the wrong zone within the airport. This is a newly built airport. No seats in baggage claim. Standing for over two hours, waiting for luggage. No refreshments provided. Not even a bottle of water. Despite protestations to airline staff, just got shrugged shoulders. Nobody cared. Nobody took accountability. This is what Saudia Airlines calls Business Class service. Have since raised several complaints for pro rata compensation claim for these issues on the airline website and, each time, the complaint is closed without acknowledgement of the issues raised or acknowledgement of the compensation claim. Absolutely appalling service. I have flown with 20 airlines worldwide, this happens to be the worst experience of all. Typical arrogance.
  Toronto to Barcelona. Purchasing the tickets was a complete nightmare. The website kept getting errors and I could not book the dates I wanted. Customer service helped me over the phone advised they apologized and because of the Mishap they would place me in a better seat free of charge with extra legroom. I am in the plane right now. If your guessing I dont have extra legroom youre right. I also never ended up getting the dates I wanted because the representative kept getting the same error as I got initially. Fast forward to the airport. Get on the plane,  no entertainment.  Pay for WiFi or use their App is the entertainment. I went online, took out my gift card, and it turns out they dont accept their own gift card. Whatever, I pay. They bring the food that is included. Its not good at all.  I wait for someone to come to ask if I want anything else. No one for about and hour and a half. So I press the service button on the elbow rest. No one came for another roughly 20 minutes. I get up and walk all to the back of plane and ask for Their meal combo. Turns out they dont have combos on international flight.  They dont have any additional food on this flight except for chips. I buy anyway, because theres another 5 hours left and I have a gift card... but they dont accept their own gift cards for food either. So its basically useless now with the remaining balance.... How am I going to spend 120 remaining on a gift card if I can only use it for plane tickets? I only have 6 months to use it or lose it. 
Flight from ZRH to YVR and back. A 10 Hour nonstop flight I had the best service. Very kind crew who served something to drink every 30 min. The meal was very delicious.
  On flight home in 42023 left stranded 1350 mi from home. In early morning Hrs, unable to access email, They canceled flight for no apparent reason other than under booked flight! Their only response was to refund my return trip and rebook me for 4 days later at an additional cost if $86 to me! No concern that I had to find hotel  transportation until then, at a cost of no less than $700 to me. They are very unreliable and not worth the risk
  I was so looking forward to traveling with Air Niugini and not having to transit via Australia to get to the Philippines from Vanuatu. Unfortunately it turned out to be the worst airline travel experience to date. First our flight was cancelled after sitting at the boarding gate for 2hrs with no info other than there is an indefinite delay. Then the flight was rescheduled for the next day, no info on our connecting flight was given until we arrived in Port Moresby from Vanuatu. The flight from Port Vila to Port Moresby was on a very old looking ATR aircraft, with no entertainment. Aircon was turned off for the 30 minute stopover in Honiara. Promises made by the Air Niugini ground staff to rebook my connecting domestic flights in the Philippines were not honoured and I was only advised of this after the scheduled domestic flights were missed, and only 5 minutes before boarding to Manila. No compensation was offered for the missed domestic flights or even an apology for providing the wrong information. Our baggage was then lost on arrival in Manila. 23 days later, there is still no sign of it and no compensation for lost bag to date. No response recieved to complaint email sent via website. Also no answer on phone numbers listed on website. Another complaint sent via agent in Vanuatu and response was simply fill out a form about your baggage and our contract of carriage was only for Port Vila to Manila, no interline agreement. So why did the staff advise otherwise? After losing baggage, buying new clothes and domestic flights approx. $500, we requested an upgrade on return flight to have some positive experience with Air Niugini to look forward to. There was no response to this and the request at check in was rejected despite half of business class being empty. The airline also rejected the carriage of my traditional lanterns because Air Niugini exceptionally does not accept the carriage of any items that contain lights that arent LED lights Ive successfully brought these lanterns in to Australia, USA, Vanuatu  never a problem. I requested they hold them until relatives could collect them the next day and was advised no storage space was available. After spending half a day driving to purchase them, I had to throw them away at the airport another $100 lost. Air Niugini, you were such an epic disappointment and your poor service ruined our vacation. I understand flights occasionally get cancelled, baggage sometimes gets lost but your responses to customer issues relating to these things were inconsistent, incorrect or inadequate. In the future, I will avoid Air Niugini unless there are really no other options available. Dontempted by their cheap prices! Like me, you could end up paying more than the cost of flying with a decent airline and have the added frustration and stress of having to deal with an airline that has no interest in resolving customer issues when at fault.
  Its hard for me to write a review because I am not sure if the airline always cancels flights, or if it is just problematic to leave from Sudan. My flight was suddenly canceled twice. One of the times it was canceled was right before departure, after I already took and paid for my covid test. It was incredibly stressful. I wrote to an assistant on whatsapp, who told me it was a computer error and that my flight will still go and that I should just go to the airport. But I felt it was not this way  I called. Thankfully someone helped me and put me on a flight with Ethiopian airlines and I flew with them via Ethiopia. So in the end i never flew with Kenya Airways. It was an incredibly stressful experience, and dealing with people over the phone was impossible. In the end, the woman I spoke to was the only helpful person  and putting me on a new flight with another airline helped a lot. From what I read, they cancel often. If it wasnt for this woman at the end, I would give them a very low rating.
  Return tickets for economy PerthAuckland $2400. Expensive because they are the only ones that fly direct on this route. Seats are very narrow and hard to get into. Even though this is almost 8 hour flight you will have to pay extra for any food, drinks and entertainment. I will avoid this airline again and use Jetstar which is cheaper and has the same add on features if you wish to pay extra.
  When the return flight was changed to another time, I had the option to change the dateflight to a new one. And I tried to do this, in the process to change it seems it doesnt work and I get no confirmation email of the change. But so I find out they make up a new email which I have to register with on airasia website or some bullshit! So the ticket was changed and when it was time to check in for this flight, I also didnt see any email to my own email and I lost my flight. Customer service is only a robot, and no phone number to customers support picks up the phone.
  Flew with Sriwijaya Air from Sorong to Makassar September 6th, 2018. Check in was a little chaotic and it only opens two hours prior to flight departure, however after checking in I was able to go the lounge. The lounge is pretty basic, however there were snacks available and there was a good WiFi connection. The flight itself was on schedule and the onboard cabin crew were very attentive. The meal provided was good and tasty as was the service. After arrival in Sorong my baggage was ready to collect within 5 minutes of me arriving in baggage area, which I consider excellent. Overall, I was very satisfied with the services that Sriwijaya Air provided on this flight.
 Vienna to Larnaca. Austrian Airlines is a scam! Quick update to my last review of Austrian Airlines guys. So after waiting for my luggage for half my holidays, Austrian told me they would deliver my luggage today. As you can imagine they failed to honor that as well. ! And when I contacted them I was told I was to take a taxi at my own expense to come retrieve the luggage in the warehouse of the local agency in the middle of nowhere in a foreign country! There you have it guys. Thats how Austrian Airlines treats business class clients. Dont say that nobody warned you.
I could fly one way on Tigerair Singapore to and from different destination at low cost. Inflight beverages at reasonable price as desired. Online booking is easy after first time. The total cost for each flight could be inflated by default charges. Untick those unwanted items like checkin bag, insurance, sms alert  will show the difference. My family and I flew more than 8 flights a year with Tigerair Singapore last 6 years. Never encountered technical delay, newer plane could be the reasons. Cabin services are getting better each flight. 
  My wife and I just had our first experience with Play Airlines. Im pretty certain it will be our last. First the cost This budget airline tagged us for nearly $2400 rt from Boston to Dublin in late June. We booked months in advance. That was less confiscatory than the other airlines, but hardly a bargain. That $2400 got us a checked bag and carry on per person. It didnt buy us even a package of peanuts during the 910 hours we spent in the air. At one point I asked the flight attendant if I could have a cup of tap water. She said she could sell me a small bottle for three euro. Play is a hub and spoke airline, so all flights go through Iceland. That turns 5.56.5 hour nonstop flight into a 1012 hour affair, with layover. On the long transatlantic flight, there is no seatback entertainment, not even any WiFi for purchasewhich is odd since Play tries to make money off of virtually every other aspect of the flight. If it could charge for a trip to the bathroom, Im pretty sure it would. The worst part of the flight, however, was the seats. Im six feet tall. I accept that Ill never get any sleep in coach. This was the first time, however, that neither my wife nor I could sit comfortably for even an hourat least on the trip from Boston to Iceland. The trip from Iceland to Dublin was more comfortable. The seat cushions were wafer thin. There was little lumbar support. It goes without saying that there was no legroom, but the pitchthe distance between my seat and the one in frontwas the smallest Ive ever experienced. My wife and I had to switch seats when the chap in front reclined even a bit. Plays pennypinching apparently extends to its airport staff as well. We showed up at Dublin airport at 835 am on July 1 to check in for our return flight home. The queue was already packed. To deal with it, Play had one poor beleaguered attendant at the counter. After about 75 mins of this they did bring in a second attendant. We spent about 90 minutes in line waiting just to check our bags. To be fair, our trip off season would cost about half what we paid for peak travel. Honestly, I wouldnt fly Play again if it gave me a free ticket. This isnt no frills. Its factory farming disguised as airline travel, with passengers penned in like chickens, valuable only for the dollar signs on our heads. Pay the extra money and get treated like a human being. We will.
  Antananarivo to Majunga. Flight was operated by EWA two hours late and information about the delay was bad aircraft was a little bit old friendly FA some refreshments served. Fare a little bit high.
 My wife and I traveled to Malaysia and were scheduled to return on the 28th of November with the scheduled departure from KLIA  8.30pm. We checked in 24 hrs earlier online and there was no change to the departure. On the day of the flight as I had my flight details entered to my Google calendar, I received a message from Google that morning that the flight was delayed. Subsequently at about 11am another message from Google confirmed that the flight departure was delayed by about 6 hours! All morning and afternoon I was trying to verify this information with the airline with little success! Finally, after several hours I got through to flight info and was informed that it was indeed delayed by about 6 hrs! We NEVER got an email, call or any other form of official communication from the airline, leave alone an apology!! Since there was no communication by the airline, we had to play it safe and get to the airport unsure if the flight was to leave at the original time! After getting to KLIA we found the flight to he even further delayed by an hour making the total delay 7 hours!! Although we are Sri Lankans ourselves, we have avoided using Sri Lankan airlines because of nightmares such as this, unfortunately, because of the economic situation in SL and the difficulty our National airline was facing, we thought  we would be patriotic and support our national airline  a huge mistake which we will never make again!! We strongly advise anyone reading this review to reconsider flying Sri Lankan, clearly they dont care about rendering a decent service to those who patronize their services!!
  My first experience of Oman Air. Having secured the flight and upgrade for a fraction of the price charged by UAEbased carriers, albeit not the quickest with an overnight at Kuala Lumpur, I was wary given some of the reviews.  No issues! The first surprise an upgrade for the short hop to Muscat. Nice touch. The A330 for the KUL leg was a little long in the tooth, as was the business class cabin bland and tatty in places. However the 121 configuration ensured space aplenty, and the seats were comfortable enough if lacking privacy. Excellent service throughout, the preordered vegetarian particularly good. The IFE and drinks selection somewhat limited compared to others but thats a minor gripe. Other than an hours delay the onward connection with Malindo Air from KUL in economy was uneventful, my Oman Air ticket including a meal. 
 Flew CPHAMSKGL with KLM 3rd May 2023 on B737800 and A330200 aircrafts, respectively. Ticket bought from Ticket.com and easily handled online on KLMs homepage. Checkin online with success, but it does not reduce checkin time in Airport, so it just wastes time. Luggage checked in the whole way and delivered perfectly in Kigali. Seat choice functions well and is free to Flying Blue elite card holders. As both flights became almost full, I had to change my seats accordingly eventually I got a 5 cm only more spacious Economy Comfort seat which almost reassembles Premium Economy, which is a class higher. On the short haul I picked a declinable exit seat and had the whole row to myself. Lounges in Copenhagen Aviator, 2 choices and in Amsterdam 4 choices are both nice and provide excellent breakfast. They open as early as 5 am, which made use possible. In the KLM Lounge 52 in Amsterdam, there is a new hype with their extremely popular Mimosa drink champagne with 25 orange juice, blended, not stirred. Full catering service onboard on both flights, even the short haul to Amsterdam. FAs were good and energetic, particularly on the short haul. On the long haul, however, some cabin crew tend to patronise the passengers. Onboard supplies are quite sparse, unless one pushes. Call buttons are only answered after long time waits. Long haul rendered 2 hot meal services, but the food is not good, apart from the starters Mediterranean Mezze. I tried both main dishes offered at lunch and they were both disappointing. They offer hot and soft drinks but also Heineken and cheap wines onboard however, the red wine is somehow good Shiraz from South Africa. I brought along my own glasses as I refrain drinking from paper mugs. Cutlery is made of wood. IFE only longhaul is good bring your own headset. Conclusion Recommended. All flights on time. Value for money. As usual, luggage was handled correct. Catering is clearly subpar compared to other legacy carriers. Big advantage to be frequent flyer, especially elite, which allow for amble seat choice and fills you up in the lounges prior to be airborne.
 I sought to change my return dates a few times prior to flying. Went on to manage booking but the webpage led to had internal server error. This was despite several attempts during the few weeks leading up to my flight. At the actual Scoot counter in the airport I was referred to a staff who unconcernedly insisted that all flight changes needed to be done via the call centre. I had to quickly call before to change, and Scoots call centre had a lot of disrupting options before I was put through. Finally I got the change. If your manage booking page is down, kindly be upfront and notify customers to call your line first. Secondly, do fix that page. I had much better airline service in Africa when some flight changes were needed, compared to what I got from Scoot.
  Tuesday 27 July I call to cancel my flight, customer service suggest that I keep my booking and change it later. I agree. Tuesday 5 August I call to rebook because it was to late to cancel obviously and a women tells me that I will get a email confirmation. Friday goes, no confirmation, Saturday customer service is closed, Sunday I call their emergency number, the man behind cant help me out. Monday I reach customer service and instead of listen to what Im explaining she inform me that its to late for a flight change, that to make a change I have to send them a email. Im furious, but on their website youll find a different information. See for your self under How can I manage my flight bookings?  Feel free to call our Customer Care Department and we will take care of the procedure for you. Over 10 email with text explanation, prof of calling them in form of screenshot with date and the exact hours they stop answering me. In one of the email Im clear about having to take my flight if they dont gonna make the change for me. The day before my original flight still no answer, I call them and the tell me to wait for their email response. Next day no answer. The day after I call them same answer, The day after I send them a new email with out any response from them. Finally I get a response but not the one I was expecting. We are sorry for all the bother and please, accept this email as a formal apology. We understand how frustrating this has been and we believe the situation resulted from a misunderstanding. Again, we are sorry for what happened and we will try to help you on future occasions.  Is obvious that one from the service group forgot to do one task, affecting my booking and putting me in this very uncomfortable and unnecessary situation. If you cant change my flight as previously agreed I will be forced to traveling back on the 13 of August.
  We were satisfied with the flight from Melbourne to Guangzhou airport. Their prices are reasonable, they have a good flight schedule two flights a week, even though outside is Covid. We can arrange tickets and check reservation on their website and phone App easily. In general, the cabin and ground handling service still in high level.
  Doha to Kuwait. I tried to travel during the heavy rains in Kuwait, had to wait 6 hours to check in and after that 6 hours at the gate. Kuwait Airways representative was hiding, no info, no service at all. I decided to cancel my ticket, went back to the check in counter and after I tried to do the same through their whatsapp as well but no answer at all. Sent email for refund, same story. They are not answering the phone either. I regret choosing this cheap airline, but will never make the same mistake again.
  I asked for a refund for unnecessary costs incurred on July 9, 2021. The original flight was scheduled for July 8, 2021 and I had obtained a COVID test on July 6th which was negative. The fight from West Palm Beach to Washington was delayed about one hour and a half due to bad weather and therefore the connection to Toronto was missed by a few minutes. The notation on the display boards indicated that it was still boarding but it had departed by the time I got to the gate. I feel that the airlines must know that there are people wanting to connect on any fight and know which flights are delayed and which flights are arriving, therefore could have waited about 15 minutes to half an hour longer. A United Airlines customer service representative confirmed me on the earliest flight possible to Toronto which was the next day at 430 p.m. Was that the first possible flight with any airline or any connection? SO I had to stay at a hotel in the Dulles area from July 8th to July 9th. When I got to the Air Canada check in the next day I was still within the 72 hour limit for the COVID test and the attendant told me that they went by the flight departure time  which I had no control over  which was 430 p.m. a time difference of only a few hours. SO I had to take a RAPID COVID TEST which cost $250 U.S. at the Dulles airport right then. Since the world has been battling this pandemic for over a year now, there has been a practice of quarantining for 14 days as the virus take 14 days to be established. Therefore why would another test on July 9th, show anything but a negative result? I now have paid close to $500 U.S. for the two tests with a last vaccination date of April 1, 2021. I do not want to pay this extra $250 simply because the person at the checkin was young and overly officious, and making a capricious and arbitrary decision. They are refusing to offer me a refund of $450 Canadian for the hotel stay on July 8th and a second Covid test on July 9th.
  Dhaka to London via Kuwait. I am writing this after huge frustration the flight was supposed to take the of Friday morning 01.20 local time Dhaka. After the intervention of passengers they decided to take them to hotel and bought back only to sit them around the terminal without any updates on flights. Surely you organise the flight before you bring them back to the airport. Again they are having to go without food without any information there isnt any proper facility for bathroom use. Passengers are so frustrated that they are resulting in argument before any information is given to them.
  Agadir to Birmingham. Not sure how this airline is allowed to legally operate?? They cancelled flights with no notice and cost us over £500 in additional costs to get to destination. They offered no reason, no compensation and ignored most of the communications between myself and them. Absolute disaster. Never again. They need to be banned from operating within the EU.
  Ipoh to Johor Bahru. Flight departure time at 3.40pm from Ipoh was delayed for few hours  even by 6.00pm they unable to provide the reason for delay and expecting time for the flight. Almost 2 hours and they just provide a bottle of water for the passenger.
  Xian to Xiamen in November 2017. Check in at Xian was hassle free. A320 without personal IFE. A drop down LED monitor is fitted on every subsequent 3 rows. The quality of the flight catering is similar to some other airlines in China, taste is average but the portion was sufficient. To conclude, the flight journey was a smooth and pleasant one. 
  Please stay away from this airline. It is impossible to communicate with them. Messages are not answered, phones are not working. We booked the flight for 2812 but when we checked their schedule, this flight is not scheduled anymore apparently being cancelled. Nobody notified us and it is impossible to confirm or not confirm cancellation.
  I have flown Icelandair numerous times in the past, its been my preferred travel route to Europe. Ive always had a good experience, until recently. I am so incredibly disappointed in the poor customer service my boyfriend and I have received recently. I booked a trip to Europe to visit friends and naturally, I booked with Icelandair. My boyfriend decided he wanted to fly out to join us a few days into my trip. Per my recommendation, we booked him with Icelandair. During the time of booking, there was no travel restrictions for American tourists traveling to the Netherlands our destination. For layovers in the KEF airport, it was required for American tourists to provide a negative COVID test OR a proof of vaccination. My boyfriend was scheduled to depart our local airport on September 5th. On September 4th the travel restrictions were altered and suddenly both a negative test and proof of vaccination was required. When my boyfriend arrived at the airport, he was denied boarding onto his plane. He is not vaccinated, but was able to provide the negative test. This was no longer sufficient. This caused numerous issues and loss of funds for both of us, throughout my entire trip. When we contacted customer service regarding the refund, we were told that he would not be issued one! I am just besides myself at the unwillingness to help us due to the circumstances. This is completely ridiculous. Not only was this of no fault of ours, we also purchased the Travel Protection Plan! We were still told that he has been listed as a No Show and our situation doesnt fit into the policy for any of the refund guidelines. I understand that times are strange, and restrictions change almost daily why we purchased the protection plan. I cant believe this company is profiting off of passengers who have already been inconvenienced tremendously, at no fault of their own. We are being forced to pay for a series of flights that were never taken, refused a refund for the because of what? The airline wasnt inconvenienced at all. The airline lost no money by him not being on the flight. This is terrible business, extremely unethical and terrible treatment of a customer. I will never fly Icelandair ever again. I will make sure no one in my family, my friends, or anyone in my industry flies with Icelandair again.
CURAMS comfort class on B767. Seat very narrow and no support. Legroom ok. Food one free meal was really bad and a small portion  no salad or desert or bread roll. Seat was not working would not recline! Nothing could be done staff did not seem to care. All other food and drink for sale during the flight  quality of food again pretty low. Staff friendly but goes thru the motions.
  Over 1000 NOK 100 Euros for checking in at airport. Online check in closes 3 hrs before, no info in my reservation about this. A small fee I could understand, this is just crazy, because they know we will pay anyway.
  Myself and my girlfriend had a flight from Milos to Athens today 27082018 arriving at 2pm to catch another 2 connection flights to Slovenia from Athens. For some reason the aircraft was small for the number of passengers booked in that flight, so they decided to leave us out together with some other passengers, giving 250 euros to compensate this mistake. The problem is we had to buy new flights for tomorrow morning which cost 700 dollars plus the accomodation and transport in Athens, plus Ive been trying to contact their customer service for over 3 hours and no one picks the phone. It was definitely the worst airline I have dealt with.
  Baggage has been lost for seven days and you cannot  get in contact with with anyone and there has been no communication. It has ruined our vacation. I understand if there was communication being made but there has been nothing. Worst customer service.
  Bangkok to Phuket. I have flow Thai AirAsia many time over the last 4 years of living in Thailand.  Check in is easy with automation. Onboard food is good value compare to others. Advertised price look cheap. Sometimes very late, this is my biggest gripe and never apologise or explain why. When you add seat cost, baggage, food may be cheaper to fly with non budget airline. 
 Ripoff company. Nowhere when you book it says to check in online or there will be a service fees. We had to pay 100.00 just because we had to go up to the agent to check in on our way back. Kiosk did not work and I couldnt actually did not know I was supposed to check in online. Agent was rude did not even explain what the fee was for. Plus we had to pay 159.00 for our bag. Ridiculous. Not flying with them again.
  What a terrible first time flight with this airline in old 2x3x2 seating in business class on both flights and flight attendants on the first running around very unorganised and bad food which was inedible. The whole meal is served on a tray. On the Mumbai to Johannesburg after take off crew passed out mattress tops and turned of lights and there was no service as their menu mentioned. Breakfast was served very quickly before landing. This Airline needs to learn about service of Singapore airlines and we would not fly with them again.
 Singapore to Kuala Lumpur. Tigerair is the airline you would want to avoid. Being the budget airline, they charge for every single thing, including excess of 12kg of baggage. I was charged for SGD$60 for excess of 3kg, which is absolutely mad. I also faced with extremely rude group staff who have no customer service skill at all. The excess baggage was done randomly, which again is not professional at all. There was a time they charged me for just changing the air ticket timing, which turned out to be more expensive than buying a whole new ticket. The planes are old. The only good thing about this airline is the punctuality.
SCAT has a very poor reputation but I had no problems with them. Check in was performed by a handling agent in Almaty and as usual with any airline there it was perfunctory but efficient. I had selected my seats previously online with no issues. The flight started to board a little late alongside an Air Astana flight departing 5 minutes later to Astana, resulting in many passengers going to the wrong gate and being turned back there. This is more an airport issue than an airline one though. The flight pushed back around 5 minutes behind schedule. The aircraft, although rather old, felt comfortable and the crew were very efficient. They managed to serve candies before take off, a boxed meal and a drink followed by tea and coffee and more candies before landing all for a 1 hour 20 minute flight. Baggage was included in the ticket price and the onboard service was friendly. The price was less than many European low cost carriers would charge for their most basic service. Their low safety ranking nearly put me off but according to their website they are working on getting accreditation so this reassured me and I am glad I flew with them.
  Bali to Surabaya via Lombok. Lion air first duplicated my familys boarding passes. The flight was overbooked. They then allowed me off the plane to query why and immediately locked the doors behind me. My understanding is that as an air safety rule planes are not allowed to leave with baggage without the passengers. Lion air was not concerned.  Half an hour later I was still waiting for someone to advise me as to what my next steps are. It was suggested that I buy more tickets. This is really poor and not really acceptable.
  Horrible, horrible airline. My flight was delayed twice, and the airline was not helpful at all. Leaving customers stuck at a city, despite offering a refund, is still very irresponsible. Ive had a very fixed schedule, and due to EWs fault, I have suffered a great deal with my work and personal life. I do not recommend flying with this airline unless you really have no other choice.
  I recently had a flight from Sydney to New Delhi with a 1 hour 15 minute layover in Kuala Lumpur. Apprehensive about the layover, I called Air Asia customer care to check what happens if I miss my flight and I was assured that if the first flight is delayed, the connecting will also be delayed and I will not miss my flight to New Delhi. But I did miss my flight thanks to an hour long delay in Sydney. I was then asked to either stay at the airport for 5 days I didnt have a Malaysian visa since it was transit only or fly to another city in India and of course I picked the latter. But then I had to book another flight for myself early in the morning at for 2am to get to my home city with exorbitant charges. They refused to compensate in any way.
 London to Hanoi via Bangkok. Non existent customer service. I called a month before my flight via Expedia where I was told all the food served was halal but on flight they said otherwise. So we had no food available. We had to push for food to share between three passengers as they werent bothered. And we mostly got fruit for the 12 hour flight. Very disappointed with the lack on initiative. Also, Ive messaged, emailed, tweeted to get their attention on other issues but no response to date. Really poor service overall. Also in flight entertainment was poor, screen kept falling. Toilets were clean though
RI836 20 June 2014. Early arrival into Changi airport food reasonable and good. Staff forgot to clear the tray a kind passenger helped me to tell the staff to clear my tray. Staff do help people to pack their luggage in the overhead compartment.
  The worst airline I have ever dealt with. Our flight was scheduled to leave Amsterdam at 11.30 and was initially delayed by 2 hours as our plane was in Milan undergoing repairs as there was a technical problem. After an hour of waiting and relocating to another departure gate, we were informed that our flight would not depart until 17.30. We returned to the gate at 15.30 and again our flight had been delayed until 18.30 and moved yet again to another gate. We never received one apology from the staff and were offered a voucher for a meal as compensation. Instead of 4 days in Malta our trip was reduced to 3 days owing to the 7 hour delay. Moreover, had we been informed earlier in the day that our flight would not leave until 18.30 we could have spent he day in Amsterdam rather than stuck in Terminal 2 in Schipol airport. I have used Air Malta before and experienced severe delays on this journey too. After these experiences, I will not use Air Malta again. No professionalism, no efficiency and no apologies.
  The flight from LA to the final destination Dumaguete via Manila was actually relatively pain free. Seats are uncomfortable after a few hours especially when you are 6 foot plus like myself. Food was borderline comparable to just about any experience youve had in your life when you wish you didnt eat something but I believe just about all airlines serve bad meals.  My first major complaint with Philippine Airlines is the cost to check bags. The two bags I checked from LA to Manila were free. Checking the same two bags plus the two my wife had resulted in a 200 dollar fee for the relatively short flight from MNL to Dumaguete. That domestic flight wasnt even half full so not sure other than the obvious greediness explanation why Philippine Airlines charges this much to check bags. My other main complaint is I had also booked a one way ticket to Bangkok from Manila. As the date for that flight was getting close to arriving, my wifes mother became seriously ill and was hospitalized. This event made it impossible to make that flight to Bangkok. So I contacted Philippines Airline to request a refund since I dont know when my wifes mother will recover and we could visit Thailand as originally planned. A one way ticket from Manila was 130 dollars but Philippines Airline adds 50 dollars in fees just to book the ticket. The amount they charge for refunding the same ticket is 150 dollars. Not to mention the hoops you have to jump through with their request hub submission process and the ridiculous 25 to 30 minutes you have to spend on hold when they make you contact them by phone to explain the same exact details provided inside the written request. Im not sure how these airlines are able to stay in business but one thing is very apparent, customer satisfaction isnt any type of priority or concern. Its a sad situation because the airlines in general and Philippines airline in particular seem to have way more interest in figuring out ways to gouge their customers every way possible than to follow practices that might make them happy.
  Narita to Kuala Lumpur on flight NH815. After arriving at my gate, I started to feel weird as we are boarding through buses. You have to climb up stairs to the plane carrying your hand luggage.  Maybe I have too high hopes for a 5 star Japanese airline. We are paying for service as a customer. 
  Brussels airlines is by far the worst airline that one can find. They lost our baggage and no one took the responsibility. There is no one in the US to address lost baggages issues and even if you contact their Belgiums office no one answers. Our trip was ruined if I go back, I would never book a flight with this airline its not worth of a penny. Whoever wants to waste money, go for this airline.
  I arrived three hours early as suggested by airline. Our flight was to leave Orlando at 235. We were told that the plane was delayed in Jacksonville, a city that can be reached by car in less than a hour. We were told it was due to weather and the need to refuel. I checked the weather forecast in Jacksonville, forecast rain drizzle. It is now 639, and they still dont when the flight will arrive. This airline is trash, it might seem that you are saving money, but you will pay it all back for the cost of the luggage. The ticket agents are stating that when they called to track the plane, they are being hung up on. Now it seems that they are trying to get people to cancel reservation. Dont fly this airline you will regret it if you do.
  Just flown Dublin to Bodrum direct. Plane was quite busy and Im delighted Ryanair are doing this flight all year round. 2 minor complaints. We were herded like cattle on the stairs leading out to the plane for quite a time. Hard going when you are old and ill. And we were 40 minutes late taking off so incurred extra expense regarding our booked taxi. Other than that, attentive crew and lots of smiling faces. Ryanair are the best.
  Marrakesh to Paris. The only airline that allows no personal bag, and makes you check small baggage and then charge you 50 USD for the abuse. No leg room, knees get crushed if over 6ft 182cm maybe not the worst 3.5 hours of my life, but top 10. I wish that they were in my home country so I could avoid purposely ever using them again, sadly they are not.
  Flight was 20 minutes delayed. At Phuket Airport they have a huge single check in line for all the flights, it doesnt matter if you do the online check in, it takes a long time. You cannot eat your own food on the plane. When we arrived to Bangkok my checked baggage was missing the lock, I asked customer service why they removed the lock and if they could give me the lock back and they said that the lock was not found but they didnt understand our English. We decided to go and leave it like that.
  First flight was canceled, made us spend a ton of money just to rebook unless we wanted to fly out 3 days later cause everything was booked. We had to get home so we ended up paying extra. No refunds, no vouchers. Guess what, that next flight was delayed 6 hours because they couldnt find a pilot. Never heard of that. We missed our connecting flight and got sent to Alaska airlines thankfully. So much better than United.  Please whatever you do avoid United at all costs, unless you want a pointless and expensive adventure.
 Worst airline I ever experienced with unpleasant arrogant flight attendants. Had a flight with my girlfriend, 12 hours from Switzerland to Costa Rica, and we could not sit next to each other. The flight was not even fully booked, and it was her birthday. You can upgrade for 150pp to premium economy to sit next to each other. Will choose any airline over this one.
  Jayapura to Tanahmerah. Flight left and arrived on time. Aircraft was clean and cool, crew friendly, and even a simple inflight meal of a box of tea and a cake was provided.
Miami to Brussels. On this Boeing 767 plane Jetairfly has a separate cabin called comfort class and I was able to book seats there for an extra fee. Only 31 seats in this cabin with 2 FAs doing a great job. Seats configuration in 2x3x2 while regular economy is 2x4x2. Legroom was very good. After take off we were offered Champagne followed by a hot meal together with  wine, coffee and digestif. Before landing breakfast was served. I would recommend this airline if you can get seats in this cabin.
  The worst flight I have ever experienced. They count your luggage at per person instead of weight. No service at all. The crew doesnt provide proper snacks if you pay for it at time of booking the flight. At the time of snacks they gives you 2 biscuits and a 10 rupees juice. When we demanded tea or coffee they make lame excuses. They charge extra for luggage without checking their weight. Worst flight ever. I am not travelling Spicejet ever again and wont recommend to anyone.
  Omsk to Krasnoyarsk. I was a little unsure as to what to expect from a second tier Russian company. However, the check in process was quick and efficient, although it was done only in Russian and I had to move a little weight from my checked in luggage to my hand luggage. The flight departed and arrived on time. The plane was quite small but legroom was still adequate. It was subject to turbulence as we were approaching the landing. The cabin crew appeared not to speak English as announcements were only in Russian. A good snack was served on the almost two hour long flight. My luggage came off the flight fairly quickly. All in all a satisfactory experience.
 Singapore to Subang. The flight was amazing. Food and beverages very generous for such a short flight. Seat is decent. Cabin crew are frendly. Landing is very smooth. Merchandises are very pretty and cheap. Definitely fly with them again.
HY brings you from A to B. Best not to expect anything else. SHJTAS HY332 with A320. On time departure and arrival. No entertainment system. Poor food quality. Crew not motivated. Airplane more or less proper. Toilets rather dirty. Seats standard. TASDXB HY333 with B767. On time departure and arrival. IFE does not offer films in English. Poor food quality. Airplane proper except toilets. Blankets smelt. Crew unmotivated. Standard seats.
Madrid to Cancun with Wamos Air. Attendants at the gate were kind and let us choose which seats we wanted in the 3x4x3 configuration of the plane. The B747 was 22 years old and you could see it right away. The seats were spacy enough but old and my neighbors head support was broken. My seat had the inflight entertainment box in the foot space. The entertainment was awful 2 movies during a 10h flight, on a 6inch old and ugly black and white screen. Why putting entertainment if it is this poor? You could not unlock the controller because it was fixed to the arm rest. The service was just OK. Did not answer call buttons. You have to pay alchol beverages and the var was only offered 2 times. Some of the staff English skills were poor and I think that English for an airline attendant is a must. The lunch was average and the extras are a little expensive. At least, the flight was ontime. I expect much more from a tour company that will later bring you to a 5star hotel.
  This was my first time flying with Vistara.  I travelled in business class and I was the only one there. I had two check in suitcases under 25 kgs, 1 small bagpack and 1 cabin bag. I had one extra cabin bag which weighed 8 kgs. They did not allow me to take it on board and insisted me to pay £160 to check it in. I asked the agent if she can reduce the price a little if I have to check the bag in and she refused. Never am I ever going to do the mistake of travelling with this airline.
  Absolutely unacceptable airline. I called them to checkin, because I made an offer to upgrade. When I called, I asked for the price to do a direct upgrade instead of waiting for the upgrade offer. I wasnt happy with the price, so declined. Somehow in this process, they changed my seat from 15L  a nice window seat in the Latam area  to 23H  a seat with no builtin monitor, a wall in front so nowhere to keep my backpack with me during the flight, and right behind the bathrooms. I called back a 45 minute wait each time only to be told after another 20 minutes of simply asking my name and verifying my reservation code that there was nothing they could do. They couldnt move me back, there werent any good seats left the flight is the next day, 123, and that maybe I should check at the airport and see if they can move me. I spent over $100 for the original seat. No way to get a refund because technically, 23H is still a Latam seat at the same price. This is a 10 hour flight from JFK to Sao Paulo. This is not the only time Ive had trouble with them. Every time I need to make a change, do a checkin, or anything after a purchase, I have to call because their website never works, or simply displays a message saying I cannot make any changes unless I call. Avoid this airline at all costs, it is the worst I have flown in 15 years of flying regularly.
  I had a very hard time getting in touch with customer service, over an hour wait. I originally spoke with an agent before booking who confirmed the availability of seats with extra leg space as I was travelling with 2 kids by myself. Of course, after paying and booking the air Transat agent said there were only 2 seats available and I had to let go. Two agents were giving me conflicting information and I asked to speak with a manager they said you will have to wait an unknown amount of time which can be a few hours! It was also disappointing that a aircraft with a long flight to Europe did not offer a bassinet. They claim the seats are bigger in this new aircraft but I did not feel that was the case. I also tried to modify our return booking I wasnt able to do so via the App or website, I kept on getting an error message and had to call customer service and wait for more than an hour. I travel a lot and this is by far the worst airline service never to be repeated.
  As my flight was when Thailand was in lockdown i tried to find information on what to do in Bangkok as we were stopping there, I tried finding information and I tried contacting Thai airways before leaving. Absolutely impossible. They never answer to emails and they never picked up the phone after dozens of attempts. Luckily if youre a bit savvy you can find the website. But for the layman, good luck, because Thai airways aint gonna help you. We took 4 flights with Thai in total. Out of those, my seat was broken on two of them. When I let the onboard crew know, it was like I was speaking gibberish. No care factor at all.  Credit where credit is due, at least some of the crew were very nice and accommodating. During our flight back, my bag was absolutely smashed. It was peeling all over the place and a wheel had been knocked off. As well as my wifes brand new bag was also scratched to within an inch of its life. Unfortunately we made the mistake of not properly inspecting them before going to security at Sydney airport. Because it didnt matter however much I tried to contact Thai airways afterwards, theyre just as impossible to contact. I even filled out their online form the day after. And when I finally got in contact with the Thai airways cargo email at Sydney airport I got to talk to someone. Regardless, just as fruitless as everything else with Thai airways so far. Claimed that I hadnt filled out the form and that I was out of luck. So essentially, because theyre having whatever issues with their shitty website, thats my fault and my bag wont get fixed. Flying is usually never fun. But this experience has been the worst Ive ever had by far. And the worst part? I wouldve come back,  if they had just replaced my $100 bag. But Thai would rather lose two customers permanently. Couldnt recommend them.
Seems like there is a theme with these reviews. Great or flights cancelled with no regard for the customers. I booked a weekend in Dublin for my wifes birthday primarily because we could fly from Cambridge with Cityjet. 3 weeks before we were due to travel I received a text telling me that the return flight had been cancelled and that the alternative offered would fly to London City. I called to enquire how I was expected to get to Cambridge thinking that they would offer a taxi or some recompense and was told that they had informed me well enough in advance that it wasnt their problem. Consequently I cancelled both flights and rebooked with Ryanair at Stansted. I was told that the flight was cancelled because it was seasonal. Noone at Cityjet realised that when they sold me the ticket? The customer service is appalling. It lacks any genuine concern and those involved sound like they are abiding by a script. On numerous occasions I have been thanked for my understanding! Well I dont understand and these CityJet should be ashamed.
  Absolutely terrible airline. Almost non functional website, rude staff, flight time was changed 20 minutes before supposed start. Avoid at any cost, just fly with Philippine Airlines.
  Pune to Delhi. I was asked to pay more for a couple of extra kgs luggage and on top of that the rep asked if i would like to buy a better seat. When i confirmed the seat she still chose to not to hear it and give me a seat in Row 26.
LondonSao Paulo. An interesting comparison with colleagues who were on the BA flight on the same route and time. Check in quick and easy at Heathrows now almost deserted Terminal 1 soon to close for rebuilding but a long walk to actually embark at Terminal 2. Economy similar to most airlines. TAM give you a little pack containing socks toothbrush etc. which most airlines seem to have stopped. Food OK though they were a little ungenerous with the drinks. It would have been nice if they had come round with water overnight. Good selection of entertainment though not as uptodate as some. Flight from Sao Paulo left late as do most flights from Sao Paulo in my experience.
  Easy online booking. Cheaper than competitors. Swift check in. Acceptable lounge service. Aircraft seems very old. Limited seat reclining. Very small screen. Limited entertainment channels. Audio system is very bad. Meals was OK but not tasty. No choices of juices. Foot rest is very primitive and far from seat. Toilet amenities are poor. Staff tries to help. 
  Plane left on time and arrived early. Service was cheerful and included an apple in lieu of biscuit. The plane was a bit tired and obviously no AV but a very pleasant experience.
  I would say Gulf air service is excellent. In a return flight I got late for the flight. I almost missed the flight and the boarding gate was already closed but Gulf air service agents were rigorously calling me and found me in the airport. They helped me to wave long ques and convinced other people saying emergency boarding. Regardless of this experience, both meal options veg and nonveg were good. The customer care support was also good. Sometimes the air hostesses appear rude but overall its fine. I totally recommend this airline. 
  Highly unorganized, highly useless flight, though flight crew is ok.  Supposed to start at 800 clock. Writing this review siting in the flight at 100 at night. They start loading the cargo after the boarding. Boarded the flight after waiting for 4 hours at airport. First and last time I am flying with this airlines. Really frustrating and disgusting.
 The really good thing about Hong Kong Airlines is that their prices are fairly reasonable and it remains that way even till a day or two before departure, which makes last minute flying with them great. Also, they do not charge a premium on oneway tickets i.e. The cost of a one way ticket is roughly half the cost of a return ticket, so it really helps when flying multiple destinations. It was a disappointment that amenity kits werent provided in Business Class and the entire IFE system throughout the aircraft was malfunctioning on the flight. This certainly isnt my first time flying with them, and theyre a justmeetingexpectations airline on the whole. Nevertheless, after taking into account their general punctuality record, I appreciate and would still recommend them for their flexibility especially for a lastminute traveler around Asia.
Jetstar Pacific cancelled our flight from Wellington to Auckland for mechanical failure yet again!. Had to pay a premium to fly at last minute with a more reliable airline. Do not book Jetstar Pacific if you need a flight for business, it is too unreliable. Cheap flights, but not good service if they cancel a flight. It is not worth the extra expense when you have to rebook elsewhere.
  Entebbe to London via Kigali. I can thoroughly recommend this airline. The service is as good as or in many cases better than any major airline, with cabin crew who are courteous, helpful and attentive with good quality food and beverages. The aircraft are new and the cabins are spotless. The seating in business class offers lay flat beds and they offer Premium Economy cabin. I travel a lot in Africa and even if there are quicker options I prefer to take this airline. Punctuality is good and in flight service even on short flights is excellent. The let downs are the appallingly slow security check at Kigali which can take an hour which causes delays to flights at busy times. This is a problem required to be addressed. Also they could do with a wider choice of films on the entertainment system.
  Madrid to Gatwick. Flight was on time. At first it looks like the seat pitch is fine. This has been achieved by removing the seat pocket one normally finds below the tray table. However, once person in front declined their seat it became very unpleasant. The tray table came close to my stomach and it would have been very difficult to use the table. Fortunately there was an empty row across and one was able to move seats. The WiFi worked but it only allows you to watch information and movies on Iberia Express page and you are unable to surf the net or send emails, go on Facebook etc. The movie and TV selection was quite good but as there is no seat charger I didnt want to lose my charge so did not use it in the end. The crew were largely absent but drinks and food menu all charged was very adequate for short haul budget flight. All in all a pleasant experience bar the ridiculous seats.
  Los Angeles to Bangkok via Xiamen. This airline is the biggest scam! I booked a flight from Los Angeles to Bangkok with three hours layover in Xiamen city. At the airport I was told that I cant use Xiamen airlines because I dont have Chinese transit visa. Xiamen airport does not have transit area for transit passengers so everyone has to go through customs, get out of the airport, and then walk back in to check in for the next flight. Be advised, you cant get out of the airport unless you have Chinese visa. I have never heard that you need to get a transit visa for couple of hours layover. I was told to cancel my round trip with Xiamen airlines and get a refund. After 67 hrs of phone calls with the airline, I was issued 15 refund of the total cost. The agent explained that somehow my outbound ticket was activated I flew with a different airline but they still activated my ticket! and the activated ticket was 85 of the cost and Im only getting 15 refund for the return flight. Dont be fulled by this airlines! There is a reason they offer cheaper prices... they will streal your money and you will end up paying double.
 TAP does not allow their passenger to choose their seats, not even at the time of checkin. I was checking my dad in and when it got to choose the seat I was surprised it was only possible if paying. They want your money for everything. To totally rip you off. Disgraceful company, not a surprise they are on the verge of bankruptcy.
We went from Paris to Pointe  PitreGuadeloupe. Let alone the very poor ORLY airports service information desk not occupied no signs nobody wants to help you finding the right terminal. On the plane Seats very cramped food poor films uninteresting. But as the seating space in AF to Runion to which we are accustomed is not a bit better we took it. Our direct flight back was cancelled and brought forward by 3 hours what we learned by chance ! reading a note on the hotels pinboard. The plane was very untidy when we got in. And it was not a direct flight we had a stop over of a full hour in FortdeFrance we had to leave the plane and amused ourselves in the duty free shop but at least the plane was cleaned there. Result We started two hours earlier than we had planned and came back to Paris one hour later and were almost too late for our sequel flight from CDG to Frankfurt. Fortunately there seems to be an understanding between AF and Corsair and so even before we landed we were informed that we need not worry AF was already informed about our delay thank you staff! and was willing to book us on the next flight which was eventually not necessary because we got our luggage early and caught the bus by running. Well as we saved 400 EUR for two persons on that flight in comparison to AF and as we know know what we possibly would have to expect we would try Corsair once again.
  Only 1 meal type available after 4 people were served and 2 had the item still available. They could not have cared less offering a snack, no coffee or tea so just had water and nuts. Not business Class quality. She was only interested in 2 of the passengers, standing bottle of wine in hand, chatting continuously with 1 passenger in particular. Worst service and reason Qantasqantaslink are always my 2nd choice. Plane was filthy.
  Flight delayed at departure without any explanation. Missed my connecting flight to Bangkok and wasting 5 hours in the airport with a food voucher value of $5.Im very disappointed!
  I boarded on American Flight 460 and was ready to head to Philadelphia. The flight crew was confident I would make the connection and be good to go. Approximately 1 hour into the flight, the Captain came on the speaker and identified this flight had engine issues. Due to the weight provided by the fuel, we had to circle around Phoenix before landing at 1556. We were deplaned, waited at the gate, and reboarded at approximately 1715. This ensured there would be ZERO chance to make the connecting flight in Philadelphia onto Lisbon AA 258. The major issue at play was I booked a separate reservation through TAP Air Portugal, since my final destination of Sao Tome TMS was NOT served by American Airlines or any Oneworld partners. I was able to get to Philadelphia around 0023 on May 13, 2023 however, this was well beyond the time my connecting flight to Lisbon left 2120 on May 12, 2023. During this flight, I purchased the $25 WiFi so I could attempt to change my flight from Lisbon to Sao Tome, which departed Lisbon at 1140 AM on 51323 and arrived in Sao Tome at 1715 TP 1531  Record Locator RLPRH6. This was not possible since neither the Mobile App, nor the website would allow changes. In Philadelphia  American Airlines offered me a hotel, which I declined to stay with friends instead. This resulted in a $37.97 charge from Uber to get into Central Philadelphia. Arriving at my friends around 130 AM without my baggage since it was held inside Terminal A and I arrived in Terminal C  I was exhausted and fell asleep. The next morning, I called TAP Air Portugal to let them know about this misconnect and thats where things really got fun. I was sent to a call center that basically stated my flights were canceled and I would have to rebook an entirely new fare for $1,000 after paying nearly $1,000 for the original ticket. I begged if it was possible just to move the outbound flight one day, and I was told no. I asked what options were available to salvage this trip, and I was told nothing  my flight was canceled. I spoke with the manager and still no resolve. I had booked the first night of lodging on May 13, 2023 in Sao Tome at a cost of $150, and the second night of lodging on May 14, 2023 at a cost of $250. These were not refunded. I tried reaching every avenue with the airline and was met with your flight is canceled and you must rebook a new fare. Additionally, I had arranged a local guide at a cost of 200 Euro. This guide lost out on an opportunity to make money in a country that does not see tourism. As much as I wanted to make the best of things  I decided I wasnt about to spend any more money on flights and to just find something in Lisbon  a city I never intended to visit in the first place. I settled on the Moxy Lisbon at an additional cost of $209.15. I went to the hotel and fell asleep  defeated by the whole process in a city I never intended to visit in the first place. The best part  I bid for an upgrade on my flight back from Sao Tome to Lisbon TAP Air Portugal Flight TP 1532 departing on May 15, 2023 and this was accepted AFTER the customer service representative stated my flight was canceled. I was charged $400 for a flight that the airline canceled and returning from a destination I wasnt even able to visit. Absolutely shameful.
  I have flown many times with this airline. They never left on time. We are sitting in Las Vegas on a plane and have been sitting for 40 minutes outside at 120 degrees. Im late for a business dinner.
Bangalore to Hyderabad. My first time with Air Costa  they been operating as a regional airline India for 2 years. A great experience, the legroom was really good, seats comfortable and the aircraft very new. Its low cost, so besides a glass of water, it costs. But given the flight time of little over an hour thats no problem. The range of food and beverages looked good though. The flight was 20 mins late  the only downside.
  Avelo Airlines is another hustling cheap tickets like Spirit and Frontier. It really how you search for cheap tickets if is still available or not. There days that their prices is the same as any airlines. Remember Avelo charge for customer service so another gold digger.
I flew Kulula from Johannesburg to East London return. I dont think I have ever been so uncomfortable on an aircraft and I have flown on numerous low cost airlines before. The seating is dreadful. The crew on the outbound flight were not too friendly, but a lot better on the return. I would not recommend Kulula due to the seating. They could remove one row to try to be a little more competitive.
  The focus of my review at this time is on their Mabuhay Miles frequent flyer program. I usually take a domestic flight which will connect to Manila or Cebu for an international flight, all via PAL. This saves me from trouble in case I would miss my connection. From experience, they would rebook me to the next flight for free, if there are problems with the connection. And that is okay. But accommodation and food arent included, though thats fine by me. With so many flights, I became a frequent flyer and their program is useful in terms of extra baggage allowance and priority tag, priority boarding, and lounge access. But thats it, they dont care much about frequent flyers in other aspects, especially redemption. If you redeem a oneway international flight ticket, expect that your hard earned miles are to be practically useless, because you will still pay a huge amount. Even if you redeem a round trip ticket, you will still pay hefty airline charges because apparently, the miles are only for the base fare. Ive been so used to flying with SQ where I only pay the very minimal $10 airport tax upon miles redemption, even for a oneway MNLSIN ticket. So I find PALs redemption rules weird and a money grab. Then theres the problem with redemption nominees that can be easily done online  with other airlines like SQ, but not PAL. Its like 1995, you need visit their ticket office or call their hotlines if you want to redeem for other people. They would have you wait for 2 to 3 hours at their ticket office worst experience in their ticket office in Alabang, then charge you a rush fee for redemption made less than 10 days from the intended flight. From the provinces in P.I., I now take an extra day for layover in Manila just to fly with other airlines because PAL is getting ridiculous. If their frequent flyer program doesnt change, then good bye.
  I had the nightmare flight experience from Delta Airlines. My recent trip from Boston to Shanghai was a complete disaster. Delta Airline flight DL509 got delayed 3 hours and made me arrive late in Los Angeles from Boston. This made me miss my connecting flight to Shanghai with China Airlines. Second, Delta Airlines changed my entire trip without notifying me. I found out my flight changed the next day from my travel agent. Delta changed my entire trip and made me use their airline to fly back to China instead of flying with China Airlines. The new trip now forced me to fly to Seattle and then fly to China through Delta Airlines. This forced me to stay in a hotel for 2 nights and the 2nd night hotel I had to pay out of pocket. Third, Delta Airlines then tried to make me purchase a Main Cabin class ticket for the 3rd day flight to China on their Airlines. This was an $800 ticket which they said I have to purchase in in order to get on the only next available flight to China. So, for them making me miss my connecting flight I had to pay $800 just to fly back and also I had to spend $200 the second night for a hotel in Seattle so I can catch the flight to China the 3rd day is ridiculous. Finally, when I took their flight to China on the third day and arrived in China they lost my luggage. I had important items in my luggage which I had to give to my relatives and now its gone and they are still trying to find it. Delta mentioned specifically that I did not need to worry about my luggage when my flight got changed by them. This entire trip made me feel like a helpless homeless person for 3 days and as an old 70 year old man my health deteriorated greatly from the stress they caused me. Theres no shame in the horrendous customer service they provided and I was never compensated by Delta Airlines for the distress they caused me.
  Booked Sydney Flight JQ508 it was set to depart at 9.15am and the flight was delayed 3hrs with no communication to customers. There was no text, email or updates google stating 3hr delay. The delays ruined plans for the day and no compensation to make up for the delay. Customer service was rude, arrogant and had 0 empathy for the inconvenience  damage caused to customers. Flights departing at 11am to Sydney departed earlier than the 9.15am Sydney flight. No compensation provided. Ridiculous airline avoid at all costs.
PZ 720 GRUEZE. Business class in abysmal shape quite in sync with TAM overall performance. The seats are old without plugs with ashtrays in my case full of chewed gums and candy wrappings. Broken trays render the food service experience even more exciting especially when served without a menu. No welcome drink even after waiting 25 minutes before pulling out of the gate. Entertainment inexistent except blasting commercial advertisements on the main screens. Mediocrity is the best adjective to describe this service.
  I had a very worst experience with this airline. we boarded flight on time around 9 pm est. After boarding the flight was delayed with no proper update. After waiting an hour in the flight, got an update a passenger being sick and waiting for the crew to offboard their check in luggage and the expected take off time is 11.40. Waited with 2 kids in the flight till 11.40. got one small badam packet, water and a burger as dinner. Again around 11.40 received an update the crew just reached and still searching for bag. After an hour , received update need to change flight crew and they are going to another gate 126 and board again at 1.15 am est. Waited till 1.15 am in flight, again received an announcement that flight is cancelled. We were asked to get down and many didnt even realize the flight is cancelled. Got announcement that collect luggage in drop 5 and the bags were being sent slowly almost taking 1.5 hrs even to get the luggage. Also they asked one counter will be open till 3 am and we have to rebook if required before 3 am. The one counter which was open till 3 am, there was a huge line and almost till 7.30 we were just standing on line. Finally fed up and booked a hotel by ourself and many hotels didnt allow check in during that time. finally we got one for paying 300$ for 4 hours, booked cab by ourself. at 1.30 qe received a message that we got meal vouchers value 15$, 2 per passenger. the worst airline and the pain we had on that night with 2 kids are unbearable. after long struggle we booked air India from JFK, initial trip was from newark. Unexpected delays or cancelations are understandable, but airlines should be able to handle the passengers during the situation.
HELCPHHEL. HELCPH on Avro RJ85 ontime both ways. Clean aircraft crew and service are nothing special but seats comfortable and spacious in the 3x2 configuration. CPHHEL on B71 food for purchase in both directions drinks free. In general this is competitive to SAS on the same sector but definitely a lowcost feel without a particularly lowcost price.
  San Juan to Tortola. The company outsources its operations including gate agents. There is no coordination between the entities. If you have a reservation, it really doesnt matter, as they take people on the planes, first come, first served, bumping those who have reservations, only because they were next in line. The company is nonresponsive to complaints or feedback. The planes themselves are not maintained well, as there was no air on the hour flight to Tortola and back, so the inside cabin was 95100F. This after a day delay to fix a different issue. Expect many  maintenance issues and delays with this airline. Given the number of other choices, I cannot see why anybody would choose this airline.
  Orlando to Nassau. Do not trust these people or do not waste your time talking with them as to them it is all transactional and not based on customer service. As a million mile on a US carrier I was shock even with a nonrefundable ticket they would not credit me and my because of this storm. All they would do is offer a discount and that we had to still use the ticket with in 6 months.
Arriving at Orlando airport there was nothing less than disorganized chaos by the check in. Staff were extremely slow for simple bag checkins as well as unfriendly and unprofessional. Flight was delayed 4 hours because the crew needed time off. Does US Airways only have one crew available? The flight finally got off the ground 4 hours and 45 minutes later than scheduled. Because I was just taking a day trip to Philadelphia to drop off someone who had a 10 hour layover it ended up being a waste of money for me. For my return flight from Philadelphia they announced that there would be a 10 minute delay because  you guessed it  they were short on personnel. The 10 minutes turned into over an hour before they could get a first officer and 2 flight attendants. The service on board on both flights was poor. The attendants were cold and impersonal. The gate personnel at Orlando were the absolute unfriendliest I have seen in over 45 years of flying. US Airways used to be a good airline that I enjoyed flying with, but since the fusion they are just a shadow of what they used to be and even worse than their partner American Airlines. I wont be using them anytime in the near future again.
  Bangkok to Los Angeles via Hong Kong. Cathay Pacific cancelled my flight twice just because it tried to fill up more flights due to the lack of customers from coronavirus. Refused to offer any changes without fees. Food garbage, customer service non existent, prices not cheap.
Ramstein Air Force Base Germany to BaltimoreWashington. Flew as SpaceA on the AMC USAF Patriot Express or informally Freedom Bird. Seats were narrow, as would expect for transporting physically fit soldiers, but adequate legroom. Departure delayed for two hours for technical reasons, but better safe than sorry since flight over Atlantic Ocean precludes any emergency diversion and landing! All seatback electronics functioned. Cabin staff and service were excellent! Supper from Germany, not US was to European standards, quite good, not the untasty US airline food, and had a real breakfast, not a snack as on the inadequate other charter company outbound. Crew was attentive, gracious, and always helpful. Overall, much better than USflagged carriers and up to European standards. Although flew as military retired at minimal cost, I would be pleased to pay fullprice ticket for the service rendered on this flight.
  Booked domestic flights from Jakarta to Sorong and back at Batik Air online through their website. Because of a family emergency, I had to cancel the flights at short notice. Several attempts at the specified email addresses or also via the Singapore call center failed 1 email address was obviously no longer valid, there was no answer to another, another call was sent to me in a batic mailbox. Air call center in Singapore referenced. In my telephone attempts not exactly cheap from Switzerland and because of time shift cumbersome I either reached a noncompetent person or stuck in the queue. Overall, the customer service at Batik Air, at least as far as communication is concerned, is a disaster. Anyway, I will not try to book with this airline.  DE Hatte bei Batic Air online ber ihre Webseite fr Januar 2019 Inlandflge von Jakarta nach Sorong und retour gebucht. Wegen eines familiren Notfalls musste ich die Flge kurzfristig stornieren. Mehrere Versuche ber die angegebenen EMailAdressen oder auch via CallCenter Singapur schlugen fehl 1 EMailAdresse war offensichtlich nicht mehr gltig, auf eine andere gab es keine Antwort, bei einer weiteren wurde mir Anruf in einem BaticAirCallCenter in Singapur verwiesen. Bei meinen telefonischen Versuchen nicht gerade billig von der Schweiz aus und wegen Zeitverschiebung umstndlich gelangte ich entweder an eine nicht zustndige Person oder blieb in der Warteschlange stecken. Insgesamt ist der Kundenservice bei Batic Air, zumindest was die Kommunikation angeht, eine Katastrophe. Ich werde jedenfalls keinen Versuch mehr machen, bei dieser Fluggesellschaft zu buchen.
  Horrible company. We had the worst experience ever traveling with this airline. They didnt let us get in inside our flight even we are vaccinated and we have all our documents in law. They didnt know the rules to get in at Egypt, even with the official website of the Egyptian government says clearly that people with the vaccine can go to Egypt for holiday. We were vaccinated in the United States but they didnt understand that our vaccine is the same as in Europe and they didnt let us to take the flight. Horrible attitude from the Italian supervisor and the guy from the counter. This supervisor didnt speak a proper English and he didnt help us in nothing. We showed up him the official information from the Egyptian government but he didnt understand that he was totally wrong with his decision. I dont recommend flying with Air Arabia airlines. They do the impossible for the customers dont have a nice time flying with them and they dont give you proper answers. It look like the people in the counter l dont even know what theyre doing, besides a horrible attention. The supervisor was even worst. They are not prepared at all. My worst experience flying and Ive been in more than 55 countries. I hope this situation helps to save you a lot of problems with this airline. 
  Skymark is fine when all goes well. On the outbound trip from Tokyo to Shin Chitose my partner and I had no problems. Checking was done by machine and boarding was prompt. Inflight seats are okay, and legroom is okay for an LCC. The return trip never happened. We checked in and went to get lunch at the airport before the flight. As we made our way to security we saw the flight was canceled. As all other SkyMark flights to Tokyo were full we were told we had find our own way back after which point we could apply for reimbursement of our new tickets cost. All other airlines serving HND were full today so we ended up on Vanilla Air to NRT and getting home nearly nine hours later than planned. Skymark followed their rules so we cannot fault their front line staff for the lack of service. The bottom line with Skymark is that unless you are prepared to fend for yourself if something goes wrong its better to pay a bit more for an airline like JAL or ANA that is focused on customer service.
 Johannesburg to Cape Town. I would like to lodge a complaint as I was very disappointed with the whole experience. The flight was delayed, we were at the gate on time and there were no announcements or updates made. Instead the staff just chatted amongst each other saying they dont know when we will be able to board. Almost 45 min later we boarded, I have two small children 2 years and 5 years and a pram but we had to stand in the queue. No courtesy and consideration was given that parents with young kids and old people should be allowed to board after business class. I have travelled many airlines with my kids and all airlines give courtesy and assistance when travelling with kids. The aircraft was unclean, chewing gum on armrest and dirt in the magazine pocket. After landing in Cape Town we received our pram back which was returned scratched and the agent that booked us in Johannesburg OR Tambo airport did not tag one of our bags. It was the bag with my 2 year olds clothing, medication and vanity. The Agent we spoke to was very helpful and was the only positive part of flying British Airways. The incompetence of not tagging our bag and possibly not finding it and finding it only after a few days caused a huge inconvenience. The bag was found 6 hours later, despite it being returned it was my toddlers things and I had to go right away to purchase all new things as we were on holiday in Cape Town for a week only and I couldnt wait for possibly a few days or not finding it at all. 2 weeks later after many emails I received an email that I have accepted the terms and conditions when purchasing the ticket and hence theres not much they can do expect give me a lousy R250. 
The return tickets London to Bangladesh were cheap so I chose to try them out. Both the economy and First class seats are shabby. LondonYemen flight was less than half full on an Airbus 310. In flight entertainment was abysmal with the same film shown on both outward and inward flights. There is no personal inflight entertainment system everyone shares the same overhead screen. Sanaa airport transit lounge lets the airline down. There were over 200 people in the lounge with only 3 filthy cubicles for men and none of them had a working flush or toilet paper and all of them were overflowing with excrement I have photos. There was no soap either. The 5 hour transit wait was unpleasant. Sanaa to Bangladesh flight was full. The aircraft was infested with flies and it was hard to eat. Food isnt great but its ok for the price. There are no snacks even if you ask. No extra milk for tea either except the powder sachet that you get once with your main meal. Reconfirming the flights in Bangladesh was erratic. Local agent asked I present my passport and ticket in person and present a copy of my visa I was told by UK travel agents I only needed to phone in order to reconfirm! In the end I argued with him and sent him a copy of my ticket and passport by fax. Return journey from Bangladesh to Sanaa was the same on Flight IY0873 and the first class seat I was in seat 2E was very shabby and only slightly larger than economy but did have good legroom. The footrests were broken and there were flies buzzing around. Trasit at Sanaa to London was done in the bus and boarding cards handed out while the bus was moving to the transit lounge where more people got on. The official took all our passports and disappeared for a while. He then left all our passports with a fellow passenger and jumped off the bus. We had to frantically grab our passports because of the risk of theft. Sanaa to London flight had same food and flies and the stewardess explained that the flies were around because of the dates in Yemen. We requested she spray insecticide and she said she would try but it never happened. 20 minutes before landing at Heathrow she sprayed insecticide but that was because of UK rules. Verdict  Flight schedule was super crew dont go the extra mile. I will travel with them again if the fare is cheap and I am the only traveller otherwise I will give them a miss. Not recommended for families because of the really poor transit lounge and toilets.
 Amsterdam to Thessaloniki. I travel frequently to Greece to visit my family and I use Transavia since its the only direct flight to my hometown out of Amsterdam. I am generally happy with the service since I do know what to expect although for the record it is not always low on cost.
  Worst airline ever. They lie about special offers. They delayed our return flight for 24h and we got just some generic message. No explanation, nothing. They left us with our 3 year old child and when we complained that we dont have any more accommodation they didnt care. Never again with them.
  Hangzhou to Macau. I have had the misfortune of flying Air Macau numerous times over the past 6 years. On virtually every occasion the flight has been late, often by at least 2 hours. The airline has the annoying habit of boarding passengers first, and only then informing them of the delay, creating a long and frustrating wait on the tarmac. The Macau  Beijing route seems particularly liable to delay, but recently I have travelled on Air Macau to Hangzhou and Nanjing and both flights were 2 hours late, with little or no explanation. Air Macau gives the impression that it simply does not care. After many years of international travel, Air Macau is quite simply the most unreliable airline I have ever had the misfortune to fly on.
MRURUNSYDNOU return. High level of service across the board. No difference between flying on an ATR 72500 and a B777300. The crew were well groomed polite and efficient. Great Creole cuisine with a French savoir fare. Hot meals for the main services and good open sandwiches in between. On Demand Entertainment System worked well with plenty of choices. International magazines available. Clean lavatories.
Just got back from a fantastic trip to Namibia but Air Namibia provided a disappointing end to the trip. They cunningly changed the time of the flight bringing it forward by an hour and a half so instead of getting to the airport almost 3 hours before departure it turned out to be leaving in an hour! Clearly noone else had been told either as the queue was out the door  and to cap it all they only had one checkin desk open  I couldnt believe it! We eventually checked in about 2 minutes before it was due to take off and eventually left almost an hour late. A real shambles and what annoys me is that they clearly have all my contact details and could have contacted me via email or mobile to inform of the changes  I guess that would be too much to ask. I have traveled around the world and never reconfirmed a flight but would strongly recommend that you do with Air Namibia  it seems that the airline cant match the service and customer experience that the rest of Namibia offers.
  The airlines cancelled my flight due to limited flight. My original flight is May 20. Due to this changes I have to make changes also on my connecting flight. I asked to move it to June 11. I was told that I can only picked a date between May 24 to June 2 and for Monday, Wednesday, Friday. I asked to speak to manager if I can change it to June 11 since they are the one who decide to cancel the flight coming out of Manila on Tuesday and Thursday. The representative said that the manager will tell me the same thing because its a company policy, and told me i will have to pay the difference or cancel the flight and book it somewhere else. I understand theyre trying to consolidate their trip but if you are the one whos causing the inconvenience of customer, you should be able to be flexible. 
  I booked a flight for an Air France  Virgin Atlantic flight from Orlando to Beirut. Once I landed in Beirut airport I notice Im missing one checked bag so I reached out to the missing luggage office and file claim. 2 days later I got update by email that my bag was found, and it will be forwarded to Beirut. I contacted airport for my bag, and they said my bag did not arrive. 2 days later suddenly the claim I filed in the airport was closed and when I contacted customer service, they didnt know how the claim was closed or who closed it. I filed online claim again, since then I have been calling customer service every day about my luggage with no updates. Nobody could explain how my first claim was closed and keep saying no update on my luggage. I filed claim for necessary purchase but I didnt get any reimbursement, then after 21 days filed claim for lost luggage. I started calling air France every day, I got to speak with supervisor who made clear your bag was lost and there is no way for passenger to talk to claim department unless they call you. I asked how long it takes to get my reimbursement, he said, we have long queue and this might take several months. So they lost my bag with promise they will reimburse me when they decide to do with no timeframe. 
 First of all the front desk ladies were very sweet and helpful, I can not complain about them. Now lets start, the staff on board were rude and did not seem bothered with the clients at all. After the safety instructions were done, they simply went and buckled themselves in, not one of them came by and checked to see if any of the passengers were buckled in. When we arrived my sons car seat was booked in as special baggage, well thank you for breaking the chair into two pieces. The car seat was thrown on the floor in the middle of the conveyors where you collect your bags. We asked the people at the kiosk where we should collect the special baggage, they simply pointed to stuff thrown on the floor and there was where my sons car seat was thrown. When we flew with Mango on the 4th they brought my sons car seat to us to the kiosk on a trolley as it should be but to throw someones baggage like it garbage is disgusting. Staff have no personality, no drive and no respect for your clients goods. When we flew with Mango again on the 4th of Feb the pilots were excellent, they kept telling us and informing us where we were, but the pilots of flysafair did none of that. I regret not flying with Mango again and regret that I used your services. I will never be you client again and I advise anyone not to make use of your services!
DME Moscow to LHR. Good checkin staff but from there things were not up to scratch. Inflight announcements indecipherable cabin crew unfriendly and food and service definitely not up to international standards. Needs significant improvement.
  Once again, flight on time  early. Contact centre easy to get hold of and organized a change efficiently. Check in online no hassle, staff on plane excellent, comps to Robin on this mornings flight, she was a great example of working with a smile. The only negative is obviously the increase in flight costs but thats everywhere.
  Moscow to Tashkent. Fast and efficient check in at the Domodedovo airport with a ample lounge to relax before boarding with great drinks and food choices. Boarding process was a bit chaotic, the plane was full and there was no separate line for business class so it took a while for agents to check documents and boarding passes of everyone in the long queues until I was allowed to board. 3 friendly flight attendants greeted me aboard the beautiful cabin of their new Boeing 787, took me to my assigned seat, hung my jacket, and offered me some champagne, with a refill shortly after. They spoke very good English and were genuine friendly and courteous. They distributed noisecanceling headphones, newspapers and magazines, a cool amenities kit  a nice touch since this was a 5hours flight  and the landing forms, plus informed lunch would be served shortly after takeoff. Cabin was very nice with ambient lighting and logos and touches of Uzbekistan Airways. Seat was very comfortable but not as private as if it was on a 222 configuration. Since I had an empty seat next to me, I had all the privacy plus lots of additional space. Right after takeoff, a flight attendant came to offer hot towels, additional drinks with a few small plates, and a food feast began. Several courses were served and I was very impressed by the quantity and quality of the food presented. Even though they did not offer a printed menu, stewardess brought several choices of appetizers, salads, soups, main courses, and encouraged me to try different combinations. Also the desserts, I agreed with two choices, but they brought more and everything was high quality and well prepared and presented in porcelain with Uzbekistan colors and logos, very classy. Shortly after lunch, they offered a tablet with several movies and music programs to choose from. Flight attendants keept checking passengers by offering more drinks, blankets, etc. until Captain has announced the approach to Tashkent. After landing, they went to every passenger to thank them for flying with Uzbekistan and to welcome to their country. As the airplane parked at a remote stand, a bus assigned to business class passengers took us to a private arrival lounge, where private immigration and customs facilities were offered, and the whole process went quite fast. I was very impressed with the warm and professional service provided along with excellence and attention to details. Only aspect to be improved would be the boarding process for premium classes. I recommend Uzbekistan Airways and I am willing to fly with them again
 Bangkok to Munich. Next time another airline. The service is getting very poor. Just one drink each meal, no extra drinks. Im 192 cm. Get at almost every airline emergency seat. Thai Airways want now 3100 baht almost 100 euros extra. Flight was much more than other airlines and now have less of what you get. I was flying 5 time a year with Thai Airways. In total 15 years. Next time I will book with another airline, they not only save money.
 Just know that even if you book months in advance you are only buying the opportunity to fly stand by. I attempted to print out a boarding pass after checking in and their app said that could not give be a boarding pass via the app and that I should go to the ticket counter, at least 200 people in line. I finally got my pass but could not run fast enough to make the flight. I am 72. I am now sitting for 4 hours for the next flight that I may or may not get a seat in. I am feeling abused.
  After boarding the aircraft and finding my way to my seat I noticed that it was very dirty and there was trash in my seat. The flight attendant was kind enough to clean my seat for me but I was disappointed to find that the aircraft was not well cleaned.
  Was forced to check in my carry in baggage even though it fit the requirements and was included in my ticket. Staff is being forced to be this rude to customers.
SCLEZELIMMIA in economy as part of a Oneworld ticket. Lan Peru from SCLEZE was the only flight available that day for our ticket and was an OK experience. Flight on an older 767300ER with no personal TVs but the flight is barely 2 hours. The crew were polite and food was good. EZELIM was 2 hours 45 minutes late with no explanation meaning we didnt arrive into Lima until 2 am. However we were given a free meal at the airport. We discovered that we had not been sat together so asked the gate agent to move us and were moved right to the front which was great. The plane was a very outdated 767300ER with no personal TVs and no movable headrests on the seats which was annoying for a 4.5 hour flight. However we massive legroom at the front in the middle so we were able to get some sleep. The cabin crew were good actually making sure people watched the safety video and food was fine. LIMMIA however was great. It left roughly on time which was good as we had a connection at MIA to LHR our bags did make it the whole way. The plane was a refurbished  new 767300ER so it had the excellent new seats and AVOD IN entertainment system. The crew were polite but didnt give us the right immigration forms for the USA but this didnt turn out to be a problem in the end as we picked them up at the airport. An inconsistent but mostly decent experience with LAN Peru and would fly them again.
 Only reason why I gave 2 stars is because our flight to our destination was good. Our flight home was bad and Avelo  will not refund our flight even though we were told by an employee there they were refunding us. Let me give you the back story. We left MCO at 1040am and were supposed to arrive to Tweed at 1pm. Around 1pm we started to land, it was very foggy, one second I saw the tops of houses close and the next second we shot back up in the air. The pilot was the only informative person on that plane. He let us know that they couldnt see the runway due to fog and that we would circle around and try again in 1015 min and that we had an hours worth of gas left so they were thinking about making an emergency landing at Bradley. After hearing back from air traffic control within those 45 min we stayed circling, they made the decision to emergency land at Bradley. We landed at 212. We sat on the tarmac for 15 minutes without being told anything until finally they said they were going to refuel and take off to Tweed again. HOW? How when the fog was still bad. That makes no sense. I would have loved to speak to a flight attendant about how I felt regarding this matter but there were nowhere to be found and the walkway was blocked by people standing or trying to use the bathroom. After an hour of them figuring it out with Bradley, Bradley gave us a gate and we were told we could exit the plane but we would need to stay close as they were going to reboard us and go back to Tweed. Absolutely not. Why again are we trying this when the weather was zero visibility of a very short runway?? So yet again the story changed and we were given 2 options. One was to stay close and reboard and go back to Tweed or 2 go home and they would not release our luggage to us until the plane landed back at Tweed. With 3 children who had already had enough and were already scared there was no way I was doing option one. After getting off the plane, there was no one to speak to regarding how we will know when our plane would be back at Tweed because Bradley doesnt serve Avelo so they couldnt give us information which I completely understand but not one Avelo employee came off the plane to give us any information what so ever. Horrible lack of communication which left many people on that plane very upset, not only just us. And let me add that we had family picking us up so they were waiting at Tweed when I had to text them when we landed that they had to drive an hour to Bradley. So when we left, my husband immediately called Avelo and was on hold for 30 minutes before getting disconnected and then we tried again after that and we were on the phone for an hour and a half without anyone answering so at that point it was close to 9 oclock and we gave up. We woke up this morning and called them around 10 oclock and they let us know that our plane landed at 830 in the morning. Its funny how nobody could call us to tell us that especially given all that we had just been through. So my husband spoke to the lady and explained all of this and explained that we should be given a refund for our flight due to the numerous issues that happened and the lady who he spoke to said she was putting the refund through we then drove 45 minutes to Avelo to retrieve our luggage. Oh and the employee at MCO didnt provide us with one luggage tag  thankfully that was not an issue.
  Excellent, safe, clean, on time, and we got a hot meal on board, which I did not expect, given the fact that during the ticket purchase I was prompted to buy a meal, which I did not want to do. They are a little bit expensive, but  the flight took a long time 4.5 hrs. Excellent service, thank you!
Flew Bangkok to Paro roundtrip both flights via Calcutta. Outbound I was in Economy Plus and the legroom was excellent. The breakfast was well served hot and tastyfar more substantial that is offered on many other carriers. On the return I was upgraded to business and the leather seat was roomy and comfortable. The meal lunch was good but the performance of the crew was truly worldclass. I have to say that I was very impressed by the professionalism and demeanour they displayed. In business one is given access to priority clearance in Bangkok which worked well but still a long wait for baggagethough mine was the first bag out. Excellent offering overall.
 Booked to fly Calgary to Toronto on March 4th, flight 360. It was cancelled due to bad weather in Toronto. Email confirmation of the cancellation auto booked me to the flight the next morning. Noticing that their was a flight earlier in the day that had been rescheduled for mid afternoon I called them. I was on hold for well over an hour their recorded message said it would be 15 minutes. Then when an agent answered I requested to be moved to the earlier flight and he took all my information and asked me to hold again. After 15 minutes again on hold they disconnected the call. They have both my email and phone number do you think they bothered to call back. They have very recently started flying this route and from the looks of it they are not ready to fly with the Big Boys yet. I could have flown cheaper with Air Canada but thought I would try Porter  big mistake. My brotherinlaw flew earlier in the week and also got cancelled. Not a good start to flying this new route!
13th December from Heathrow T2 to Vienna via Cologne. Really good crew and comfortable cabin for such a short flight. Transfer in CologneBonn was easy and Germanwings agents very good. From Cologne to Vienna the flight was not so busy and seats were free. Another good crew and great flight. As you should expect in flight beverages not cheap. However the 3 fare types  basic no free refreshments hand luggage only smart checked bag included free refreshments sandwich 2 drinks best different cabin checked bag unlimited free refreshments  is a good effective system. Cheap fares good airline will use again.
  I have used first leg of my trip so far and it was not a good experience as no food options halal are offered but in flight service was extremely poor. To make it worse upon reaching Colombo, despite being a transit passenger we were forced to get a tourist visa at considerable cost. Then finding the right area to go to the transit hotel was strenuous. Finally, we did manage to find the desk, we were booked into Ramada and previously confirmed by the airline but we ended up in the Tamarind Tree hotel. This turned out to be a poor accommodation with insects crawling in the room and in terms of food no international cuisine was offered. Breakfast looked like dinner. With two nights being in transit to catch our flight to Karachi and losing sleep due to poor timings, I dont believe airline is doing anything worthwhile to reduce passengers misery. I now dread the prospect of returning to Sydney more or less in the same fashion and I am afraid I cannot go through this grueling experience. Despite writing to the airline nothing was resolved except fancy words and apologies. I will suggest prospective passengers to re think their options to fly with this airline as fare might be somewhat cheap but it is miserable and expensive as you otherwise spend on visas as well as your time spent. SL so supposed to be a tourist destination but lacks tourist centric behaviour.
Jersey to Guernsey the early flight. Everyone who likes to fly should fly this route. The Trislander is a real plane and you get to see it all happening from start to stop. Excellent value and a good experience all round.
  The boarding, the seat legroom, the staff, the food, the service, the cleanness are all 1010. The only area for improvement is the entertainment, the movie selections.
SINVTE return. Lucky to have taken brand new aircraft on both flights. Sat at Rows 5 and 6 the first 2 rows of economy class and it was very spacious and comfortable with adjustable head rests and IVOD. The emergency exit rows were more spacious rows 9 and 10. During take off and landing the cabin lights dimmed and turned blue. Easily the best A320 I have taken out of and into SIN. Food was normal and cabin crew service was good. Toilets were well maintained.
 This trip was a choice between Thai Smile and AirAsia. Ultimately we chose AirAsia as they were significantly cheaper. I arrived at the airport pretty late as driving to the airport before sunrise proved to be a challenge, so many U turns and unlit signs. I prefer Suvarnabhumi Airport over Don Mueang as its just one easy turn off the intercity motorway. Check in reminded me of Heathrow Terminal 2 where everybody prints out their own boarding pass and checks their own bag. AirAsia assigns a seat for you. If youre not happy with it you have to pay to change it. There was a staff member asking if anybody was leaving within the hour, and directed us to the manned check in counter. Probably the fastest check in experience I have had, after typing our names off our driving licences he handed us our boarding passes and we were off to security. I must note that these boarding passes are essentially just a receipt with a barcode on it. Boarding by bus was complicated but somehow in the confusion we left on time and touched down 10 minutes early. I had preordered a Nasi Lemak on this flight, and it was served piping hot with a complimentary bottle of water. Not very large but decent for 120 baht paid. The seat is quite small but somehow it is better than some legacy carriers, Im looking at you Singapore Airlines! On the return flight, the kiosk check in did not work, so we went to the actual check in counters to get our boarding pass. What was really odd was that we were assigned seats 7A and 8C, yet 8B was empty which makes me wonder why the system somehow messed up our seat assignments even though we are in the same booking. On this flight, I didnt preorder anything and bought the last hot meal left, rice with chicken teriyaki. Not the most appealing option but I was hungry. They also asked if I wanted to try their Boba milk tea. It was quite unique to get that on a plane but too sweet for my taste. The captain had already started the descent when I was being served, apparently some really strong tailwinds put us 20 minutes ahead of schedule. This was a quick day trip, and we chose AirAsia seeing that we didnt need to check any luggage, both of us had a purse bag and that was it. The crew on all flights were excellent and worked tirelessly to make all passengers feel welcome onboard. The problems that need addressing I think a mobile boarding pass would be a good idea, I couldve just gone through security straight away after parking my car at the airport. The system should also ask if you prefer a window or an aisle seat, that at least saves you some trouble if you prefer the window or have to use the toilet during the flight. The biggest problem I have is the stocks of food onboard. A normal flight normally has only 10 hot meals available for purchase, the guy in the last row would have no chance of getting a hot meal. In the end, they have great value for money and since you get what you pay for, I wouldnt say theyre a bad carrier especially given the price point. If you want to fly low cost in Asia, choose between AirAsia and Jetstar. Either one of those two options are very good for their price.
  Sydney to Incheon. The flight crew provided professional and courteous service. One thing I like about A330 plane is that seat configuration is 242 and my wife and I sat on the window side. The plane was clean and the seats were updated with 18.1 width and seat pitch better than other airlines. One area that is not as good as other airlines such as Singapore or Emirates is the IFE. The selection is still not as extensive as these top tier airlines. But, overall a good value travelling on longdistance flights to Europe. Good to note that as travel to Europe requires overnight stay in Incheon, Korean Air provides free hotel and food vouchers. 
  Seoul to Da Nang in January 2020. I had booked my flight ticket with an extra baggage and i also paid for it. But the airline couldnt find my reservation, so i have to pay a lot of money for some extra kilos at the checkin counter!
  Flight from Milan to Dakar at 9 am. The day before the flight I tried to get a boarding pass online through the web site but it would not work. We arrived at the checkin desk at 7.32 am, only to find it deserted. We went to the general ticketing office of Milan Malpensa Airport where a kind lady told us that for flights to Dakar the checkin closed 90 minutes before takeoff and that no Air Italy staff was available as they had all moved to the gate. I checked my ticket but this information was nowhere to be found. Only with the help of this lady could i find this information in a subsection of the Air Italy website. The lady told us we had missed our flight and nothing could be done the plane was due to leave in over 75 minutes by then. She told us to try and contact the Air Italy call centre 2 euro per minute and see if we could get on the next flight which would leave 3 days later by paying a penalty. I tried to call but after a few minutes of recordings I just gave up given the high cost of the phone call. More people with small children arrived just after us for that flight and no one was offered any help or could speak to any Air Italy staff member. In the end we had to buy a ticket with another airline leaving on that same day. I was appalled by the lack of any form of assistance or of clear communication they should have mentioned that the checkin closed at 90 minutes on the ticket. Never again will I fly with Air Italy.
  I had a case dropped onto my head from the overhead baggage compartment by a steward. I bit my tongue and got swelling on my head. Very apologetic and I was offered a drink of water and an icepack however no follow up. I am a senior citizen and this could have caused serious injury.
  This is the third time I have used Korean for my transpacific flight. I just want to say that for economy class the extra inch or so of leg room they have is such a comfort compared to other airlines that ply the same route. The service is stellar and the meals are fairly good as well.
  I had booked a flexible business class ticket with them back in March. I am waiting for a refund from that flight that I have cancelled in March up to this day. I spend over 80 euros on calls with the costumers service, spend hours and hours on end trying to reach them via email, calls on many different numbers and their WhatsApp number. I kept being pushed to other departments and other emails for my request. To even cancel took me 2 full days of calling and writing to them. The customer service is the worst I have ever experienced.
Luang Prabang to Siem Reap on a 70 seat turboprop. The plane was clean service fine flight comfortable. Short stop in Savannakhet and arrived in Siem Reap 30 minutes early.
  Unbelievable! Never in my 30 years of flights have I encountered such a horrible experience. I booked one way thank God to Ecuador and they had us waiting for about an hour before take off without any info. There was not even a cup of water available. The air vents above our seats dispenses hot air in an already hot cabin. The directions to access the wifi were clear, but no service was ever available. Overall a horrible experience.
  I will never fly this airline again. The ground service was horrible from London to Keflavik. When we checked in the person at the Wow counter to us we would have to pay for luggage which we thought we did but didnt keep the paper work so she said it wasnt her problem. Then she told us it wasnt her problem that we didnt read the website with all the fees. When we got inline to board the plane we realized that she put my spouse at the front of the plane and I was at the back.  In the long run after paying an extra $360.00 just for two small carry on bags it is just not worth it. Also, on the 6 hour flight back we didnt have usb plugs to charge ipad or phone, no entertainment and crazy priced food and drinks. You couldnt even get water for free. Really check out other airlines as in the longer run the cheaper fairs will add up.
  New York JFK to Chennai via Kuwait and I opted for Kuwait Airways because of its low cost. The flight from JFK was delayed by 2 hours and the connecting flight from Kuwait was delayed for 2.5 hours more! There were not much information on the reasons for delay or ETA. I had AVML meal and quality of food was decent. There was no additional service trips by the cabin crew, even though we were waiting for 2 hours on tarmac for take off. No service between meals.
 Manila to Cebu. I really like the service. Cabin crew was friendly. The cabin crew also had some fun games which made the flight confortable and entertaining. The legroom was really good. Upon arrival we boarded using a jet bridge which is comfortable and easy.
 Riga to Dsseldorf. Got charged 60€ extra because my backpack was a bit too heavy for hand luggage! So I had to check it in as a normal bag, it costs 60€, no debate! I will try to prevent flying with airBaltic in the future! Better use Ryanair or Wizz Air, they dont try to charge you 60€ extra for backpack that is a bit too heavy!
  Excellent flight. Almost empty flight. Had the entire row for both me and my partner. Shouldve saved money and not pay for seat assignment. Did have to pay for extra luggage but that was expected. No food ordered. Only hot food option on menu was a I think ravioli. Didnt matter as we had prepared food to eat on the plane. Ground crew was friendly and efficient. Flight crew was overworking unnecessarily by checking the overhead compartment every 30 minutes.
  Flew Hong Kong to Beijing. Good flight, while the two previous flights were cancelled due to the notorious traffic control in Beijing. My flight departed on time and had a rare on the spot arrival. Service was good and the meal is good. Dragonair is part of Cathay Pacific but remain a separate operating entity, and in my opinion they are better than Cathay, and I always prefer them on this route. Business seat is of older configuration but does not matter for a short haul flight.
  El Al is simply the worst airline Ive ever been on. Even before the flight I was experiencing major problems with them. First I booked from TLV to EWR and I paid for extra legroom. The first thing they did was switch the time of departure by a few hours. Then they downgraded my seat after paying for one. And finally they switched the airport where I was supposed to be landing and taking which for me is not a feasible option. They simply changed every detail of the flight without some sort of compensation or communication. I tried calling their customer service and after an hour someone picks up and I explain to them what the situation is and they put me on hold again and never returned. I tried calling them multiple times but they dont answer their customers. On board the staff was rude and unpleasant making this entire ordeal miserable.
  Delta flight DL1287. Got delayed more than 4 hours because they are waiting for the pilot. They kept pushing the departure an hour every hour. Instead of leaving at 610 pm now its scheduled at 950 and no definitive answer other than waiting for the pilot. My husband will miss his work and we wont even be in Houston until 3 in the morning our kids are sleeping on the floor and we are exhausted and now just got pushed to 930 in the morning. We demand full refund and work compensation for missing work.
  Tel Aviv to Tbilisi. I had an issue that I have not experienced in the hundreds of times that I have flown, which Georgian has failed to resolve. I booked a ticket and when I arrived at the ticket counter, they were unable to find my reservation. I dug further and found they cancelled it and made me buy a new ticket at the desk at a higher price. I find this suspect as I bought a ticket on another airline that same day and had no such issue with payment or ticketing. As a result, I was overcharged $80 having to buy a new ticket at the gate because they failed to properly issue my original. To make matters worse, all documentation and forms I have submitted to the airline to receive a refund for the difference between my original reservation and my gate ticket price have gone unanswered. I think both to be very unprofessional for an airline with international presence.
  The flight itself was okay regarding plane and onboard entertainment, as well as punctuality. However, leg room is very little and the on board service is an very disappointing for an 11hr flight. Everything extra except for one meal no choice and water. Flight attendants also are not necessarily very nice. Ground service is the worst I have seen. You are randomly assigned a seat even if you fly as a couple that booked together. There is no way to change this. Online checkin in advance was not possible. Would not recommend the airline again. Their advantage however is clearly the price.
  Washington to Rome via Casablanca. I had a wonderful experience with this airline. I was slightly worried at first because I hadnt heard of the airline before and I saw a bunch of negative reviews on some websites. Also, I was wondering if this airline was so much cheaper than other flights because it would have really bad service  but that was not the case at all. We saved nearly $300 compared to other flights  even other nondirect flights. The flights were orderly and ontime. The staff was extremely friendly. The meals were actually really great! We had two meals on the longer leg of our flight, plus some snacks and beverages and even had one meal on the shorter 2ish hour flight from Casablanca to Rome and vice versa. The entertainment was great too  awesome selection of movies. No issues with luggage. If looking for a great value flight without compromising too much comfort or service, this is a great airline to choose! I recommend it!
  I cannot thank the team on my Delta flight enough. I was flying from New York to Edinburgh by myself with my four month old. They went completely above and beyond to help make sure my flight went as smoothly as possible and could not have been kinder. They went out of their way to make sure me and my young son were comfortable. I am so grateful for the incredible staff I had on the flight today for making my trip so amazing. Im flying alone with my son in the coming months but will only book with delta now based on the customer care I received.
  Kuwait to London. Enjoyed the flight specially my kids the crew was very attentive, helpful and the seating was specious also leg area the entertainment was good with the option of listening to Quran. Will definitely fly again in Kuwait Airways during summer vacation.
 Delays are ridiculous, connections are tight, and care for the customer is non existent. I missed my connection because my flight was delayed. I was told 5 times at the first airport that my connecting time was still legal because it was more than 30 minutes but my flight didnt end up landing until 12 minutes before my connection departed. I made it to the gate before they finished letting on standby passengers but they had already given away my seat and refused to let me on the plane. Then at customer service, they couldnt get me out until late the next day but, since the delay was weather related, they refused to provide me with any hotel or meal vouchers. Then, at the gate to the next flight, they made me check my bag. Keep in mind that this bag had been fine on the last flight and all of my other flights this week. Now, Im sitting here waiting for this flight to finally depart but were delayed again due to maintenance. Im beginning to wonder if Im ever going to get home.
The lounge at JFK Terminal 4 is well appointed and nicely laid out with a decent selection of drinks and food. Boarding was punctual, we were seated in 1A and 1C. A soft drink was offered before takeoff. Seats were leather and old style first class with adequate leg room. Shortly after takeoff we were offered drinks  Mot and Chandon champagne and nuts. Caribbean Airlines now offer you the chance to preorder your meal and I had chosen a Tiger Prawn Masala with a Vegetarian Biryani for my partner. Without a doubt these were two of the best airline meals we have tasted. Drinks were topped up throughout the flight by crew who were delightful  chatty, pleasant and a pleasant change from the norm. Our Saturday night flight landed 30 minutes early and we left relaxed and pleased with our choice
The Portuguese carrier staff since years has worsened its onboard services.While other airlines are improving their services TAP is decreasing the quality. Flight TP016 from REC to LIS 2 hours of delay on 13.01.2023 in business class. No one aspect of the whole service can be claimed as business service. The RECLIS route is the only direct service from Recife to Europe. TAP is a monopolistic carrier. If you want to fly to REC with other airlines you need to go through GIG or GRU. The flight then becomes very long. When you fly to REC with TAP they do not care at all. No competition no service improvement.  No welcome drink once a board  Very poor menu. The breakfast is even worst than the dinner. A tiny small of fruit salad and a small plate with two slices of cheese and one of Brie type of cheese.Half slice of very low quality ham not edible at all and one slice of salami. I asked for a coffee with milk and they tried to give me powder milk. After a complaint the normal milk appeared and was served directly from the box. Bread selection out of any comment  Unfriendly and rude staff. The staff is always in a rush when they have to serve the meals. After the fast services they start chitchatting behind the curtains. They dont smile at all. It looks they are going to a funeral.  The toilets have No difference with the Economy one. No hand cream, nor refreshing towel or other little amenities.  The internet connection was not available  The only positive thing that cannot offset the whole bad service is the lieflat bed. Thats all!
1312015 Firefly from Penang to Krabi. On time with boarding with little fuss. Soya or fruit juice and peanuts were refreshments offered which was enough for the short flight. Great to connect so easily between the two points of Penang and Krabi.
 Please dont take this company. We made a Flight to Tokio  Rome and then Rome  Madrid. In the international fly, Tokio Rome, they starved us to death, and in 15 hours of flight offer us only 2 meals that can barely make a dinner for a child, and the staff was rude. In the Rome  Madrid fly, they assure you that you will take the flight but, but they dropped us in the international airport, and when we ask about or delayed flight, they said to us Run if you want to take it and then we and other 30 passengers need to run all the way to to the other side of the terminal because the flight was going to fly away without us. Also, this flight, the Rome  Madrid flight, has a delayed EVERY SINGLE DAY, I make this timetable, every time it was supposed to fly at 2125 UTC 1 0807  2202 0907  2306 1007  2203 1107  2246 1207  2301 1307  0022 1407  2350 1507  2353 1607  2254 1707  2210
  Air Serbia is not a functional airline in terms of lost luggage and customer service care, they are too far from taking care of their customers. They lost our luggage in connecting flight, and there is no phone number to call checking your lost luggage. There is a tracing luggage site which hives you permanently statement, Tracing continue, check your status later All our clothes is lost and we are stuck here with no clothes on our vacation. In Tivat airport is extremely low technical and computer equipped airport, no real serviced of lost luggage claim. 
  I bought this tickets flight for me and my wife from Paris to Moscow. When I tried to make online booking on June 4th I was informed that flight was canceled. I had to make alternative arrangements and instead going directly from Paris to Moscow I had to go through Riga on a much more expensive flight which took additional 5 hours to reach Moscow. Since then I am trying to get refund for my tickets with no luck so far. After few exchanged emails with emailprotected they stop responding and I am losing any hope that I can get reimbursement from Ural Airlines. In my opinion their attitude is very unprofessional and I would recommend everybody to avoid using their services. I know I will.
  Hong Kong to Kuala Lumpur. Have flown this route many times connecting from Chicago on Cathay Pacific. In the past service and food has been ok. However, on this trip noticed that the service manager delivered the menu to the 5 or 6 passengers first and addressing each by their name, but I was completely ignored. Only after these passengers were served was I given the menu in silence. 
 Took OZ754 from Singapore to Seoul and was assigned a flight without any personal inflight entertainment! I am very surprised at this. Service was soso. Food portion and taste was also ok. The only good thing is that the leg room is wider. I will not consider taking Asiana again for my next Korea trip.
Thomas Cook Airlines Scandinavia is an airline that grows on me. Was not expecting twin aisle wide body jet but the aircraft couldnt have been more than a couple of years old flying from Stockholm to Gran Canaria. All seats had seat back AVOD. Films and TV were SEK 50 which seemed good value. I opted for the free music about 20 channels and also charged my phone through the USB port. Food was better than average and there seemed to be plenty of it. Drinks about SEK 35 for a Heineken and SEK 25 for a Coke. Beware seat recline button is hidden near the seat bottom. Would recommend.
My flight was scheduled rom Amritsar to Delhi and from Delhi to New York. The flight was delayed to the point that  every passenger missed their connecting flights. On top of this i had another flight from New York to Vancouver the next day which I missed and had a book a new flight for 400$. I talked to the airline staff and they said that the flight to Vancouver is not with their airline so they couldnt provide me any compensation. They didnt even care to look for any other flights from Amritsar to Delhi to help the passengers catch their connecting flights. Such a bad experience that Ill never travel with this airline in future no matter what. e.
  My wife and I really enjoyed our stay at the Barcelo Maya Palace Resort. The flight from Toronto to Cancun on February 3, 2023 was flawless. On our return date on February 17, 2022, we were supposed to be picked up at the resort by included shuttle as notified by the App the day before at 8.30am. The shuttle arrived late and picked up a family but we were left stranded by the driver who informed us that we were not on the list and he had no room for us as the shuttle was full. A cab was dispatched that brought us to the Airport for $75 American dollars. I was given a receipt by the driver. At the Air Transat check in kiosk, I spoke with an Air Transat representative at the kiosk. She acted promptly and she personally took the time to speak with the Air Transat people at a nearby office and immediately was able to reimburse me for the cost of the taxi. Great customer service. I have flown with Air Transat in the past and I will continue to do so in the future. All around, great customer service. Thank you.
  I am disgusted with Sun Country airlines and highly recommend avoiding this airline. Yesterday 123121, I drove my 19 year old daughter and her cousin for a 9.30 pm flight. They were told everything was on time, but were then notified the flight was cancelled shortly before they were supposed to board. There was no explanation for this cancellation. I drove back up to get them and they rescheduled for the next day. After delaying the flight for 1.5 hours, the flight was again cancelled. No explanation. My daughter is devastated as she has been waiting a long time for this trip. I will never use this airline again.
Just came up with them from Para to Aruba with an onward connection on Copa to Panama and Colombia. They had an inflight emergency and went back to Para. After a leisurely aircraft switch we left again now almost three hours late and my connection in Aruba was gone. The airline took no responsibility whatsoever for the missed connection not even to the point of offering a wifi space to make it a little easier to sort out options. Their only offer was to fly me back to Surinam. Faced with this prospect I bought a whole new ticket for an evening flight on Avianca which made for a pretty expensive trip. Their C class seats are pretty comfortable. Their catering was minimal.
First of all the editors of this website should note that Go! Mokulele doesnt exist anymore the Cessna operations of that company are now run by a totally different company DBA Mokulele Airlines. This may explain why I am puzzled by all the negative comments. I flew KonaMaui MauiMolokai and MolokaiHonolulu this summer and all three flights were perfect flight experiences and I had more than 45 pounds of luggage with me. Indeed you are weighed at checkin like in preWWI days remember that Cessnas are very small propeller planes with serious weight limitations not large jets but this is done discreetly. I flew on what seemed to be brand new aircraft. The seating arrangements also are clearly designed for center of gravity optimisation. Good side is that you always get a window and aisle seat 11 seating and since you dont fly very high the views of Hawaii from above are magnificent. And for airline geeks such as myself you see and hear whats going on in the cockpit which is interesting.
  Still waiting for a refund for cancelled flights over a year later. Customer service is appalling. Understandable at the beginning of the pandemic that they would be busy, so had call waiting times of over an hour just to speak to customer services. Flight was booked in Feb 2020, and cancelled shortly after that. No confirmation of the cancellation till much later. Eventually reached someone to say that a refund was being processed in Sep 2020. Six months later after numerous follow up chasers to be told that refund is still in process  one year one month later and counting. Do not give them your money!
  Our family of five 2 adults  3 kids, aged 12, 11  7 recently flew Air Asia from Kuala Lumpur to Melbourne. Air Asia auto assigned seats at online checkin that separated our group, which placed our 7 year old seven rows behind the rest of the family even though there were plenty of seats of 5 together on the flight, leaving us no option but to purchase seats. Also, we hired their tablets for entertainment but one didnt work. The cabin crew advised us to contact their customer support who werent interested.
  Sydney to Kuala Lumpur. Relatively painless baggage drop and boarding process. Clean cabin although low interior lighting most of the time and toilets were messy half through an 8hour flight. Staff were friendly, efficient and impressively firm with some guests standing up and making mobile calls when taxiing for takeoff. On board food and beverages have also improved noticeably. Overall a positive experience with this D7223 flight.
  Mumbai to Auckland via Hong Kong. When I travelled to hong kong via Jet Airways and then to Auckland thereafter with Hong Kong Airlines, I was very impressed with the airline. To begin with the greetings on board in English, the airline staff made me feel so comfortable, the seats were brilliant and much better then Jet Airways. The service is 10 grade, the staff took care of me and my my family so well be it food, drinks or even my 7 month old toddler.  I am impressed with the airline for its service, food served me my choice of Indian hindu meal the best rajma chawal I have had, the drinks and the uninterrupted service on a 11 hour journey. I would recommend all my family members and friends to try Hong Kong Airlines. Just add a lot of movies and entertainment as its a 11 hour journey. 
 Bad experience. 2 long flights, 6 hours delay without compensation. On both flights, the sockets and the entertainment did not work. Not mine, nor the socket of the adjacent seats. The cabin staff is nice and pretends that the problem is solvable, but they seem pretty aware that it is not. For the delay, upon request, a ticket was provided for a lounge which was actually a loud caf offering another meal very much like the one on the plane, and 0.33 ml water.
  Grenada to Guadeloupe via Barbados. Do not travel on Liat with a suitcase. Suitcase will not travel same time as you, even with plane nearly empty it take more than 3 days for the suitcase to arrive in Guadeloupe, and been opened by flight company.
  Nok Air are still using quite old aircraft but service has improved since last time a flew with them a few years ago. It is a cheaper alternative to Bangkok Air on route to Samui. Free snack was provided that seems to be a nice gesture especially the flight took just over 50 minutes.
 Never be flying with Akasa Air again I am a frequent traveller and the experience below is my worse airline experience so far! We booked 2 tickets different PNR, one was on my name  Ashima Arora and the other was on my husbands name  Nishan Singh. My infant ticket was attached to my husbands PNR. My husband couldnt travel because of some personal reasons. We Myself and My infant reached the Akasa Air counter on time 10am it was and the flight was at 11am, my boarding pass was also printed but when the staff realized that my infant was added in a different PNR, he asked me to wait and tried calling the supervisormanager to check what needs to be done in this case. I was standing there for 30 minutes and constantly reminding the staff about the moving clock. However, he assured me that I need not worry as theyll have me onboard. After 30 minutes at 1030am, the staff told me that I need to pay Rs1500 to move my childs name in my PNR number from my husbands PNR. I tried to find out the real reason behind the charges as there are airlines that do not charge for it if it has to be from one parent to another parent. It was 1032am. I took 1 minute to absorb those charges and told the counter staff that Ill pay as I want to board that flight. It was 1033am. He called someone again I believe it was a supervisor standing on the boarding gate in front of me that the passenger was ready to pay now, but the person on the other side refused to take the payment and have us board the flight. So, the staff took 30 minutes to inform me about the next step but did not spare even 3 minutes of time to let me absorb those extra charges I had to pay for PNR move. We were left there and couldnt board that flight. I waited for the supervisormanager for another 1 hour and 30 minutes but no one showed up even the staff informed them that the passenger was waiting. I was left with no other choice and I reached out to the airport authority with the concern. When the staff of airport authority accompanied me, only then the supervisor showed up. He started giving some lame excuses that I was already late for the flight at 1030am and I reached late to the airport. Since they have very less number of flights operational and havent even tied up with any other airline, they could only place me in the next day flight. And now, I had to pay Rs1500 for moving the infants name and Rs2000 extra to secure my seat for the next day. And these charges were for oneside travel. Similarly, for the way back from Kochi to BNG I again paid Rs1500 for the infant. I actually had to pay double i.e. Rs6000 which is higher than my tickets original price for my infant. And additionally Rs2000 more for my ticket too. Spent around 14 hours in the airport with my infant. Lost a day of hotel booking charges too since we were flying for holidays and the holiday package was already booked. When I wrote this concern to their customer support, initially I started getting response with as if I have connected to the wrong team with the concern. After writing to then a number of times, I got a response saying that all fault was of us as passengers and thus, they cant help in any which means without letting me know their source of collecting the facts or the information. The resistance was very clear in the emails I received from the customer care too.
  Manila to Puerto Princesa. Im not sure how some travelers rate this airline above a 3. Nearly every encounter I have with them is at best mediocre cant get seats together with my travel companion to horrible. Horrible includes the fact that they are always delayed but if you are running behind they charge you a $100 rebooking fee, which is about what it cost for a ticket anyway. But they will tell you that a ticket costs $200 one way, which is nonsense. If I could find another way to my destination I would never fly them again. They price gouge and are inconsiderate. In fairness, their staff although appearing to work in a chaotic environment, are courteous. I sympathize with them for working for such a terrible airline.
 Mexico City to Los Angeles. Be careful with this airline. I have a Samsonite suitcase that had been used twice prior to this trip and in perfect condition. In Mexico, we requested a fragile sticker and still had one from the previous flight. Our suitcase was 3 kgs under the weight limit. On arrival in LAX we waited for some time, we then were called to the office as my case had been damaged. The whole case was bent, trolly handles dont move, wheels dont roll, material rubbed and frayed inside items were smashed and once home I realised the inside frame was bent and exposing the bits and pieces that hold the case together. It cannot be used again. I read on there website that they are liable and figured a part payment or compensation would be offered. We travelled by Qantas who compensated a damaged suitcase years ago, no trouble and done within 14 working days it dropped from a plane and was badly damaged. Damaged Baggage If your baggage is damaged after the flight, we will be liable for the damage incurred. The best thing to do is to report the damage to the Lost  Found office as soon as you collect it. In most airports, the Lost  Found office is located in the baggage reclaim area. Costs are only assumed if the damage has been confirmed in the report. In Mexico, these compensations are governed by the Civil Aviation Law, while in our international destinations are based on the Montreal Convention. In any case, both the airport where you registered the damage and our Customer Care Center, will answer any questions you may have. Generic Emails back and forth for a month, asking for more photos when we had already sent them and their own staff were there when we opened the case and signed all the paperwork, honestly the worst experience, they were never going payout and by the attitude of staff in LAX and through the customer service centre I have spent hours ringing them I think they have never paid out a cent. Reading reviews online, it seems like many people have had similar experiences. I am gutted and disappointed and we will not be flying Interjet or recommending this airline to anyone.
  Booked tickets to Japan using Cityjet from London to Amsterdam. Terrible mistake. First flight to Amsterdam was delayed so much we missed our KLM connecting flight to Tokyo. Im writing this now at Amsterdam airport waiting for cityjet to arrive, as it is late once again, with no info whatsoever. Probably their old planes broke down again. Avoid this airline at all costs. 
  Just horrendous. Ive purchased my tickets 4 months before with no seat number preferences since I fly alone and payed for automatic flight check in. I had to go through all the hassle to go to check in at the airport to get a physical ticket since there was no ticket issued due to overselling of the places. Waiting to ses if any cancellation was a lot of stress for me . I truly hate so much.
On my way back to Canada, I chose to fly US Airways since I made a last minute booking and didnt feel like paying a full Y class fare on Air Canada. I usually fly Air Canada and Star Alliance Partners, so I chose US Airways based on them being a former partner. I was surprised, comparing the flight to Canadian airlines such as Air Canada and Westjet. The Seats were not at all what I would have expected, there was no IFE system on A319 or CRJ, but that was expected on the CRJ. Cabin Crew was very nice and pleasent. There was a complimentary Beverage service and a la carte snacks, However I found $4 US for a small pack of Pringles and $7US for a Tiny Bottle of Heineken a little steep. Seeing as this was a Domestic flight, I would understand the lack of IFE. There werent any onboard power outlets on any aircraft. My Laptop died halfway through my flight to Philly. Safety Briefing was done by the flight crew but it seemed that they were tired of doing it. Not many were paying attention and I believe a safety video would be more effective. For the value of what I paid for, Id say it was very much worth it.
CGNHAMTHR at the end of December 2004 and back January 2005. First of all our flight was originally CGNTHR but due to one or another reason they flew to HAM first filled up the rather old but clean A310300 with further passengers and then proceeded to THR. The result was that we arrived 6 hours delayed compared to what was previously planned. At least they called us one day before departure and told about the itinerary change. Furthermore we got a voucher of EUR 15 each for use in restaurants at CGN due to the delay. Inflight service was nice food was fine and women did not have to wear the headscarf onboard any more. Also took domestic flight at several occasions when travelling in Iran. THRIFN IFNSYZ KSHTHR and BNDTHR intermediate stop at IFN on F100 B727 and A300B4 were fine on time good catering. They keep an old fleet that wellmaintained and clean.
Estonian Air is becoming a disaster! Having flown with the airline for many years I cannot recall it being worse. StockholmTallinn flight Friday 19th of November  five hours late. Vilnius  Stockholm flight same day six hours late. London  Tallinn flight a week ago more arrived in Tallinn more than six hours late. And all the time without accurate information  probably to avoid rebooking on other airlines.
  Delays are normal for this airline, so you would think that they know how to handle such delays, but they dont. 9 out of 11 of their flights were delayed at Mexico city. Only one person was handling a crowd of anxious people looking for information about their flights. Horrible experience. I also had to spend the whole night trying to sleep on the floor because of a delay in Monterrey.
  Good things  usually rather new planes, depending on the route, usually good schedules, depending on the route. Super small space between seats at row 10. If you fly with children, the family will be placed automatically at the very end of the plane. The automatic sitting system separates families and assign them seats randomly in different rows. If youre a frequent flyer with Aegean Gold, forget about redeeming the upgrade vouchers if you fly with a child. They dont want children in business. Aegean became extraordinarily expensive and mediocre since the pandemic. A shame, as they were quite good. Greek competitor Sky Express offers a good service for cheaper prices.
 I fly from coast to coast at least twice a year and have always had layovers, Im used to it but when I saw that Breeze Airways was offering direct flights to Los Angeles, I booked it immediately. I didnt expect my experience to be so outstanding. Every step of my trip beginning from checking in on the app, checking my luggage and the trip itself was phenomenal. Icing on the cake, we got to my destination 45 minutes earlier! How often does that happen. The price was almost the same as the airline my bags fly free but it made up for being a direct flight. I will definitely fly Breeze Airways again.
  Horrible. Delayed plane. Once landed extra long wait to deplane. Baggage delay of over 1 hour or more. Horrible. They leave you no reason to smile. Do not fly with them.
  Cusco to Lima. My flight was delayed and I was not notified, I found out when I checked the departure screen. Because of the delay I missed my connection flight, which according to them was not their faultproblem. I talked to the supervisor and she was trying to not assume responsibility. Plus they do not follow they own policies. Now Im stuck in Lima! 
  Chios to Athens. Nice flight. Economical ticket. All Covid measures applied. Friendly staff. Gave us a treat. Professionalism. Arrived earlier than scheduled. Punctual and always with a smile. Will certainly fly with Olympic Air again.
  Vancouver to Tokyo. This is our first time flying ANA and what a delightful experience. We flew JAL last year in Economy and Business Class and it was a huge disappointment. On our flight in Economy class was 3x3x3 across in seating and we were in rows 29 and 30 GH. Even when the seat infront of us was reclined, there was still ample space and we did not feel closed in at all. The plane felt new and very clean with a fantastic entertainment selection of top run movies. I had time to watch almost 4 movies, Hollywood selection along with foreign speaking films in Korean, French, and Chinese. The cabin crew that we had was fantastic! Everyone was so friendly and helpful and made us feel like VIP unlike other airline crews that you feel did not want to help. The crew always had a smile and extremely friendly. As for our meals, we chose the hamburger salisbury with potatoes and it was delicious. It had 2 cold appetizers and both were excellent. One was like an imitation crab salad and the other an aspic with spinach. A french red or white along with a white sparkling wine were offered as well as sake. Our second meal was a tuna croissant with a yogurt and apple slices. The mini tuna croissant was also very tasty. We really enjoyed our flight on All Nippon from YVR to HND as the plane was so comfortable with great air quality and not too hot in the cabin. The seats were not all cramped together and perhaps it is because it is 3 3 3 across iso so many planes now at 3 4 3 across. We will never fly JAL ever again as it is so inferior compared to ANA. We will definitely be flying with ANA in the future.
  Jakarta to Yogyakarta. Comfortable Flight on LC Airline This is my first flight travelling by Citilink. Due to Idul Fitri long holiday, I was worried about the airport crowd and the busy staff. I found the ground staff welcome was nice. The checkin process was chaotic but smooth and baggage handling was good. They distributed free meals for breaking the fast and that was delicious. I could sit comfortably without adjusting my leg position because the seat was very nice. For my height 176cm, should be no problem to be seated on regular seats. During the flight, the cabin crew were polite and helpful. The plane took off and arrived on time, really good. I can recommend this airline and will probably use their services again next time.
  I have a flight booked for in August 2023. I just got a notification that my flight has been rescheduled. The new schedule doesnt work out for me and getting in touch with a human customer support not a robot is impossible. Ive been going back and forth with them for the last 3 hours. Finally got in touch with a live agent after waiting for an hour and the case still was not resolved. Very unprofessional on the backend.
 This is really a different airline. The plane was impeccable, clean, looked young. Cabin staff is really amazing, taking care and checking during the hole flight. Food was exquisite. The Samsonite amenity kit was amazing, sleek and modern. A real pleasure to travel on this airline.
  Venice to Riyadh return. Both flights were on time. If you travel out of Europe you have to represent your travel documents at the checkin counter. The seats are comfortable, but not reclinable. Ground staff and cabin crew are friendly and proactive. Bring your own food and IFE as these options are limited.
  Gladly surprised. Travelled with them 3 times  Alicante to Moscow, Moscow to St Petersburg and St Petersburg to Alicante. All flights on time with good service and modern aircraft.
CLTCUR. Check in was slow but it was their first week or so on this new route. Both legs the flights were smooth not packed staff was friendly. I felt like I had hit a time warp when they offered beverage a meal food was decent. Only complaint the return flight rear bathroom could be smelled at least 2 rows away nasty!
  The lady at the counter mixed up my boarding pass with another person whos name starts with the same letter, at first i thought thats how they spell my name in Czech, then later when i verified she thanked me for pointing it out and said my name wasnt there on the list as it wasnt expanded as in the passport but was initialed. She asked me to go to another counter and get it changed or verified if it was okay. Lady at the second counter made us wait for like 15 minutes and then even though i was in queue she prioritised another person in the line as he could speak Czech and i couldnt and asked me to give this gentlemen privacy. She made fun of my last name over the phone while getting it verified then verified that it was okay. Of course the flight was delayed by 2.25 Hrs and the gate changed thrice.
Easy CheckIn at Dsseldorf. The Germanwings flight was on  time. Seats good for a lowcost airline. The food was terrible and expensive. The normal Ticket price excludes luggage, and for including luggage checkin you have to pay extra money. Staff were friendly.
  Jayapura to Yahukimo. Flight left only about half an hour late, good by Wings standards! It was also half empty, so quite comfortable despite being a typical nofrills flight with no food or drink provided.
FRAWDH. Business Class. Separate checkin was efficient. Access to Cathy Pacific lounge. Flight took off on time landed on time. Three course meal  breakfast. Appetizer smoked salmon and desert cheese plate were good. Wine selection was solid. Main course was below average. Seats were circa 12 years ago. No AVOD but several channels to choose from. My video worked. My colleague in another row was not so lucky. When she brought this up our flight attendant mentioned how the staff was looking forward to the new A330s. Simple touches would have refined my overall view menu cards a little more attention to make up for the subpar seats etc but overall it was a good flight.
  I booked a flight from Delhi to Maldives and back on GoFirst, both were direct flights. Few days prior they canceled return flight for no reason and offered only one option with a connection that would take us 18 hours instead of the original 4 hours. Tried to reach them thru call center but couldnt after waiting 45 mins, Their Chat Help is a useless bot their website is even worse, Tries for hours to cancel and get a refund but no luck. Anyways I just had to go ahead and book a different flight. Bad experience but it got even worse. The day before we were to take off for our vacation, they sent a SMS and canceled the inbound flight as well and offered us such a lousy long connection that we had to cancel that flight as well and book an Indigo instead. It took us a whole day to get a hold of someone who was not even sorry. It has now cut our 4 days vacation down to 2.5 days and we forcibly bought more expensive tickets with long connections with no help from them ... for no other reason than that we selected to go with an airline that prides itself on being Customer First. What a sham! Cheap stunt of an airline this is. They are your worst nightmare.
Great airline but sadly airfares costing too much nowadays. Yes regional services are more expensive but why fly when a 2 hour car journey is far cheaper. Staff at BWT generally are rude arrogant and do not provide a friendly service. Trying to connect to other airlines from REX is a nightmare because of the huge disparities in luggage allowance and even worse when you connect to an international flight.
  Cairo to Sharjah. When Air Arabia was first introduced as a low cost airline, i wouldnt complain much about quality and service given according to value for money. But thats not the case anymore, they are now charging same like official airlines which are giving much more better service and even sometimes charging more. low cost flights are now the exception as offers given every now  then same like everyone else.  Ground team i encountered least to say were rude. you feel like treated as a low cost traveller while you are actually not. Head of ground team was treating people very bad when arranging the bus to air craft from Cairo airport  No in flight entertainment whatsoever  Leg room is extremely small and youre always touching adjacent travellers which is making flight completely uncomfortable  people are fighting each other all the time because of reclining seat back due to small leg room and arm rests without interference of flight attendants  charging for meals  soft drinks  charging for baggage  flight attendants are not so friendly  Air craft smell was horrible all the time Bottom line, either review your fares or upgrade your service Wouldnt recommend and most probably wont fly it again.
  Seoul to London. Pleasant inflight attendants and good quality food. However, the seats are somewhat out of date and the airport check in staff, even in the Premium Check In Zone is very rude.
 Reykjavik to Boston during the COVID19 shutdown. There were only two passengers on the flight. When boarding we were told there was water and a snack on our seat. I was able to stretch out for the five hour flight. It was difficult times and the airline did well.
 This is my second time flying with Viva Aerobus and both times I have been pleasantly surprised with my experience. Its a budget airline so its typically cheaper than Aeromexico Aeromexico  worst airline in the world, but the value to me has been so worth the experience. The gate staff was super efficient boarding everyone in and he seemed to go above and beyond to ensure a timely and organized boarding process. Most other Mexican airlines from my experience have been way more chaotic. The flight experience was great. I really have no complaints about this airline  everything was great!
  Ho chi Minh to Los Angeles via Xiamen. Good flight. Check in fast and easy Boarding. Meals and services was good. Clean aircraft offer bottle of water and peanuts before meal services.  Offer drinks entire the flights. Only things communications with cabin crew. If they know what you want they will help you. If not, they just ignore you. Transit in Xiamen they provide free hotels over 8 hours layover. If you are solo traveller try to pay extra because otherwise they will pair you with other travellers. You have to pay taxi. 
 I feel more like telling others of positive experience. And my Lufthansas flight from Madrid to MnchenMunich 26. April was a very good experience. A brand new, very clean aircraft, a wonderful welcoming crew  and above all, a very good, hot meal I chose chicken breast. Im impressed  this was only a two hours flight. Good wines.
 Lima to Santiago. Cheap airline but very poor service at the gate they will make sure you pay more for bags. If the plane is empty and you want to change your seat. You cant. Usually always late by 1 hour. There are advantages of paying less but then be ready for the torture. My friendly advice. Dont travel. Pay more and be happy with other airlines
  Pisa to Tirana. The airline charged me 50 Euros at the gate when I was boarding my flight from Pisa to Tirana because my middle name was not on the ticket. Even though the website only says First Name and Last Name, they claimed I couldnt fly without my full name on the ticket. As such, they charged me 50 Euros to fix the problem and to board the plane.  They fly the oldest planes Ive ever traveled on. Their customer service agents are not friendly and do not help you. I called to complain about the fees at the gate and they said its the rules, sorry. Yet, there is nowhere in the travel terms and conditions that says you must enter your middle name in the first name field when booking the ticket. Their flight attendants are among the rudest Ive ever met. They argued with another passenger on the flight when she asked for a drink, telling her that she should have asked early. 
We flew Air Madagascar from Paris to Antananarivo return in economy class in November 2015. Our initial flight from Paris was cancelled without any notification. After checking my booking online it always worth checking if you fly with Air Madagascar we realised that we were supposed to fly 3 days later, although Air Madagascar didnt ask if this would be suitable for us. We tried to contact them by email, phone and we even went to the customer service desk in Charles de Gaulle Airport  no one was there to help us. Their customer service doesnt exist. After few days of attempts our tour operator in Madagascar was lucky to get in touch with them locally. We asked at least to move our return flight so we can stay in Madagascar as many days as planned. We were not surprised when our return flight to Paris was moved to the following day. We contacted the airline on the day of the flight to check and they couldnt confirm the exact date and time of the departure. They didnt offer accommodation. So as a result, we had to completely reschedule our tour including all hotels etc. we missed 2 connection flights from London to Paris return we live in London. We also had one domestic flight with this airline to Morondava. This flight was also cancelled and then rescheduled the night before the flight. Local people in Madagascar called this airline Air Maybe. I wouldnt recommend anyone to fly with Air Madagascar. The tickets are cheaper than other with airlines, but as a result it will cost you much more than were planning to spend.
  6 hours delay from Fez to Gatwick and zero compensation. Reason is that the company not registered within Europe. Avoid because you have absolutely zero rights. Even Ryanair is better abide to European regulation. Avoid avoid.
  Flight was canceled. They left us sitting there till time when we should have been taking off. When tried to get information about what was going on the staff was very rude. Not offered a flight till the next night. No hotel vouchers given. Had to rent a car to get home for work which cost 400$ and driving most the night. Most of the staff were quite young and very belittling and demanding over the intercom and while being helped in line to try to get a refund. I hope to never use this airline again, it cannot be trusted.
  Sydney to Amsterdam via Taipei. Dont fly this airline from Australia  North America through Taipei to Europe. Booked a Premium Economy flight from SYD to AMS for a personal trip. Premium Economy looked very good on their A350s. Only a week after booking they cancelled the SYD to TPE flight on the way out which when challenged, they suggested leaving earlier and having an 18 hour stop in TPE. I got them to book me a hotel, some meals and as the hotel was only for 12 hours, business class lounge access for the final wait, which took a fair bit of persuasion. Then a month before departure they cancelled the return TPE to SYD leg and caused me to stay yet again another 18 hours in TPE. At this point I had had enough but was too close to departure to try and find another Prem Econ ticket anywhere near the price. I tried to persuade them to upgrade me to Business so I could sleep properly, as I was now arriving on a workday and had to go straight to work. They just refused, even though the ticket price difference was 550 Euros, if I was to compare a fresh single ticket Business versus Economy. So they had to book the hotel and meals but this time refused point blank access to the Business Class lounge on the basis they dont run their own lounges in their main hub. Unfortunately, as a nonEU Carrier, they are only liable for delays on flights leaving the EU, so only 1 of the 2 delays was covered, although they are trying to ignore their responsibility at the moment. The planes are nice. The Premium Economy Seat is very big, and when you first sit down, with loads of leg room. However, to recline it, the seat goes forward  a lot! So much so that and I am not tall, only 1.78m you cannot fit your feet under the seat in front, so unless you are very short, the complete recline is useless. The food in Premium, unlike most other airlines, is pure Economy, and to be honest even more unappetizing than standard airline food. Their onboard service is questionable to say the least, even in Premium. For example, on 3 out of the 4 flights, they only produced a predinner bar car once, and you had to keep asking for drinks, which might finally arrive. The inflight entertainment is pretty basic unless you are Chinese, luckily, I had a load of Netflix downloaded. All in all, I will never fly them again, and would suggest anyone tempted by decent pricing on tickets, particularly in premium classes, be very careful if flying long haul through Taipei from Australasia, North America etc  if the flights are not full, they will drop them and you will be stuck in TPE. Customer focussed  not on your life!
Gran Canaria  Valencia return. Checked in online in both directions and only had to drop my luggage at the counter. Almost full CRJ 200 and must admit that it was a pleasure to fly with this airline. Comfortable leather seats emergency exit seat so plenty of legroom for a 64 passenger like me also noticed that the other rows of seats also had above average space although the seats were a bit narrow due to the width of the plane rather than Air Nostrum seating. The two flight attendants were cheerful and helpful a sandwich and beer was provided more than adequate for the time of day and length of flight 2h30m. Infinitely better flight than Iberia via Madrid Air Nostrum will be my airlibne of preference for domestic flights in Spain.
I would like to express my thanks for the excellent treatment I received when I flew to Sydney from Toowoomba flight QF2123 at 1700 on 29th August. I am partially disabled and needed wheelchair assistance as I cannot walk very far. From the moment I entered Wellcamp airport till I left Sydney airport I was treated like a VIP. My return trip on the 20th September QF2016 at 0840 was a carbon copy. I was blown away by the service I received, both on the ground and in the air. I would recommend Qantas and  will certainly choose again for any future flights. Thank you to all your amazing staff. My flight was booked by my daughter so I dont know my eticket details.
Tokyo to Sapporo with Peach. Never again. Due to heavy snow in Sapporo the plane had to return back to Tokyo. The passengers were informed that we could transfer at no extra cost to the next available Peach flight. The only problem was that the next available Peach flight to Sapporo was in 3 days which did not fit my travel plans. No other compensation was given. In order to get a refund it was necessary to submit a refund application form on line within 10 days. I tried several times to fill in the form on line but it was rejected each time. I therefore did the following in order to try to solve the problem.  I called Peach Contact Center a number of times Nobody answered the phone  in spite of waiting more than 30 minutes each time.  I tried to find a mail address for Peach Airlines in order to make contact No mail address available  I went in person to Peach Airlines at Narita to get a mail address I could contact They could nor find such an address either. Nor could they contact Peach Contact Center for me. In short  it is impossible to contact Peach Airlines. Reading other customers reviews I now realise this is a common complaint. I have still not got my refund, and will of course not use or recommend this airlines.
The communication and coordination of the Tigerair ground staff leaves a lot to be desired. Leaving from Bali to Singapore we were told a certain gate number Gate 6 by the board and check in counter. Sometime during the 30mins before the flight is supposeD to depart, some passengers found out the Gate number has changed to Gate 5 thru the information board. About 150 passengers got up to relocate. At the time of departure we have not boarded the plane there was no one manning Gate 5. Instead we hear over the speaker that the plane will be delayed by 5 mins. Approximately another 20 mins passed and once again TigerAir got its passengers to play musical chairs. The info board sneakily updated the Gate number back to 6. No communication from the ground staff still at this point. All passengers dragged themselves to Gate 6. So this time, after we have been waiting patiently for 35 mins after the plane was meant to depart, we suddenly were informed the plane will be further delayed by 1 hour. No explanation was given whatsoever. As yet, I am still waiting. I havent even boarded the plane and Im already regretting flying with Tiger Air. Its a good thing Bali airport has free wifi so I can spend my time writing this review. I will send another review if the flight itself has any redeeming factors. Otherwise, I would recommend not flying with Tiger Air.
  When the crew assistance button is pushed the crew came to my seat almost 34 minutes later. There were children sitting in emergency exit bays both in row 15 and in 16, though they were made to sit in some other seat while take off and landing. The crew seems to be more interested in making money than to assist. Unreasonably expensive seat cost. I had to pay 20000 INR as it was urgent. While doing web check in there was no option to auto seat select and was forced to book exit bay seats with paying additional 1400 INR and this felt like a scam, why because there were passengers at last moment that were sitting in some other seats and were allowed to sit in the seats for which I paid extra. Also at last moment some passengers were asked to sit in the seats that I paid extra for and it doesnt seems like thats their seat as no seat number verification was done. 
  I was flying direct to Papeete, Tahiti for a cruise that was leaving 10520. However, due to Covid19 my cruise got canceled. I purchased my ticket in December 2019. When I contacted Tahiti Nui they offered no refunds but offered to extend my ticket for 2 months until 12220. They offer a year beyond date from purchase. So buying early only hurt me. I cant fly this year for obvious reasons. However, they gave my friend and travel companion a year from this December and she can use it by 123121. She made a big fuss and they gave it to her. She only spoke up about herself only and not me. When I contacted the airline about this to the Service Manager  he said due to her circumstances being a single mother she was given this. Pure discrimination! Im a retired senior on a fixed income but that doesnt matter. They refused to extend my ticket like hers. I wrote to the VP of the Company and never heard back. I lost 1500.00 and got rid of a person I thought was a friend. Please fly with an American airline if you can. 
  I fly Southwest every 3 weeks from Denver to Albuquerque on business. The last 8 times the return trip from ABQ to DEN has been delayed or cancelled. Southwest uses every excuse in the book, mostly weather related. These are lies. One flight, where we were 5 hours late getting into Denver, the captain blamed a tornado near DIA. The groundspout basically a whirlwind happened at 430pm and was 15 miles from DIA. We landed in Denver at about 130AM the next morning. Nothing but lies! Last night we were running about 1 hour late as usual! When we arrived at the gate we sat in the plane for 10 minutes while the gate agent chewed the fat with a friend  in her case it was alot of chewing! and then decided to wadle down the jetway and unlock us. After all why hurry for 120 people waiting in a plane. Unfortunately Southwest and United are the only airlines offering nonstop service between ABQ and DEN. I have been a loyal customer of Southwest for over 20 years and have accumulated several hundred thousand Rapid Rewards miles which I have used. No More! Bye Bye Southwest!
Tehran Iran to Almaty Kazakhstan on a relatively clean Airbus A310. The flight was delayed due to airport closure in Almaty nevertheless the lounge at IKA was well equipped. Onboard the food was superb and the crew were very polite and friendly. IFE definitely needs improvement. The inflight magazine was more like a classifieds section out of a newspaper with full pages of advertisements and not enough reading material. All in all it was a very good experience.
  I booked a flight with Thai Airways in Nov 2021. Shortly after I booked the flight was cancelled by the airlines. I contacted them to request a refund, which was approved and I was told it would take 4590 working days for a refund. It is now April 2022 and I have yet to receive my refund, despite following up multiple times with the airline. I dont understand why it would take over 5 months to refund my credit card.
  First time flying with Airasia. Hospitality and customer service was excellent. I arrived late in airport due to my car got an accident and check in gate was closed. However upon requesting airline staff that I have international connection, they allowed and assisted me in getting to the aircraft. A very big thank you to AirAsia India for making my travel successful.
  Flew from Varadero to Toronto April 8, 2016.  Flight was scheduled for 840 PM, but flight was delayed for no reason to 1050 PM. Then it was delayed to 1150 PM. Did not actually board until midnight and plane actually took off April 9 at 1220 AM. Cubana didnt offer any reasons for delay. They offered us all a snack at 1030 PM to appease our anger. This was my fourth flight with Cubana and 3 of those flights were delayed by 2 or more hrs. They dont seem to try to keep any of their timings. Totally unprofessional. I wouldnt recommend Cubana Airlines. Maybe a lot cheaper than flying with someone else but you get what you pay for.
Fuerteventura to Las Palmas with Canaryfly, and a really good value company. The most basic seat price included 6 kg hand baggage and 20 kg hold baggage, plus basic refreshments. Checkin, boarding and flights were all totally without incident. A minor request tea would be a nice alternative to coffee. The outward flight was no more than half full and the flight back cant have been more than a third full. With so many nonSpanish local residents and visitors I think it would be a very worthwhile investment for them to provide their website into English. It was clearly the intention the icon is there but Im sure it would pay off to do it sooner rather than later. The market is surely there but Ive spoken to many local residents who had never heard of the company!
Cabin crew fantastic as always. Have flown every week with this airline since it started in April 2015. The flights were 104 euros return. The cheapest flight now for a commuter to London is £204 euros if you book months in advance. That is 4 times the price of Ryanair. If you dont book in advance a commuter flight is well over 300 euros. Its just not worth it travel to Cork or Dublin and save yourselves thousands a year if you commute regularly.
 Bangkok to Siem Reap via Pakse. Cancelled a regular service flight with less than a week to go, and left me scrambling to find an alternative. Orbitz was no help, and Lao wouldnt even to respond to their requests. Had to cancel my entire trip, thanks to Lao Airlines.
HOP! provides since a few time a regular travel from Pau to Paris by small jets CRJ700. Tickets are cheap and services are the same as Air France so it is a good value. I never had problem with this company Im used to take. Services are good. Travel are all regional in France so very short. Seat comfort does not take the same part as longhaul.
 SQ937 DPSSIN on 050923 as first leg of return trip from SE Asia with Hubby. The flight used a 78X and it was full of vacationers mostly families, and many of them may have not traveled by air before so it takes time to line everybody up for boarding. Boarding was done by zones and it was a good thing that boarding time was an hour before departure time, because ground staff had to weed out people lining up not in their boarding zone. The flight attendants were as usual with SQ, very nice courteous and polite, and very helpful even with the most clueless passengers. Soon we were all seated and left just 15 minutes behind. Service started as soon as the plane level off, and the FAs were very efficient yet friendly and communicative. One of them even gave us our second round of Singapore Sling without us asking, and we really appreciate him! For a short 2 hours flight the FAs were able to do two beverage service and a meal in between, and that must be quite a challenge for them! The meal offered are using their new sustainability concept, with paper containers and bamboo cutlery so they can be recycled. We found this an excellent proof that SQ is serious in their effort to go green and reducing use of nonbiodegradable materials like plastics. The paper container is quite sturdy and even retains good heat for my Nasi Lemak. The portion was a bit smaller but the taste is just the same compared to past ones I had on SQ. The FAs on this SQ flight wears the mask at all times, as part of their companys safety awareness effort. The cockpit crew gave information about the flight plans before we leave and current Singapore condition just before we start our descent, and we arrived just 10 minutes behind schedule. Overall this is another great flight with SQ.
  Flew Edinburgh to Stornaway on Fri 25th June. Flight no LM0343 at 1210 hrs. The cabin stewardess possibly called Jenna was possibly the best ever. Her attention to the passengers and general persona was fantastic. Whatever Loganair are paying her, its not enough!
  Okinawa to Seoul. I will never choose Asiana again. They checked my baggage through without asking and didnt apologize. Ground service rude and not able to speak English to me. 
  Baggage weight is lower than other airlines. Returned from Germany and boarded Spirit 34 lbs overweight. 100.00 charge. Charges for everything from inflight everything to WiFi. 
 Paris to Mauritius. Rows of seats too narrow, no legroom  crammed together like in a cage. WiFi is only offered against payment. Unfriendly staff and not available for night flights. Must have slept by yourself. No food, just something indefinable cold. You got a voucher to get yourself cold food in a shop at CDG airport, and that on a flight of more than 11 hours. Not a normal continental breakfast, but rather something indefinable. The only point of light, the flight captain. Great flight and landing. Airline not recommended. 
 For this flight I was connecting from a flight from London and when originally booked there was an over 3 hour transit time, however Bangkok Airways then cancelled this flight and we were booked on an earlier flight with only a 70 minute connection time. Our flight from London arrived late due to the Pakistan airspace restrictions and although we were met by a lady from Bangkok Airways and rushed across the airport we did not make the connection as the lady was not able to use any pressure to expedite the delay at transit immigration at security. However Bangkok Airways did get us on the later flight and the 4 hours in their lounge at BKK was ok! Once on board the A320 was quite tired and the seat cushions past their best. The flight arrived on time and they managed to serve a hot drink and a pastry in the 1 hour duration. In spite of the missed connection our luggage arrived on the flight so this was good!
Paris to Tel Aviv with group of around 35 charter no problems. Return a week later  big problems. Flight due to leave around 2100 delayed as plane had not yet left Paris. No explanation. After several false starts finally informed no flight until next day. Agency found us a hotel very good. Next day after a few time changes finally left at 1930. Explanation of previous days problem mechanical and crew unavailability. Crew aboard our flight volunteered. Good people lousy company. Too small and probably not profitable enough to meet obligations. Surely destined to close shop before long.
  Boarding in a slaughterhouse queue in terminal 2, chaotic boarding, almost at a standstill at the front door of the plane, impassable corridor, no agility. In my seat was a lady who took the liberty of sitting there and pretended not to know her seat so that she could sit next to what I assume was her companion. When the flight attendant was called, she soon revealed her seat, but now the aisle was jammed and it was impossible to go to the front, so I sat in the seat that was possible, next to an individual who spent the whole flight bothering me and despite having a vacant seat by the window. 
 I booked a flight to Madrid from Dusseldorf for 09.07.2019. The flight was cancelled last minute after midnight and we were just informed via email about an alternative flight which includes a stopover London and which required 3 times more time to reach. And even we didnt approve this change they dont refund the tickets cost or any other action. We did not get on the alternative flight we did not opt for. After attempting to reach customer services via telephone they wanted us to open a ticket because they cannot see the incident in their system. And after opening a ticket and waiting for 5 more days we did not receive a refund but a joke Dear Customer, we apologize for the inconvenience caused by the incident on your flight I23137 dated 9072019. In order to carry out our daily operation, we depend on external factors that are beyond our scope of control and before which we have no possibility of action. Our main objective is to offer a better service to our customers every day and reduce the impact of these factors on their experience. Unfortunately, and despite our efforts, in this case, we were not been able to prevent our customers from being affected. We thank you for your understanding and reiterate our apologies for not having fulfilled your expectations. We hope your next flights are satisfactory. Thank you for continuing trust in Iberia. Kind regards, Iberia Express Customer Services
We highly recommend the staff at Jeju airport. We were booked Jeju to Busan, Busan to Gimpo. Our flight from Jeju was delayed and we would have missed our connection in Busan. The checkin staff were incredible when we queried if they could assist us, they changed our bookings to a direct flight with only 15 minutes to do this. 2 lasses retrieved our luggage for 4 people, not light from the original flight, hauled it to the check in desk so we could confirm they had our luggage  all correct, then down onto the tarmac into the plane. This was all completed within approximately 15minutes. It was brilliant of the staff. They were crediting us with the change flight we had incurred earlier and missed the button  it become a payment,  this was not an issue for us, it was only $37.00 Australian and the service those girls gave us was quite unbelievable. Flight was good too.
  Auckland to Shenzhen. The only good thing was the staff were friendly, airline food normally isnt the best but my food was uneatable on my return trip and they ran out of my choice for breakfast. I went to change my booking this was a very slow process and difficult. I wouldnt use again. No charging point for devices in economy.
Flew SmartWings from Madrid Prague. Boarded the aircraft and was greeted by a nice older gentleman flight crew. I was a bit apprehensive when boarded as the plane appeared very old and inside really required a bit of a clean. Arrived at my seat and was actually not that surprised to find left over chips and a lettuce leaf. Cleaned this myself, then sat down by the window. It was very hot inside the plane, and we waited as one pax did not show so luggage had to be removed from the hold. Finally ready, the safety demonstration starts, Im expecting the flight crew to take their positions  but no one around, the flight crew seriously disappeared. The safety video says We will now show you the emergency exits of this aircraft, still no crew anywhere. Furthermore I was sitting behind the over wing exits, the crew did not instruct any of the pax in those seats what to do in case of an emergency. Despite this the crew came through the cabin once on a 2 hour and 40 minute flight  same older gentleman, he was pleasant enough, the lady working with him looked annoyed and it was obvious she wasnt happy for some reason. I felt this was a very low low Budget Airline and it showed. Lots of room for improvement though.
 Santiago to Buenos Aires. Excellent. No problems at all. Will fly again. Great staff at both airport and plane crew, clean aircraft, comfortable seat for economy class flight departed on schedule and arrived 10 minutes before.
  Personnel au sol et navigant trs agrable et attentif. Bonne ponctualit . Les siges sont confortables en conomie tout comme en sleeper eco . Trs bonne qualit de services de manire gnrale . Les repas sont galement de qualit. Le transit  Astana est trs facile et les connexions sont bonnes. Trs bon rapport qualit prix pour cette compagnie que je recommande vivement. Staff on the ground and navigator very pleasant and attentive. Good punctuality. The seats are comfortable in economy as in sleeper eco. Very good quality of services in general. Meals are also quality. The transit to Astana is very easy and the connections are good. Very good value for money for this company that I highly recommend.
  Pro good serviced minded from Thai Asien cabin crews Con uncomfortable seat, very low service mind from other cabin crew. No appetite food. No drink service. No coffee and tea served with breakfast. It was not worth for me to pay 2500 euro for this travel. Finnair is no longer my choice of travel.
  Siem Reap to Bangkok. I flew on an old A320 that seemed to be a bit tired, the paint in the outside of the aircraft was showing signs of age. Regardless, the flight experience was reasonable, very timely and service onboard was really good. Recommended.
On this not exactly Blue1 cheap flight where you dont expect much the service was terrible. We had two very small children with us and we didnt get anything for them no greeting, no good seats, no extratreatment like we got at other airlines of the same price range and although it was a lunchtime flight 1215pm there was nothing to eat offered  only tea, coffee and water. Not even juice for the kids! And once the service started the stewardess skipped our row the one with the 2 babies! and continued the service further down and the other stewardess parked her cart right in front of our row for about 510 minutes Im not exaggerating serving other guests, collecting something here and there while my kids were crying because they saw the water in front of their eyes and were thirsty. After waiting forever I asked the stewardess behind me whether I could please get some water, she told me to talk to her colleague. When I finally catch her attention, was so grumpy that I had complained that she looked like she wanted to pour the drinks on my lap. The worst service I have experienced.
  Dont fly with them. I have flown with then twice this month and both times on my flight home, my flight was cancelled. The first time they were late and missed their time slot. The second time they overbooked the flight. The last straw was when they wouldnt let me order a beer with the dinner credit they gave me at the hotel they put us in. A free meal and drink was the only silver lining that I was looking forward to out of this entire situation and they tore that away. Dont fly with them.
ATHSOF on Q400 noisy plane. During the 1 hour 5 min flight they offered sandwich refreshments or wine and coffee  tea with a croissant. Food was very bad and tasteless. Staff was professionals and friendly. Flight was on time. Appearance of plane was clean.
  Vistara has for some time been the benchmark in Indian aviation with amazing service and attentive staff. Unfortunately due to personal issues, I was unable to fly for the last 4 months of so and was happy to be back in the air for a trip to Delhi on Vistara. I blocked the first row of economy class since the fare difference between economy and premium economy was quite high for the travel date. While the ground experience remains consistently good pre and post boarding. the inair experience in economy has been quite degraded. For a morning 6 am flight, Vistara did not offer teacoffee in economy class. The breakfast was very poor and my omelette was inedible. No condiments except a small roll and butter on offer.  Now coming to the Club Vistara program. I called up Vistara, 2 weeks prior to my flight, as I had 2 Upgrade vouchers and wanted to use one and asked them to recommend a flight on which I could use my upgrade voucher any flight and ok with either Eco to Prem Eco or Prem Eco to Business and I was told that no upgrades available even 2 weeks before flying. Imagine my surprise that i could see at least 23 empty seats in premium economy in the flight i was traveling in. 
  Boston to Ponta Delgada with SATA. Just like every other airline tryingg to scrape every last dollar out at any cost. Lights stayed on on the overnight flight, no free booze, no TV, terrible food, very small seatsleg room, flight departure changed times  2 hours several times without notice due to poor logistical planning on their part. 
  Received an email at 3pm on day of travel to let us know that the ZurichCape Town leg of our flight had been moved from 10pm that evening to 8am the following morning. Annoying but compounded by fact that the Amsterdam to Zurich leg of our flight had also been cancelled and it was therefore impossible to get to Zurich in time to catch the delayed flight to Cape Town. Edelweiss offered no explanation, apology or assistance so had to rebook flights for my family and I, cancel and rebook hire car at extra cost and rebook accommodation as would now be arriving after midnight meaning that we lost a day of our holiday as well. On our return I wrote to Edelweiss to request compensation only to be told that as they are a Swiss airline they do not need to do so and therefore would not  their reply as follows Edelweiss adheres to the legal texts of the prescribed ordinances and we therefore stick to our previous statement. The legal text of Regulation EC 2612004 does not provide for compensation in the case of delayed flights. For final clarification, we refer to the judgment of the district court Blach, 02.02.2016, which has become legally valid and published No compensation payments are due for late flights to and from Switzerland. Allinall a terrible experience with a terrible airline  customer service  zero. Avoid
  Milan to Palermo. We paid extra for an assigned seat only to be told no seats were assigned and we could sit anywhere vacant. Staff at check in and boarding gate vague about reasons. Im trying to claim back the additional money we paid via their online claim form. It is very user unfriendly and keeps asking for a claim form number. Extremely frustrating
 Absolutely disgusting. Two flights delayed, which caused me two connecting flights so I had to buy new ones. Zero help. The first cancelled flight Icelandair didnt even tell me they had delayed the flight to the day after, as the travel agency only told me the ticket was cancelled. I had to buy a hotel and another ticket because of the missed connecting flight. I tried calling their customer service but was basically told they cant help with anything. The added expenses have cost more than the first tickets and rather than spending 7 hours on the flight Ive spend over 48 hours and sleeping in Keflavik airport on the floor.
  Flight was originally scheduled May 12 from FNT to LAS. We received an update flight was being delayed reason given was that there was air traffic controller issue at LAS. FAA site confirmed that a runway had to be closed etc. The problem here is a few mins after the announcement I saw the pilot walk off the plane with all his belongings. But the gate agents continued to update as flight is delayed. Hours later the airline gave an update calling it an extended delay and the flight will not leave until May 13. I thought it was odd that the pilot who left never returned. Because the pilot got tired of waiting he decided not to fly at all. The crew from May 13 advised us of that. So we missed a vacation day, lost money on nonrefundable tours, etc all be use Allegiant pilot through a childish temper tantrum for a 3 hour delay. We could have flown and made it to the destination on May 12. Allegiant found a loop hole pertaining to cancellation of flight by calling it an extended delay vs. cancellation. So by doing so they avoid providing refunds for the trip. Not sure about anyone else, but if a scheduled flight does not leave the day its supposed to then that is a cancellation in my book. Allegiant ruined a part of my vacation and we only got a voucher that did not even come close at recovering the money we lost because of a single pilot was tired of waiting. Im astonished that an airline who operates this way is still even around. . This is a low cost airline, and I know that you get what you pay for but there are limits to that even. On a good note airline had to call in a crew to fly us to LAS on their normal day off. That was about the only nice thing that came of this.
  Airlink is a high quality airline. I am content with their service and cannot find any fault in them. Used them on a round trip from Namibia to South Africa. The first scene which stood out to me was viewing the plane in real life with the sunbird logo. The food packaging is divine. They had a real life high quality glossy sunbird image on them. First flight I received the Scarletchested Sunbird. Second time was the DoubleCollared Sunbird. The birds are admirable in their colourful feathers and exotic designs. For the menu they began by serving a drink, followed by a sublunch with the option of coffee or tea. A few minutes later, air hostesses came around offering a drink one last time before the planes descent. I am glad they added coffee or tea to the sublunch as the lunch alone is not very filling. My first sublunch consisted of rolled smoked turkey slices, creamy honey mustard pasta shells, butternut and feta salad. For dessert, which was my favourite delicacy of the sublunch, was the custard and jelly topped with white and brown chocolate shavings. Not sure whether thats what it actually is, however that is how I would describe it. Final part of dessert is a gourmet fudge which was over sweetened in my opinion. I have a sweet tooth, however this treat was too sweet. My second sublunch, I forgot to capture the menu of the second sublunch, however I did snap a picture of the food so heres me writing the meal in my own words rice, baloney style beef and corn salad. Dessert was the same as the first meal. Food tasted delicious. I appreciate the sublunch not being too heavy. Plus the flight is shortlived, therefore a heavy meal is not necessary. To add, they have Schweppes lemonade on board. The refresher towel which came along the sublunch was useful in sanitising my hands and dining tray. The Embraer190 is small but durable.  Return trip I booked a window seat with grand views. It was fascinating viewing the outline of South Africa colliding with the massive blue waters of the Atlantic Ocean, with all the shaping exactly how its portrayed in the maps. When flying over Windhoek I gazed through my window and was blown away by the 42 000 feet view of Windhoeks terrains. Below me was a collection of mountains and shrubs. Airlink is gentle with luggage and cabin crew is polite and hospitable. A free copy of Airlinks inflight magazine in the front pocket. There is no in flight entertainment, which is understandable since the flight was short lived. It is worth mentioning if you intend to tag a suitcase along as hand luggage, they will collect it preflight and you shall receive it on arrival since the overhead cabins cannot accommodate larger suitcases. Airlink reminded me flying can be an enjoyable experience.
  Avoid at any cost! I had booked a flight to travel from LHR to Thessaloniki via Athens on the 19th of December and after some weeks they sent me an email that they had canceled the flight. They offered me a free reschedule and I rebooked one for the 17th. I also booked my tickets to get to LHR with National Express. A week from the flight date they send me another email telling me that the flight has been rescheduled once again, but it departs from Luton! One week prior to my flight and during Christmas time there is no way for me to get there either via train or coach. So, I either have to pay for a very expensive cab to get to Luton, which I have no idea how I can afford, or I will be stuck away from home for Christmas. It is a very disappointing experience and shows a lack of professionalism and respect toward their customers. I would not suggest traveling with them and to try and avoid them at any cost, as I have traveled with various airline companies for many years and it is the first time coming across such a problematic situation.
  Manchester to Hurghada. Checkin at Manchester was horrible, line was massive. Our flight was around 1 hour delayed and was not informed about the reason although requested. The flight had no IFE, and therefore was boring. Was instructed by cabin crew to fill in a form for when we arrived in Egypt, no pen was handed out so had to ask other passengers to borrow one, which we thought was not acceptable. Would only fly shorter routes with TUI in the future, unless we were on a Boeing 787.
  KQ257 from Antananarivo getting late for more than an hour causing passengers missing connections at their own costs with bad customer care and in addition, poor bag management. Passengers losing bags with bad tagging. We had to spend more than 2 hours waiting for baggage tracking. Incompetent staff on duty with no respect towards passengers. Everything today was pathetic.
  While boarding a plane to Santorini and despite of having all required covid related documents, Iberia Express did not let us board the flight. Further, they did not take our bags off the airplane. Since we did not make the flight to Greece, we stayed in Spain without our luggage and had to buy the essentials to last few days. We are back in USA now and still dont have our bags and its been 5 days. Iberia customer service is terrible, their luggage tracing system is a complete mess, rude uncaring staff on the phone and in airport unwilling to help. 
 This company is a complete joke. Both flights were delayed. 10 years ago, Air Canada came up with Rouge to be able to compete with a few low costs company who were supposed to be starting across Canada. 10 years later, they sell their tickets 1200$ Montreal Miami you get the low cost comfort and service but at a full price. Please, get rid of this awful company. Passengers are seated like animals. There is no space to move at all. The legroom is very small and the seats are not comfortable.
  When flying from Brussels to Malta on December 27 I was once more confronted with the total incompetence of Air Malta. Official Air Malta luggage voucher was not recognized by incompetent checkin staff and caused a 30 min delay at checkin. Special sized luggage did not arrive with the flight they said, but very probably badly handled by incompetent luggage handlers at Malta Airport. This is my conclusion because was found back before any other flight from Brussels arrived. Air Malta was not capable to make the late luggage delivery in time before 1700 driver could not be reached, and after 1800 nobody of Air Malta answers any phone. Only after 1900 the luggage was delivered by a driver that was not even capable to ring a doorbell or use a mobile phone, but made his presence clear by claxonning. I did not receive any calls back after 1800 from Air Malta, so there is a general incompetence to pass any messages between staff, or even in a general sense. So even with staff quality Air Malta joins the race to the bottom of the cheapest airlines.
  Very much disappointed with the customer service provided. I have booked my flight from Singapore to kochi via srilanka. On the date Nov 11 When I booked my flight, there was no direct flight from Singapore to india. A week after booking government announced there will be direct flights from Singapore . Since then I was contacting every week to Srilankan airlines checking about my flight status. Last week a customer service officer told me that my flight is confirmed on Dec 19th but he said there is a travel restriction for Indian passport holders till Dec 15th. That means Indian passport holder are not allowed to transit through srilanka. So since my flight was on Dec 19th he said there will be chance for extension of this restriction so he suggested me to contact them on Dec 15th to check about it if it is extended they will cancel the flights and fully refund. After that yesterday 10122021 had heard that India is extending the travel restriction till jan 31st 2022. As part of that I called again to SriLankan airlines to check status of flight, this was very very very disappointing answer from their side. The customer service person told me that my flight is confirmed but since the travel restriction is extended and I am holding a Indian passport I need to check with Indian embassy whether I am allowed to enter India. I cant understand how come SriLankan airlines is flying to Kochi since India as extended the travel restriction till 31st Jan. On the other hand if there was a restriction for Indian passport holders you are not allowed to sell tickets for them. What if I get stuck in srilanka. 2nd thing they told me that since their flight is confirmed if I want to cancel there will be cancelation fee. And it depends upon the agency which I have purchased ticket. I really felt like they are trying to make me cancel my tickets so that they dont have to refund me. Really pathetic.
 I was fortunate to check in for my flight back to the USA the night before the flight. The challenge for me, though, was being able to check in my bag right at an hour before departure from Seoul, as I was afraid that I wouldnt be able to make it to the airport in time via public transport in the early morning. Happily, that wasnt a problem. I was able to make it to the checkin gate right on time, the staff were friendly and checked my bags with no issues. Gate staff in Seoul and Taipei were pleasant. The flights to Taipei and then to Los Angeles were dramafree. I found the cabin and lavatories clean and staff courteous. I did find the seats slightly more cramped maybe just my perception and inflight entertainment and meals to be a little boring, though, compared to previous experiences using JAL and Singapore, these still fare better than most North American carriers in my opinion. All in all, a positive experience returning to the USA. Ill value professionalism and cleanliness, with friendliness as a bonus, any day before watching the coolest new Hollywood flick.
  I was flying with SmartWings to Prague on June 19. My flight has been almost 5 hrs delayed and rather than midnight, we landed in Prague at almost 5am. Things like that can happen and this is why there is a regulation which protects the passengers and stipulate compensation in case of significant delay. I have requested to get compensated, but get no reaction from the airline. Therefore, I have forwarded my claim in registered letter on Sep 9th. Again, a radio silence. In January, I have made my claim through the web page of the company. No reaction! It is crystal clear, that SmartWings is simply ignoring not only the civilized business practices and displaying terrible customer attitude, but they also choose to disrespect the respective laws and regulation. And taking the conclusion never ever use SmartWings.
  Flew Los Angeles to Beijing via Incheon on Asiana, Flight 203231, returned via Shanghai Pudong to LA via ICN on Asiana 362204, on September 1127. Flight out from LA was about an hour late departing. Ticketingbaggage check at LAX pretty hectic. Flew A380 upper deck economy on LA to Incheon, row 75. Upper deck Economy on Asiana is 242. Had window and aisle seat, large storage compartment next to window. Legroom was just average. Asiana does not offer a premium economy, but charges $100 extra for some bulkhead rows with extra legroom. Service was friendly and efficient. Korean food option was very good. Inflight entertainment was comprehensive with US, Korean and world movieTV options. ICN to Beijing leg was scheduled to be an A330, but they substituted an A321 that was only half full. Two hour flight departed and arrived ontime. It was uneventful, and was served a breakfast with a choice of western or Chinese food. The return from Shanghai Pudong was on a packed new A350. Seating was 333 and the first 4 or 5 rows in economy had a couple of extra inches of legroom, for $150 extra. Since it was less than a 2 hour flight I chose not to pay extra. The A350 had seatback entertainment system with a full compliment of movies and TV from both US and Asian sources. We were served a warm lunch, again with western or Asian food choices. We stayed over for 2 nights in Seoul before returning to LA on Asiana flight 204. Checkin at Incheon went very smoothly, using a self check terminal to generate a boarding pass and then dropping our bags. At bag check, the Asiana clerk gave us a pass to use expedited customs clearance. It was very short line, and customs and security took less than 5 minutes. The Seoul to LA leg was again in an A380. This time we sat in the main cabin which is 343 arrangement. We chose the centre section, so you are only 1 seat away from the aisle. Again, the food options were Korean or western and we chose the Korean option which was very good. I find the Asiana flight attendants to be excellent, friendly and helpful. We ordered wine with dinner, and in a vain attempt to sleep on the flight we asked for a second glass of wine. The flight attendant brought our second glass and several snack packets for both of us. I have heard some complain about hard seats on Asianas A380s. Im not sure that they are any worse than the economy seats on any airline. Frankly, in my opinion, spending 1012 hours in any economy seat is tiring on my behind. Overall, Asiana is not quite at the standards of Singapore or EVA, but they are far, far better than any US flagged carrier, at least in Economy.
Traveled from Omaha to Honolulu with 4 connecting flights total. We had a large family with 7 children. On each and every flight children were put in different rows from parents. We were able to switch with other passengers but with little help from staff. One of my daughters was traveling with an eight year old and a three year old. The children were placed in different rows and seats on a 7 hour flight and told there was nothing they could do. Another daughter of mine had an infant and was twice placed in an exit row being told A They cannot sit there B You will have to find someone to switch with. No fault of their own when they assigned the seats. My daughter was also told on our third flight that they could not gate check the babys stroller. For what reason? No idea. We travel often and understand there are occasional mishaps. Unfortunately this pattern was consistent throughout our trip. We are hoping not to have to travel US or American again.
  This is a terrific airline! The low, low price had me wondering but I had a fantastic experience I have flown on many airlines both nationally and inter nationally and this was great!. The check in was fast and the people very friendly. The seats had more leg room than I have had in many years. The under the seat storage was also very roomie probably due to the fact that there are only 2 seats on a side rather than the usual 3 seats wedged in the space. The flight was direct which only took 1 hour and 11 minutes to Long Island, N.Y. rather than the 34 hours on other airlines. I paid the small fee to check a large bag and it was worth it. The luggage came out fast after my flight. Its no frills so you have no free drinks or food but come on, for an hour flight at these prices I can do without even though they did sell food and drinks .I would very happily fly Breeze anywhere it goes and will recommend this great airline to everyone.
  Hong Kong to Kaohsiung. Check in service was efficient. The plane depart on time. However, it was using the old economy seat, quite disappointing although it was equipped with personal TV. The screen was not sensitive compare to the new cabin I had experienced. They offered a full hot meal even in a just 70 minutes flight, quite supprising. Cabin crew was attentive.
  Milan to Stockholm via Prague. In my personal top 3 worst airline in Europe. The only time I had to fly with them for business I got delayed because of the rain in Prague. I missed my connection and then the usual happened  no indication where to go, priority line closed at transfer desk, having to wait for hours to get another flight, staff giving incomplete indications etc. My day of work was lost because of them. Compensation was almost nonexistent.  If your flight as any little problem, they will let you down.
  Seoul Incheon to Tokyo Narita. Cheap ticket and wasnt expecting much but the plane was very dirty and tired looking. My seat back tray had clearly been used as a kids colouring book at some point on a previous flight and was covered in long stripes of multi colored crayon. I didnt purchase any food on the flight so I didnt need to make use of the tray so not a big deal though. The seat pocket and the sides of my seat were utterly gross, caked deep with crumbs, food fragments and assorted gunge that was all a bit nasty. No entertainment screens but there were in flight radio channels available which I didnt use as I had my iPod to listen to as usual. The seats were a bit cramped with my knees touching the back of the seat in front Im 6ft tall so nothing particularly new on an LCC flight. When I put my bottle of water in the seat pocket I had to sit at an angle so I could fit in the space as well. The flight itself was smooth enough, the cabin attendants were polite and friendly and we got to our destination without any delays of troubles. Not the cleanest plane Ive ever been on but we got from A to B cheaply
  Los Angeles to Male via Shanghai. I was a bit skeptical of flying China Eastern but I will have to say I was very pleasantly surprised. The crews on all four flights where great. While their English wasnt top notch it was better than my Chinese so have to give them points for that. Service was decent if a bit more subtle than say CX or SG. Food was on par with US international long haul in business, but did notice the crew tended to not give the nonChinese passengers the Chinese snack option. After the second flight I realized this and ordered the Wonton Soup as my snack on the remaining two. The seats where fine, again on par with standard long haul business even if the cabin was a bit warm. Couldnt figure out how to get the WiFi to work and yes we did register prior to boarding with their app. We did the 144hour transit Visa and spent a couple days in Shanghai before heading to Male. Was laid out in easy to follow signage. On the return we did a longer layover and the Lounge in the new terminal was good. It did tend to get crowded in waves over the course of our 6 hours there. My only gripe was none of the showers where operational because new and water no good yet. But all in all, have to say it was certainly worth the money and would fly them again.
  Penang to Subang. We have been informed by the crew mentioned that the flight been delayed due to the engineer who supposed to sign the document is absent and we have to wait another 45 minutes, due to ethical and poor management. We can accept any delay due to technical problem, but not this excuse. We regret to express our frustration for the mistake not present to work by one single engineer. 
  I recently travelled from Bagdogra to Delhi via Guwahati and my biggest mistake was to choose Go First. I booked this flight since it was a morning flight and I had to reach Delhi early but my flight got delayed by 4 hrs, and since I wasnt aware of this I reached airport early. The airport staffs were so rude they refused to take my luggage. So i waited there for few hours and finally my luggage was taken with rudeness. When I thought it was all over it was just the beginning of a worst nightmare. After waiting for few hours I got to know our flight was again delayed by 50 mins. We kept on waiting and just when we thought they will begin the boarding they said the gate no. Has been changes from gate 4 to gate 2! I was already so late and now even frustrated with everything. During the flight the hostesses were so inhospitable, they were very annoyed when other passengers were calling them for help. They were so rude and impolite and surely were unaware of the word kindness. When we were deboarding I couldnt reach my hands to my cabin bag as it had slid inside and I was struggling to get it i asked the hostess to help me with it who was just few feet away standing. Her literal words were  I cant come there you have to do it by yourself Thankfully another passenger heard it and helped me with it. Just wanted a peaceful travel and had my worst nightmare come true. Never going to choose this airline again.
  Totally disappointed even before the start. We should departure at 3.40 am, now were sitting at 6.30 am in the boarding hall in the airport with no information about any other delay beside a delay to 5.45 am. Nobody can go on the plane and everyone is stressed. 
SA Express is going fast downhill. Travellers are recommended to use other airlines as cancellations and delays seems to happen frequently after the World Cup. Just had two flights cancelled and the third delayed on 4th February 2011. Service and information also very poor.
  I had a flight on January 10 2022, Vilnius  Warsaw  New York. Want to thank the nice team of flight attendants who assisted our side. It was an excellent combination of professionalism and sincerity, warmth. Im sure the rest of big team share the same qualities. After Finnair cancelled a flight day before these wonderful ladies make my trip less tense. Big thanks to the young lady and the young man at the service desk who assisted me with my personal request at the departing gate and make my flight comfortable. I dont have high expectations for food on the plane  surprise  dinner was fresh and tasted nice.
 Avoid this Airline at all costs for long haul flights. If you buy a ticket with this airline you only have yourself to blame when things go wrong. For the second time in 2 weeks Royal Brunei have cancelled their Brunei to London flight resulting in delays of more than 12 hours and hundreds of stranded passengers. They knew full well when we left Manilla that there was no serviceable aircraft waiting in Brunei and one was having to be flown in from Jeddah. Despite knowing they had 100 plus passengers arriving their response was nothing short of appalling. Staff giving contradictory info as to what next. Passengers left outside the terminal in the early hours of the morning to wait up to two further hours for 16 seat buses to get checked into a dirty smelling hotel with no food and water provided. Passengers in wheelchairs just dumped outside. The replacement flight was due to leave 11.45 next day this also delayed due to technical difficulties on a different 787. Ground staff could not care less, we had to argue for nearly 60 minutes just to get access to WIFI so we could update friends and family of our late arrival. To top it off despite having our bags in the airport overnight they did not join us when we eventually arrived in London. 28 hours to get from Brunei to London. Ive been flying over 20 years and weve all had delays its part and parcel of long haul travel. The difference here is how Royal Brunei conducted themselves both during and after. They should be absolutely ashamed of the way they treat their customers. Royal Brunei point blank refuse to compensate passangers. Lesson learned I guess, beter to pay that little bit extra and fly with a experienced long haul carrier that holds that 5 star rating.
Flight was delayed by 2 hours, they would have known this at the time of checkin but said nothing until departure time came and went and still no incoming aircraft and even then only when a couple of us demanded an update. On board experience was fine, smooth flight and seat reasonably comfortable. A special mention for the food  I preordered a vegetarian Tomato Koora, this was small and predominantly rice, but has to be one of the tastiest meals I can remember, airline or otherwise. I would fly Tigerair again, but I would make sure as I did this time that I allowed a long gap between connecting flights.
 I have been flown Corendon Airlines twice, GermanyTurkey rt. This trip to Germany was not very different from the trip to Turkey. When arriving at the airport, they had delayed the plane one hour. Of course the delayed doubled before we took off. My opinion is that this company use twice the time on every task, compared to other airlines. When they started boarding, there was a lot of supervisors with their walkie talkies on max volume, trying to divide the passengers into two lines, but no system about their work, like letting the passenger sitting in the back of the plane enter first. The boarding was very slow, never seen such long lines, to get into the plane. The flight itself was like any other flight. After arriving in Dusseldorf, through imigration went very fast, then it was the luggage, so slow delivery. I lost my onward connection. It seems like they are happy with their performance, and that delays are something the passengers must calculate with, when travelling with Corendon air. This was my two first and last flights with this company.
BRULJUBRU. Outward flight on a CRJ200 very nice  comfortable excellent service and a good breakfast. Return flight on a 737 leased from Ukrainian airlines was also reasonable despite the limited legroom. Earning Star Alliance points also a plus  would recommend.
 We have flown Sun Country for years and have always had pretty good experiences. Well, that officially ended today. We booked a short trip before the pandemic to get a little break from our toddler before our second baby came. We never actually went on the trip though Sun Country cancelled the flight because of the pandemic. Fine. We understood. My husband immediately called Sun Country to see if we could get a refund. They refused but did send us an email about an electronic credit we could use toward a future booking. There was nothing in the email about the credit expiring. Today, I tried to use the credit toward a new flight. The website said the voucher was worth $0. So I called the helpline and spent over two hours on hold and speaking to two different agents after getting hung up on by the first one when being transferred to a supervisor. First they tried to say we couldnt use the credit because their records showed that my husband had cancelled the flight, which isnt true. We booked through Bookit.com, and they sent us an email saying they would cancel the flight within the next 7 days if Sun Country didnt cancel it first. My husband didnt call until the flight was actually cancelled. Once we had that established, they said it didnt matter because the credit was only valid for a year from the date it was issued. I told them the email we received about the credit had no expiration date or even a disclaimer that it would expire at all. They said they sent two more emails about it expiring, which we conveniently never received. After getting hung up on by the first agent who was supposed to be transferring me to her supervisor, I had to call back and wait on hold for another 30 minutes to start the whole process over again with a new agent, who said her supervisor had reviewed our case and denied the credit, so she wouldnt even speak to me. I told the second agent I was so disappointed in this whole experience that we wouldnt be flying with them in the future, and she said, I understand. Is there anything else I can help you with? Yepyou can transfer me to Delta Airlines. And please dont hang up on me this time.
 Manchester to Muscat. This was my 5th flight this year with Oman Air in Business. As usual friendly and professional staff. Amenity kit and pyjamas provided. What I did notice was what appeared to be a cut back in service. Pre take off not offered champagne  just water or juice. In terms of drinks service it was very slow and had 1 glass of wine for flight. Food was OK. This was an overnight flight so not really bothered about much alcohol but with most overnight flights you do get some breakfast, however light. None on this flight though. I got a great sleep  seat made all the more comfortable with great mattress topper. For that there is still high marks but I am starting to wonder if costs now being cut. I do hope this small friendly airline with great service does not go the way of Etihad  an airline we always used but now avoid.
  We had an average experience with Turkish Airlines on April 22. We were disappointed that we could not upgrade our seats to Business Class. The legroom in the A321 economy seats were very uncomfortable for a 6 hour journey. We tried to reach out to the call centre in Istanbul to request for an upgrade to Business Class as the flight was an overnight flight between Istanbul and Abu Dhabi. Their customer service was quite awful and would likely will not choose to fly with Turkish Airlines again. 
  There was a delayed departure from Edinburgh airport to Cologne of 2h and 30 min which obviously led to lose my connecting flight to Thessaloniki. I sent an email to ask the compensation of the tickets since the arrival to my final destination was 12h after the original one, since I lost the connection flight and this led to stay in Cologne airport without receiving any refreshments from the airline, no accommodation to sleep, absolutely nothing. When I arrived to Thessaloniki, I sent an email to the company asking for compensation and they replied to my email 8 months later and they said that am not eligible for compensation of the tickets because the delay it was due to unforeseen circumstances which was outside of their control. I will advice anyone who is going to consider Eurowings for their flight to think twice not to mention three times, since the customer service is appalling reply after 8 months from the initial claim is an absolute joke and not accepting to refund for the significant delay when you are eligible for it, is an absolutely disgrace.
  We had a layover in SLC on our trip from Denver to Honolulu. The SLC flight was repeatedly delayed until it ended up being delayed OVER 12 HOURS! Due maintenance and pilot issues. What is absolutely UNACCEPTABLE is that as compensation for a lost day of vacation, lost day of rental car and lost night of hotel we were offered 8000 Sky miles points for two of us who are NOT sky miles members. This is the equivalent to approximately $89. Our third person is being offered a $65 credit to be used on a future Delta flight. This is the most ridiculous amount of compensation I can even imagine. POOR POOR customer service for a MAJOR flight issue that was completely their fault.
  A very enjoyable flight. Check in was easy .There was a slight departure delay. Staff were friendly and helpful. The food served was quite good but it could have been a bit more substantial. They also seem to offer the same dishes on their flights. Desert was a tiny chocolate. However the wine served was excellent. Overall a good flight.
 Breeze was excellent! I was able to check in through the website dont make an account  just enter last name and confirmation number to download my boarding pass. I bought the Nicer ticket, so a checked bag was already included! My first flight out of New Orleans was delayed due to weather, but the crew was very nice and as soon as we were clear for take off we left and the pilot made up a lot of time in the air. Coming home was just as easy as going. The seats were very spacious, the flight attendants were super polite, and the captain was personable too. Fully plan to fly Breeze again. Great experience and a much better price than the big airlines.
 We flew Business class on Iberia from Lisbon to Madrid. The only thing great was priority line at checkin and boarding. Nothing else. Upon arrival in Madrid, all my familys bags arrived. EXCEPT MINE. They couldnt locate it for the entirety of my holiday. I had to purchase clothes and toiletries  day by day! Big inconvenience. Unnecessary expenses.
 Manila to Kalibo with AirAsia Philippines for a Boracay visit. Being a low cost carrier and short flight we didnt expect much except being on time. On the Manila to Kalibo leg our flight was delayed by almost 2 hours with very little communication from the ground staff. We are sitting in the Kalibo departure lounge right now for our return flight to Manila. The flight should have left 30 minutes ago. Ground staff told us that it will be around 45 minutes late. AirAsia website and Flightstats however show the flight to be 105 mins late. No word from the ground staff yet. AirAsias communication is unbelievably miserable. Their customers are forced to inform themselves about their flights departure time. And dont expect your online checkin boarding passes to be emailed or sent to your smart phone. Tried both and we are still waiting. As said before, I dont expect much, but I expect to arrive at my destination on time and be proactively informed if there are delays. AirAsia Philippines gets an FGrade on both. Never again.
  Phnom Penh to Siem Reap. The cabin crew on our flight were amazing. They were smiling and managed to provide every passenger with a beverage on this very short 30 minute flight. We will definitely be using Bassaka Air in the future due to the affordable prices, cleanliness, awesome flight attendants, and speedy service!
  The booking date is 6272023. We were thinking of changing the travel plan but we were not sure. So, on 7122023, one of us used the spirit app to check the terms and payment deduction detail of cancellation because we want to decide whether to cancel or change or just keep it in order protect my benefits. In the app, she clicked the button modify my trip, i.e., cancel or change my trip. It then led her to the cancel button. But she didnt expect after clicking this, the app switched to the website and after uploading a while it cancelled my flights directly and automatically without providing us with the terms and results and the payment detail. Then it led her back to my app, our trip information is all gone. And after the system cancelled our reservation without getting our permission, later the spirit sent an email to Jingyao Li who paid the tickets with a form of money deduction detail and a 10dollar voucher. How dare they to do this without mentioning us about the fee detail and results in the app and when it switched to the cancellation processing on the website. We have spent 394.54 dollars, but in the end, we are forced to be given a 10dollar voucher for future Spirit trip. If we were informed that we cannot get refund and the payment detail of cancellation when clicking the button in the app, we would have not used to app to click it. The Spirit company has the obligation to notice the customers about the fee detail and terms agreement option when they click cancel button to let them know the detail not just cancelling directly and automatically without customers permission. Besides, there are three of us. The app didnt provide us with the chance to decide whether to keep it or more changes but directly switched to the website and cancelled all of our reservation. It was crazy and unbelievable. we tried hard immediately to contact with the staff, but they said the website showed flights were cancelled and they can do nothing for us. So, whats the point of asking the staff for help if everything the company relies on is the noncustomer friendly website and tricky app. Due to their refusal of any help about our case, we have to rebook and reschedule our trip. Our request is that Spirit gives us full refunds of this payment fee $394.54. We were very disappointed because we got nothing, no flights, no service and no help. They used their system bug to try to pass the buck and got our money. We have nerve seen such an unreliable airline company.
Very pleasant flight from Kolkata to Paro with Druk Air. Friendly and efficient cabin crew. Nice snack and drinks. Even got boiled sweet for landing. Superb scenery en route, especially as we approached Paro of course. Have no idea of cost as was booked as part of package but overall excellent.
  Just before boards l was assisted by ticket agent Samantha for 10am flight May 31 returning to Atlanta GA. Due to leg pain it was imperative for me to upgrade my seat to a larger one. The care and courtesy I received from her was beyond her call of duty and l will never forget her genuine concern in assisting me. So many times as customers we are quick to complain but never stop to say a simple Thankyou! Thanks again Spirit for having such wonderful team members aboard!
Fort Lauderdale to Grand Bahama Island with Bahamasair, and one of the worst I have flown. Customer service totally lacks. Only one flight on Saturday and our plane got delayed in Tampa, missed flight. Had to pay huge change fee and they did not offer a refund or help. Never use this airline!
  Flight from Riga to Munich. Should have been leaving at 5.35 pm, when we got to the airport, no indication of delay, however, flight was delayed by more than two hours, no room for hand luggage, got stored throughout the aircraft, when asked for this staff super unfriendly, said you can wait when leaving the aircraft
 Tel Aviv to Rome. I flew with an infant and by the gate they told me I wouldnt be able to take my carry on with me that I would have to take everything important out and check it in. As much as I pleaded that im flying with an infant if they could reconsider they were nasty and wouldnt budge while allowing other passengers on with their carry ons. Only to get worse when we arrived in JFK we found out that our carry on luggage was never checked in it was left in Tel Aviv with a promise to get it delivered within 2448 hours as of now its more then 48 hours and I still didnt get my luggage with no one contacting me about it. They were nasty and unreasonable.
 Doha to Mumbai. Excellent Service. Always on timw. Good seat quality and leg space. Best cabin crew in response, service. Very good healthy food. Good laugage handling. Excellent take off and landing. Very good checkin assistance.
  On our way back to the United States I had my younger sister, grandmother and aunt with me. It already started off bad when the lady at the counter said that my sister wouldnt be able to receive her ticket because we simply didnt put her second last name. Though that lady was really understanding, it was when the time to get on the plane that angered me and people around me. They had switched the plane number stations last minute without telling anyone. The counter people were rushing us and hurrying us and even end up yelling at me and my sister pushing us to the side separating me and my grandmother which is what i was trying to avoid as she cannot read or write. I had tried asking for help as it was the first time flying and without my parents to help guide us. Counter lady was yelling at everyone but didnt want to help because she wanted everyone on the plane at a certain time even though they started check ins very late. We then encountered the same issue again about my sisters ticket not having her second last name and when i tried explaining to the lady that the people downstairs said it was fine she kept interrupting me asking for my last name. I was visibly frustrated as i was already separated from my grandmother. As i was able to meet up with my grandmother a lady behind me was complaining about the same thing about being rushed. We both talked about it as it was frustrating because many of these people are boarding with grandparents and are doing double the work with their own ticket and their grandparents ticket. I hope volaris can do better as it just looks like that the attendants feel special and higher up than everyone around them.
  Scam airline. Announced 1 hour before departure that the airplane had a technical problem. Though clear to us that there werent enough passengers. Miraculously, enough seats available on the Boston flight 2 hours later  except for the very unlucky 8 people at the end of the line, who got a hotel voucher and big sorry. Basically they are canceling transatlantic flights and stuffing other flights. 
 My Review is about Jet Blues administrative policys. I spent hours picking out the right flight that met my needs for our vacation. A few weeks after booking Jet Blue cancels my flight and assigns me another flight. This new flight the picked for me was awful I would miss a whole days vacation because my original flight landed at 10AM and new Flight landed at 1115 PM to my destination. My return flight switched from getting me home on a Sunday to a redeye arriving home on a Monday. Just didnt fit my needs and obviously a cheaper flight than I had booked. JetBlue allows you one change however they had NO FLIGHTS nonstop going to and from my destination. I called an agent to try and work things out however things went from bad to worst. They would refund my money but they would only put the money in a JetBlue bank that I could use one for one year. I didnt think this was fair since they made the change and now I was stuck trying to make jet blue work for me. I didnt want to leave money in a bank that I had to use within a year this was my money and they made the change not me. I had to rebook on different days and no longer was there a non stop option they all had at least one stop and a 6 hour trip each way turned into a 10 plus hour trip. Just what I was trying to avoid. I feel like Jet Blue is a bunch of thieves stealing my money and then charging me more money for an inferior flight. Spoke with supervisor and really worthless got the standard line of this is our policy. Whatever happened to treat the customer with respect and make them happy. Not so in this Airlines. I have been a loyal customer for years but lately last three trips things have been going wrong and this is the third time my flights were cancelled after taking so much time to plan. Jet Blue needs a new business plan because they lost this customer.
 I was very pleased with the overall experience on my Nanjing to Chengdu flight with Sichuan Airlines. The staff went out of their way to speak to me in English. All announcements during the flight were in Chinese and English. Although a small tablet was provided in every seat pocket as the inflight entertainment, none of the content was in English. I did watch a movie in Chinese about a dog called Snowee and enjoyed it without fully understanding what was happening. The lunch served was delicious and generous.
  When I first arrived the employees were rude. I arrived terminal 4 around 1 pm. My flight to San Francisco wasnt until 740. I had a long wait. Then it was delayed 2 hrs. So around 11pm we boarded the plane. The pilot said due to weather we had to wait inside for clearance. We waited in that hot smelly aircraft for two hours. Every 30 mins he said we would depart. The steward stayed behind the curtain as we all moaned for air due to low air quality on the plane. A few of us mentioned we felt like passing out. Then they brought out hot water. So what seemed like 3 hrs later they cancelled our flight and many flights. So hundreds of people had to stay overnight. Everyone wanted updates and a new flight. They told us no new flights. We waited in hours for phone as service that offered flights the next day. All the airport agents ran off it was too overwhelming. So I stayed the night at the airport on a bench. Canceled work the next day. All the next day I was walking and talking and checking my phone for updates. A few agents were nearby and set up new flights for me. But every time I checked on my flight it was always at a new gate. And my name was never in the system or the flight dont exist in their system. It was so weird. So going around in circles. Some agents flat out ignored me. I grab lunch at this blue square blue restaurant.  I also ate at this Parisian style breakfast place. Meet a waitress who connected me with the right people to finally get an actual ticket for me out of sfo. So the next day I boarded a plane at 5pm. Again it was another delay. At the end of it the gave me a $15 food card but it was hard to order it online so I didnt use it.
 Nadi to Melbourne. Fiji Airways is really poor, would not recommend. We selected our seat online and upon checkin we were asked to go to the bassinet seats as we have a 1 year old. They advised us no one else would be sitting in the seat next to us. Well they decided to sit someone who could clearly not fit in one seat so took up more than their fare share of my seat. The flight attendants were useless and couldnt find a solution. Food below average. Services TV and headset very aged.
  Kuala Lumpur to Tokyo Haneda. Another great flight with AirAsia, this time with AirAsia X their long haul company and it was fantastic, I could not recommend it enough, low fare, great onboard service. I would recommend booking a seat at the rear of the aircraft if youre a couple as the configuration in economy thins from 3x3x3 to 2x3x2 and I was very happy here.
LUXCDG on a ERJ and back on new Q400. As always both flights arrived perfectly on time. Checkin in a rush but unfortunately the ground staff wasnt the friendliest. Seats very comfortable with plenty of legroom on both types but the best of all were the tasty snacks they served during the short flights. A very pleasant experience!
  Flight cancelled on 322 without any communication we discovered it at the airport the day of the flight, asked refund as stated by European Regulation. No reply from them, further requests followed and they did not pay, though confirmed on 622 that the refund will be paid the day after. Customer care far from being serious, shame on them.
  Absolutely terrible. These people are a bunch of clowns. Avoid at any cost. 22 times flying with this airline, both have been abysmal experiences. First we took off around a half hour late, now for the 2nd time going back, its an hour and counting.
 Hopeless airline! Do not use. Our flight going out was cancelled and we only found out on the morning of the flight! For our return flight, we arrived at the airport to be told they had overbooked the flight by 30 people! Yes, thirty! Therefore were told we could be driven to another airport 3 hours away or wait to get on a flight 2 days later. They confirmed that they had found out the day before but decided not to tell us! The worst airline ever booked with!
  Worst airline company. They cancelled my flight for July 2021 without any information to passengers and no refund of the money. They are cheating customers with a foolish contact centre system, always saying it is busy and all call centre staff are busy even call at midnight  2o clock. 
  Flight from Montreal to Marseille in June 2019 delayed 2 hrs due to mechanical difficulties. We finally take off  3 hrs into flight we turn around  return to Montreal because of mechanical difficulties. Sleep in airport for 4 hours. Board again, and delayed for another 2 hrs. Arrive in France 13 hrs late. We were told to keep our hotel receipts so we could be reimbursed. Not only do they refuse to reimburse us, but they wont even provide name  contact number of a person to speak to  all communications must be done electronically. We went with AC because it was more affordable  between paying for seats  hotel rooms it ended up being significantly more $$. 
  My flight was cancelled 4 days before departure however, the customer service office in UAE did an absolute wonderful job of finding us 2 transfer flights. They were very friendly and attentive to the problem and figured out the difficult task of helping us depart Moscow during a time of limited flights. The main flight itself from Cairo to Washington IAD was comfortable and the cabin crew was friendly. The main dish was tasty and the included travel bag was a nice touch. In general the 12 hour flight was nice and arriving in Washington in the morning was pleasant. All together I was impressed with the airline for the way their customer service handled our problem and the flights themselves. I would only deduct that the snack meal provided could be with less bread.
  We booked ticket from JFK to Madrid but flight was canceled due to covid but they didnt refund money, but provided voucher. Due to travel restrictions we could not travel and anytime we try to book the price is almost twice than I am getting in other better airline so ultimately I am going to lose the money.
 A valuable carrier! Good legroom! A very good one. I took a 1 hr flight so I cannot really review the service. Over all was okay. Boarding was fast and efficient. Nice gesture of having a usb port for the economy seats.
My friend and I flew round trip from Athens to Zakynthos, Greece with Sky Express Airlines. I was a bit apprehensive because I get nervous when taking smaller planes also a propeller plane. Needless to say I had nothing to worry about. These two flights ended up being the most smooth of all our 6 flights in 12 days. There is only one flight attendant on board but both ways they were very friendly! They even give you candy, cookies and beverages, despite the fact that the flights were in total 40 mins take off to landing. I would recommend this airline for any travel within Greece itself. Our first flight was delayed about 30 minutes, but considering the flight time was estimated at 1 hour and ended up only being 40 mins, it didnt make much difference in the end. They also included a free 15kg checked bag at no extra charge, which is more then any other budget airline. Gooder value for you money.
  Guangzhou to Tokyo. Guangzhou is the headquarters of their company, so there are many selfservice checkin equipment at the airport. Although they are unavailable due to the epidemic, their staff are very professional. The checkin counter does not have a long queuing time. The meals on the plane are simple, even it is only a four hour flight time, But the flight attendants provided me with blankets and slippers, the service was very comprehensive.
I requested assisted boarding and seats together for my disabled husband and I, and they sorted it all within 24 hours. We found the Air Malta cabin crew very pleasant and efficient. The snacks of a ham and cheese roll and bottle of water may not have been a cooked meal, but were more than other airlines provide. Tea, coffee plus other drinks were offered for sale, as were snacks. All in all I found Air Malta excellent. We will fly again with them next year, hopefully.
 Flynas is a terrible airline. Always late and never any explanation by cabin crew. A no frills airline with ageing fleet at very high prices. Over $300 single from Dubai to Riyadh. Stay clear of this airline.
  Anchorage to Homer. Last 4 times I have flown with Ravn Alaska my flights been delayed with no explanation given at any point. Starting to think maybe Ravn Alaska just doesnt know how fast their planes go? Other than that i have no issues but waiting an extra hour or more every time i fly is getting old.
  In general, Volotea is a good airline. Every time Ive flown with them everything has been correct  no delays, planes are comfortable and somewhat clean, crew is generally polite and nice. However, there are downsides as in customer service  this last time Ive flown with them, I checked in my luggage at the counter and it arrived with a bit of the zip open  no one would actually give me a coherent answer to my claim, I was left in the hands of automatic responses, etc. Another time, having purchased my seat, I was asked to change it because they  or their algorithm  had seated separately a mother and a toddler. I said I wouldnt change it before boarding as I had paid. To my surprise, a flight attendant confronted me once again onboard, when all passengers had already been sat. That is plain rude and, once again, never got a proper answer after having filled in a complaints form. To sum up, Volotea is better than Ryanair,  but they still need to improve many things. Will keep flying with them though.
  We recently traveled to Bali and had a great trip. It was on the way home that we experienced the best ever experience of a crew member Junho, the the most professional and attentive flight attendant that I ever had. I am just amazed at an employee that takes this much pride in a job. 
  I was so appalled by the poor customer service. I have never been spoken to as rudely as my a Thai Lion Air representative on the phone. I My flight from Bangkok to Bali was rescheduled twice by airline. I rang up. Waited 50mins. I understand Covid19 led to cancellation. What I dont accept is having to wait 60 working days for a refund. Told this is normal and I should be happy. Staff clearly dont care. Asked to speak to manager told no! Ive never known such arrogance and rudeness. Please stay away.
  They took our water off us at the gate so I kept my bottle thinking I could fill it on the plane... wrong. Forced everyone to buy tiny bottles of water but the real kicker was they were cash only. No one was told this of course and anyone who didnt happen to have cash was screwed and could eat or drink. So to stop the outrage they offered free water which turns out wasnt filtered. They damaged my luggage. Oh, and to add insult to injury they wake you up to try and sell you stuff that you cant buy if you wanted to because they dont take card! Horrible airline and will never fly again.
  Its the worst company I have ever traveled my family and our dog. When we were flying to Chania it was an hour late and on the way back to Athens we were told not to take our little daughters hood from the plane. When we picked it up with the suitcases it was broken. Consider afterwards that it became intentional.
  Shanghai to Los Angeles. The worse customer service. I ended up fracturing my leg in Thailand. The flight from Bangkok to Shanghai was good. I did receive good customer service and wheel chair access. However when I got to Shanghai it was horrible. There wasnt a wheelchair waiting for me. I asked if they could order me one and was told no and that one was not ordered by the flight attendants. I saw one of the flight attendants from the flight and she gave them the paperwork and informed them that a wheelchair was ordered. Yes, I was lied to. I had to wait 30 minutes and they would not give me anything to sit on in the meantime. After I finally got the wheelchair I was dumped at the gate. When the agent came to the gate I asked for a wheelchair to the airplane. I was told that one was ordered which wasnt true. I waited and then was told that there wasnt one for me and that I would need to go down to the plane myself. I had to hobble  to the airplane without any help with crutches in one arm and my bag in the other. I was told by the doctor that I should sit in Business and keep my leg propped up. I went and spoke to the manager of the flight attendants. He told me that I could only sit there if I had 15000 yuan. Well I did not have yuans on me since I was coming from Thailand. I was told by a different gate agent that I could pay by credit card. When I told the manager I had a credit card he said sorry only cash. I then tried to show him the letter from the doctor. He would not take or read it. I BEGGED if I could just rest and that I wouldnt eat or drink anything during the flight. I simply wanted to rest my leg since I was in a lot of pain and would be on an 11 hour flight. He looked at my seat assignment and said you have enough leg room with this seat. Business class was only 50 occupied so there was room. For the whole 11 hours I had people trying to jump over and hitting my leg, including the flight attendants.
This flight was operated by Tigerair Taiwan, and redeye flight was 80 full. Food is unique, all is Taiwanese local delight but portion was too small. Seat was almost same with other LCC like Jetstar Asia, Vanilla Air etc.
  Dubai to Mumbai in Air India Express flight no. IX248. The flight is a disgrace and most unpresentable flight I have ever flown with. Seating was very uncomfortable and the seats were completely worn out. The seats were not having the adequate cushioning as well since they had worn out and led to back ache. The flight condition was also not as per the standard and the floor was having marks of liquid spilled or vomit. I have usually observed that the flights bound to India are not up to the mark and will not be as per expectations, as compared to flights bound for US or London. However, this time has been worst. 
 Ground staff  fantastic managed by DNATA Lounge  no under renovation. Voucher provided for FB outlets but not honored by any of the outlets. Boarding  normal. No hassle Welcome  warm and friendly Seat  1F Pro  flat bed, TUMI amenity bag, slippers, sleepwear, Cons  poor condition of seats  maintenance damaged power sockets, Screen size comparable to economy class, poor selection of programs, no storage space in and around the seat, Food  good Staff  super efficient and friendly Lesson  new route doesnt mean new aircraft!! Return  probably when the new aircrafts are deployed
 Fly Dubai asks customers to opt to pay a premium to ensure a flexible ticket, which can be amended without incurring a penalty fee. However, what they do not tell you, is that there will always be a fare difference to pay. This is because their change my booking system is run from a separate, more expensive platform than the regular flight booking platform, ensuring the amended flight is more expensive than the original. Its basically a stealth penalty which is not in their TCs and highly unethical. I would urge all flight search engines to add a warning to customers regarding this fact.
BL268 Jan 30. Flying from Phu Quoc to HCMC. Booked online. Cheap price with no problems. Nice check in nice plane on time nice crew.
  Boarding wasnt particularly efficient at AMS. However, aircraft was very clean, had a nice, new KLM magazine to read, and the staff were friendly and professional. Seat was a bit cramped, and there was no inflight entertainment. Water and little snacks were distributed. Unremarkable, but positively so. Ive always had positive overall experiences flying with KLM, although I wouldnt have wanted to be so cramped if Id flown transAtlantic instead to just Bucharest. Still better than US carriers generally.
  Absolutely awful service. I had a flight booked originally on the 2nd of February 2022. I asked a few days before the flight if it was going to happen they said yes. It was cancelled and they offered my money back or to reschedule the flight for the 05022022 to which I said yes reschedule it. I receive an email with my ticket. On the day of the flight they said I was in the system but not on the plane  after which they told me to go and ask a help desk located in the airport. They said i cannot board the plane, and that the only way for me to fly on the day is to buy a new ticket, and the money to the newly bought ticket would be returned. I sent emails pictures of boarding passes and they said it would take them 2 months to process my issue. 10 months later I did not receive any answer so I emailed them. They returned the money for the first flight which was 150lev cheaper. The money I got refunded was not even the full amount! People are struggling to make ends meet and they dont even bother to fix your issue and in the end they return not even the full amount of money. Absolutely unbelievable! I would never recommend flying with them, super unprofessional!
  The flight has been perfect, the crew are very friendly and the cleaning is great, as well as no waiting. The flights have been quite enjoyable, also with the WiFi on board, you can be entertained.  El vuelo ha sido perfecto,los tripulantes muy amables y la limpieza estupenda,adems de sin esperas . Yan sido los vuelos bastante amenos,adems con el wifi a bordo,puedes estar entretenido
My suitcase was left in Rome by Bulgaria Air. When I asked about how to get it to Sofia, I was informed it was not their fault and I needed to call them to find out when my suitcase was in Sofia. The phone number I received was never answered, and nobody answered my emails. I went back to the airport and I was told, rudely, that it was not their fault and they would bring my suitcase home. My suitcase arrived from Rome but was never delivered to my address and nobody called me with information. Next day, I drove again to the airport after trying to reach them by email and phone, receiving no answer. My suitcase was there but I had to prove, through many documents, who I was. All this in a very rude manner, as if I was interrupting their work and was asking for something extraordinary. The whole time I was treated as if I had no right to ask for my suitcase.
  I have done multiple flights from different airlines in Economy class but have I experienced this discomfort knowing its a 13 hours duration. This aircraft is super duper hot. Its suffocating. No cool air at all that made us feel exhausted the whole flight. Better do something about it because your endangering the health of your passengers.
 This was not my first time flying business with Kenya Airways but it was definitely not the best. The Plaza lounge at LHR was not serving alcohol on the basis that the food was not substantial. Boarding was chaotic  although there was a business line everyone was using it. After eventually getting on the aircraft, and after a long wait, I was offered a small glass of champagne. Seating was oldstyle parallel pair, business was about half full and there were signs of ageing. It then took an inordinate amount of time for the meal to be served  choice was meat or chicken. It was probably the first time ever that the starter and main course were both rice. The flight was uneventful and although not fully flatbed I did manage to sleep. No bottle of water was provided. Breakfast was a small dry croissant, yogurt and a small bowl of fruit. I know airlines are struggling but given how much I paid for the ticket to have a service which was not as good as premium economy on some other airlines was frustrating. If Kenya Airways wants to compete with its rivals it needs to stop pennypinching and offer its business customers a level of service which justifies what they have paid.
  Booked single business class flight from Ho Chi Minh to Manchester, an excellent flight on both legs with their old products. I was disappointed it was not qsuite as i wanted to try it out. Had a great sleep on both legs, crew were friendly and very attentive, especially on the 2nd leg of the flight. Came over on numerous occasions collecting items  asking if I required anything. Food was excellent and tasty, kept the champagne flowing  offering snacks. The business class lounge was excellent serving a la carte menu with full table service, would love to spend more time there. I would definitely fly qatar airways again, hopefully a Qsuite.
 We were told there would be a one hour delay for 9 pm departure. At the end of that 1 hour we were told there be another hour delay. At the end of that hour we were told there would be another hour delay because we were changing planes. We received only 1 communication per hour and no explanation until the last announcement. When finally boarding we were told that due to the late nature of our flight that their own booking people would be rebooking all of our connecting flights for us and they would be waiting at the gate in LA with our new flights and boarding passes. That was a lie, it did not happen. All of us ended up having to go through rebooking in LA after exiting customs and security and nobody from Fiji Airways in LA had any idea why we were there. Most of our connecting flights were all missed and we were on our own booking connecting flights with 2 overwhelmed Fiji Air people. At every point where they said they would have things fixed for us, they lied. Their gate staff at Nadi were completely clueless and could not answer any questions!
POSGEO on 32814  Quick 50 minute flight from Port of Spain to Georgetown. Check in ladies very friendly and fun. Boarding area not much to do  one food shop near the gates. Plane came from Miami and was a branded Air Jamaica plane 737. Flight attendants well dressed and friendly. Boarding was quick and plane was about 70 full. Quick take off and serviced a snack and drink. Landing in Georgetown was smooth and bags were delivered quickly. Overall a nice flight.
  On 02042016 I travelled from London Gatwick to Grenada via Barbados with LIAT. I was due to arrive in Grenada at about 9.20 pm on the same day. To make a long story short, LIAT delayed and eventually cancelled the Barbado to Grenada leg of the journey with no explanation whatsoever to any of its customers. We were placed in a hotel and left all day Sunday 03042016. All efforts to find out when we would leave for Grenada were met with we dont know  even in Grenada my husband was told we dont know. There was little or no communication  no agent consulted with us. It took 8 hours to get from London to Barbados and 48 hours to get from Barbados to Grenada and LIAT did not even say why the aircraft was delayedcancelled. Shame on you LIAT, never again.
I fly with Olympic AthensIstanbulAthens twice a month for the last 3 years and Im very satisfied. They provide nice meals even on short flights. What I dislike is that they partially switched to the Dash 8 Q 400 turboprops from the A320 for some destinations Istanbul included sometimes. Id recommend them.
  Gatwick to Vienna. Purchased priority boarding at both London Gatwick  Vienna however they proceeded to provide everyone who didnt purchase the opportunity of putting their luggage into the hold for free and with that provided them priority boarding. I understand that it is sometimes required to put luggage into the hold however people who have paid extra money for specific services should be allowed to board first however this was not provided. Customer service is very rude and unhelpful  quoting EU Regulations which have nothing to do with it its basic consumer rights, services were not provided.  Horrific airline stay well away.
  Not really specific for the flight information provided above, but when I tried to travel the next time tried to book  cancel. On my previous trip, the flight was delayed by 12 hours. Due to this, we received travel credits of $300 each for the next flights. Now trying to use this credit to book the trip, and wasted hours and hours due to it. Booked a flight that is 23 months away from now to KOA Kona airport, so I thought the ticket price would be pretty stable. We booked the flight through the Hawaiian website, used up all the credit to save up so we ended up paying $118 each it was $418  $300 credit. The next day, we saw the price dropped to $358 per ticket, so we contacted customer service the call was on hold 30 min to either get our price matched or cancel the flight. The customer service representative said I can get $418 full refunded to my credit card, which really didnt make sense so I confirmed it multiple multiple times and the associate confirmed that that is going to be the case. After a week, I only see $118 posted on my card. Contacted them again waiting 30min again, they said they did refund $418 to the card and asked me to contact my credit card bank to confirm the refund amount. Did that and American Express confirmed that they only see $118 from Hawaiian. Called Hawaiian again, holding 30 min again, and finally, they transferred to the supervisor which took another 30 min. Finally, the supervisor says they cannot do a full refund since $300 was charged by travel credit, and they can resend the travel credit via email. I complained about my wasted time and also told him to please educate the customer service associate about this nonrefundable travel credit information so people like me dont have to waste their precious time, and the supervisor just hung up on me without any answer! I dont know when or whether Ill be receiving my credit, and I really dont want to call them again for the credit not received yet, but I may have to. Worst customer experience calling them, never had a clean flight with them, plus they are usually more expensive than other airlines, so Id highly highly recommend flying with some other airline.
  Kuala Lumpur to Almaty. I credit Air Astana for their superior service on a recent flight from KUL to ALA last Tuesday 1st October. The service received on the flight was second to none, where the team leader provided a first class service during the the 7 hour flight. The quality of the main meal, wine and snack was excellent. I know Air Astana has received some criticism in the past but it was one of the best experiences I have had when flying. They made you feel welcome and special from start to finish.
  Our flight from Sydney to Gold Coast got delayed from 1200pm to 625pm! And would only give us a refund if we fly with another airline which was impossible to find a flight that wouldnt get us there late afternoon. All they gave us was a $5 voucher per person for lunch and dinner. We have had flights with them before and never had problem. 
I have flown several times with Belavia from Moscow and London to Minsk and have been impressed on every occasion. They might not be cheap from London to Minsk but they are very competitive from Moscow to Minsk. Even better if you fly on their brand new Embraer aircraft which are going to replace the aged Boeing 737s. The staff are very courteous and efficient on every flight sweets are given before takeoff and usually before landing food isnt fantastic but neither is easyJets or BAs. I have flown with Western European airlines into Minsk and the prices are sometimes cheaper if there is a sale on otherwise Belavia offers good value for money Vs. time and hassle avoided from London Gatwick. From Moscow DME Belavia codeshare with S7 so you will always fly Belavia from DME to MSQ.
  Paris Orly to Newark. Longtime customer of OpenSkies when it was business class only and the original Lavion. Chose La Compagnie, and glad we did. Our flight was canceled at Orly back to Newark, and it was a mess  the gate agents at Orly did not speak English well, and there was lack of information given, we had to rebook 2 days later on another flight home on our own with the airline, no one at the gate could assist us with that, and they only have 2 planes, and dont partner with other airlines. 2 days stuck in Paris with hotel hopping. so why the 5 stars? The compensation when we got home to the states and quick communication and customer service was great. They offered to pay for our meals, hotels and cabs for the 2 days stuck in Paris. The flights were so comfortable, great entertainment on the flights and great food. I was able to sleep comfortably with a  pillow and the plane seemed very clean. The  flight crew was lovely both ways and couldnt have been nicer. For the price, this was a fantastic value for business class, and was much better than United First Class to Paris. I hope they stay in business!
 Worst airline experience of my life. My flight to Vancouver was delayed 3 hours because the pilot hadnt shown up. I had unfortunately already booked my flight back to Toronto on Lynx. This was delayed 2 hours including over an hour while sitting in the plane and 25 of the passengers were unable to fly. Not only was the flight overbooked, but there was insufficient staff to legally fly at max capacity, so 40 passenger werent allowed on. Then they spent an hour manually calling peoples names and checking tickets trying to find out who they had missed at the checkin to ensure they didnt go over the legal limit. Awful experience. Tried to save $70 on flights vs Air Canada and ended up wasting several hours of my life. Do not fly with them. Also no water or outlets on the plane.
  Planned a three day trip to Vegas. Flew Spirit out of Detroit. The flight was delayed 9 hours. Boarding should have occurred on or about 920 pm on June 1 with a take off of 1002 pm. The flight took off at 620 am the following morning June 2. The gate agents provided very little information during the delay other than they were waiting on a pilot to come in off another flight. During the wait time, the pilot that did show up timed out. Eventually the staff announced the flight would not leave until 515 am the next morning. Frustrated customers were given the choice for refund or to book on another Spirit Flight. Customers were so angry with the gate agents and Spirit for the delays, lack of communication and overall attitude that local police were brought to the gate to supervise Spirits shenanigans. Vendors close early at Detroit Airport. For those of us that could not rebook a flight, no food vouchers were offered, no hotel vouchers offered and if you wanted to rebook a flight, only Sprit was offered no other Airlines forcing Spirt customers additional days of delays. When it came time fly out the following morning, a pilot was late causing a flight attendant to time out. In 9 hours, Spirit couldnt get their stuff together even leave close to on time the next morning. Tried to resolve with customer service. No response from Spirits CEO, and Spirits customer service agent was useless. Do not fly this airline! They do not deserve you! During the process of dealing with customer service, I had booked a flight with Spirit in September for which I asked them to cancel and refund. Even with all the issues, they would only provide a credit for the flight and charged a $69 cancellation fee. I advised them to donate my credit to charity. I will not fly Spirit again. I advise you to reconsider Spirit in favour of an Airline that will treat you with respect. What a disgusting experience both with the flight and the very poor customer service.
  Jogjakarta to Banjarmasin. I arrived at the airport in around 9 oclock in the morning and my flight should depart at 11.30  but it got delayed for an hour so we departed at around 12.30. Seat pocket was very dirty. Ac was turned off and it was very hot. Bad this time. At least the flight attendant smiled at me once.
  A company that can be excellent but it started working like a cheap airline. Today for the first time they refused me to fly with my laptop and my small carry on. It did not matter that I am gold member. 
 The airline staff is so incompetent and dismissive. Lacked an understanding of things and sounded like robots. I applied for a refund of a ticket I couldnt use due to a family emergency and they didnt refund it for more than 12 months. Then they turned around and told me that they wont refund it before it has been more than 12 months. Their actions were criminal to me. I sent multiple emails even to their HQ to no avail.
  I tried booking Economy class I went through all the steps and when I came to the seat selection it charged me for the seats? Few weeks ago they changed their policy from 2 check in bags to 1 check in bag. I picked my seats and when I was about to pay the website cancelled my selection and took me to the first page when I tried booking ticket again the price went up by mora than $300.
  Thessaloniki to Athens. I was pleasantly surprised by the service on this short flight approx. 40min. Service was quick, good selection of drinks and small candies and biscuits. Friendly staff, aircraft was clean. The crew are ready to assist the passengers. I will be happy to fly them again.
Business class booking, my seat was covered in hairs, pillows and blankets too, food was disgusting, champagne low quality. Cabin crew couldnt care less about customers experience. Arrived at Melbourne Airport my Rimowa bag was totally smashed, unable to use the wheels, couldnt take public transport to my families home 150km from the airport due to luggage damage. I was stuck abandomed at the airport alone a single female traveller No choice but to rent a car at the airport which put me out of pocket $500. Customer responsibility is below 0. Compensation offered 5000 Qantas frequent flyer points to the equivalent of AUD$45.00. This airline needs to take accountability for high paying flyers, I will never fly Qantas again as a tourist visiting Australia.
  Phu Quoc to Bangkok. I had the nick name Last name and initial were right of my wife instead of her passport name on the ticket, and but they forced me to buy a new ticket for a much higher price before checking in.  Besides this they lost my bookings from May 2019 since their whole system was migrated in June. It took us some Long calls to get this fixed too!
  In the last 2 years, almost every time I booked a flight with Eurowings, the flight was either canceled or postponed and new times were completely useless. It is not worth booking a flight with this airline. Refunds were not always made! You are very unreliable.  In den letzten 2 Jahren, fast immer wenn ich einen Flug mit Eurowings gebucht habe, der Flug wurde entweder abgesagt oder verschoben und neue Zeiten waren komplett sinnlos. Es loht sich gar nicht einen Flug mit dieser Fluggeselschaft zu buchen. Gelderstattung wurde nicht immer gemacht! Sie sind sehr unzuverlssig.
  I had a pleasant trip from Beijing to Boston. Checkin at Beijing was smooth and quick. Flight attendants professional and provided hospitable service. They helped me put my luggage to overhead bin.  Food is eatable but recommend to add more options. 
Salt Lake City to Los Angeles was the worst experience among our four American AirlineAmerican Eagle flights.  I tried to change my Frequent Flyer Number on the selfservice kiosk but it didnt work, so I ask one of their checkin lady to do that when she was printing our baggage labels. But I just found out that she did not change it at all as this flight counted in my BA program rather than my CX program I ask her to change. Secondly, the flight was delayed due to technical issue. Which was all fine because people understand that it is for the sake of their lives. However, the AA maintenance in Salt Lake City was so inefficient as it took them more than 40 minutes to arrive at the aircraft and commence the problem shooting. After delayed for about 2 hours, we started to board. However that is not the end, after all passengers took their seats, we have two passengers who did not show up but the aircraft was full. Ground services and the flight attendants counted the number for more than 5 times and decided it was ok. Unfortunately there seemed to be another technical problem which held us for another 30 minutes. The total delay was more than 3 hours and the inflight experience was not good either, both lavatories were out of function shortly after beverage service. My personal opinion towards the AA domestic flight is that it depends on luck if they delay, cancel your flight or lost track of you baggage.
Used this airline on many occasions JNBELS. Crew always polite and friendly aircraft clean and comfortable. Example of how a regional carrier should operate.
  Without any doubt this is the most appalling airline I have experienced. Think Jetstar and its even worse. 3 hours sitting on a dirty run down aircraft before we could get a glass of water. That of course included sitting in the heat on the runway for an hour before leaving. Ive now just experienced their check in a return flight. Only 2 people waiting and it took 30 minutes before I got to the counter. If you have any option choose that, even if it is Jetstar. 
 Horrible treatment of customers. I felt like a child because of the absolute rudeness of staff. My flight was canceled with no explanation and I was put on an earlier flight, I checked in the night before to ensure I am seated next to my husband and once we got to the boarding gate I was told I was moved, no one could explain why and told me to go to my new seat and there is nothing they can do. Once in the aircraft I asked the first attendant if I can be moved back and he rudely said there is nothing he can do. A second attendant understood and asked the gentleman seated in my original seat if we could swap turns out he checked in late and was given my seat once sorted the head attendant rudely demanded to see our boarding passes and treated us in the worst way before she realized she was wrong and we were in our correct seats. For the remainder of the flight she would not even serve as, even though our seats were allocated to her. This is my last encounter with Kulula.
  I had a flight booked in April 2020, which was obviously cancelled. I have emailed and called many times to request some sort of update on my refund, and the response is always the same In regards to your email, your refund is still in process. it takes an unusually long time to process the refunds. Sorry for your inconvenience. The response never changes and never provides any clear information. I definitely understand the last year has been challenging. However, I also had reservations with two other Thai airlines  one has processed the refund, and the other is at least providing updates and regular communication. At this point, it feels like there is no intention of providing refunds. I recommend booking with any other airline. 
  Lombok to Jakarta. Worst flying experience I have experienced. First, there is no transparency about the departing time, 2 hours of delay which turned out into 3 hour delay because of operational reasons, the desk operator doesnt gave us the clear and complete information about the delay, and they were rude to the customers. A dirty cabin. We have to wait for a long time for a shuttle airport bus after a latenight flight about 30 minutes and then wait 45 minutes to get our baggage. This is definitely my last time flying using this airline.
  My Flight in May 2020 was cancelled by airlines due to lock down and then after they are not even picking up the call. No refund option. Contact details given are of not use because the never reply and never pickup calls. Worst experience ever had. They just eat my money, from last four months Im calling them for refund but they not picked even single call.
  Do not fly with TAR. We had several internal flights with TAR arbitrarily cancelled due to operational reasons. TAR has no problem taking payment from your credit card but they refuse to refund $ back to your credit card in the event of a flight cancellation. Pathetic level of service when flights are cancelled and absolutely no empathy or process to correct their own misgivings as an airline. Dont waste your time and money. Fly with a real airline.
Bandar Abbas to Shiraz on a old Fokker 100. Check in staff pleasant but a little disorganized. The flight was on time the aircraft was clean my tray table was broken but not a huge issue. The meal was very generous for a 1 hour flight and staff helpful. For $25 this was value and would use them again.
  One of the worst airlines I have ever had to deal with. They make up rules along the way specifically designed to take your money. They have a useless BOT and good luck trying to talk to a human being and get anything done. Disgusted! Beginning of Pandemic I was worried and they gave me two options when I tried to cancel, rebook or a travel fund. I chose the travel fund. Now 2 years later I ask for a refund, they say no because you cancelled the flight not us! Not at all happy but I try to be flexible. A friend is going home to the Philippines she is happy to use the fund BUT NO  the original booker MUST be part of the booking and on the flight? Because they just want to take your money. You cant talk with a person only a useless BOT. When you do get an email from a real life person your reply goes to a general mailbox and no one ever reads it. Seriously I will never fly with this airline again. 
  Worst airline in Europe. Please do not buy a ticket with them, it is a joke of company. First they changed the flight date a week before, without giving the option to refund the money. Finally the flight was delayed by more than 2 hours.
  In 2020 we booked a flight from Salvador, Brazil to Amsterdam, Netherlands. Covid stopped all travel. Air Europa cancelled our flight and rebooked and rebooked because Air Europa refused to refund. So we got stuck a voucher which worth nothing with these people. We finally decided to book a trip to Madrid because it is the only we can some of our money back. After nearly 2 hours talking to the service desk of Air Europa, we finally booked the flight for October but we had to pay a small amount extra. Ok, so we paid, however when we received the confirmation email, we also received confirmation that we still have a credit with AE. Very strange because we had to pay extra so how can we still have a credit. We called the socalled service centre again and they admitted that they made a mistake but when we asked for a refund for the extra money we paid, they refused because this was money for taxes or something like that and that they cannot refund. It is not the amount of money because it is only EUR 20 but it is the way they keep on stealing your money that makes me angry. So just a warning dont book any trip with Air Europa because they are basically totally unreliable and dishonest.
Checkin counters opened 2 hours before the flight and a queue formed as early as an hour before the counters opened. Being a PPS club member, was able to queue at business class queue even though I flew economy. The ground crew had a list of the names allowed to queue in the business class check in queue and those who were not flying business class or PPS club members were asked to queue in the economy class queue which made the line short. Ground crew and flight crew very friendly. Route was via Cebu and was invited to use the lounge in both Davao and Cebu which had decent food options. Flight crew very professional and friendly even though it was an almost full load in economy. One complaint is that they run out of food options early and those at the rear only had one choice of food left. Crew very apologetic but this is not the first time this happened on SilkAir happened in my inbound leg to Davao too. Both food options were good though. Didnt try the entertainment system and most passengers chose to sleep through the flight. It was an enjoyable flight and am so glad that they have this very convenient connection between Singapore and Davao.
  A very good experience in terms of punctuality. We needed info about boarding the cabin trolley and wrote an email. The Volotea team answered in a few hours. At the end also in the Lourdes airport the Volotea team helped me boarding the cabin trolley. 
  Due to flight cancellations and inability get a standby flight to YVR on United, I chose to fly to Seattle to get closer to Vancouver. The 737 MAX 9 is a very comfortable aircraft with plenty of legroom in Economy Class. Flight crew as friendly and provided the usual refreshments and snacks. If Alaska Airlines had more flights from DFW I would not hesitate to fly it again.
  They need to stick to flight and gate times. Arriving early is not safe and forces passengers to sit on runways and wait for gates.  leg one We went from early arrival to leaving late as the airport tried to accommodate the unplanned adjustment. Sadly leg 2 we arrived late back in Edmonton, then had to sit and wait for another plane to leave our gate more schedule change adjustments. Very disappointing experience on both flights home. The flight there was much the same, delayed x2 then ridiculous experience in Toronto as we remained on the plane for a extremely long quick turn add 3 hours of crazy experiences to your flights both directions.  This airline definitely needs operational improvements.
  Ryanair is as basic as cheap flying can get. Your initial costs seem low but you should add the price of an additional passenger to your calculations, in case anything will go wrong. We booked two flights over Ryanair. Dortmund to Katowice and vice versa. As all cheap airlines, Ryanair has strict measurements for the size of the luggage youre allowed to bring. While boarding the machine on the first flight, Dortmund to Katowice, our Luggage was measured by the ground and fit into the Ryanair restrictions. While boarding the flight back the very same luggage somehow did not fit into size regulations, and we were charged an additional 310 PLN about 71,82€ at current rates per piece of luggage. All that while other passengers that went by with visibly larger luggage were not asked to measure and could proceed to board unbothered by the ground staff. In addition, as we boarded the machine, the staff informed us that our Luggage would be too large to store it in the cabin, and had to be transported inside the cargo department of the plane. Which of course comes with extra waiting times at the airport. In addition, we booked a rental car at Katowice Airport over Ryanair. Of course, there where some problems with the booking and we had to cancel the booking and ended up paying about 70 more for the car as we initially would have.
  Gofirst a low cost carrier, all A320 fleet with 31 row seating configuration. My flight was early morning Delhi to Ahmedabad, boarding experience ok, flight departed on time and same for arrival. Cabin was clean and fresh and so was toilet. No inflight entertainment. Okay experience for a short flight.
 Lack of consistency with bag requirements. I was cleared on the way to Denver, and then had to pay $99 as I was leaving Denver along with several others. Apparently its $36 cheaper on the app, but you cant pay through the app after checking in. Its completely unfair to be so inconsistent and have such a cost difference.
  Shame on Air France for its disgraceful performance and for doing nothing thus far to settle a claim for clothes and incidentals I had to buy after my luggage was delayed last December  when returning from Guinea to Washington DC in business class. I must have now called Air France a dozen times to find out the status of my claim. Each time, I get bounced around from one agent to another, each of whom appears completely unable to provide any help whatsoever. One agent today told me that the only way to communicate with AF is via social media and suggested I try Twitter and Facebook. Ive already tried both of those months ago and never have had any response. Ive now escalated the matter with my firm and with AMEX which did the booking as my companys corporate travel partner. Shame on Air France. Ive never encountered such incompetence.
I flew roundtrip from Newark to Paris and was very pleased with the flight. Quick and easy check in the lounge in Newark is pretty well hidden but was fine once there. Very easy clearing security in both airports. I cleared customs in both cities within about 30mins and was on my way. More importantly for me was the extra room which was what I paid the extra money for. You could tell the plane was old but the service was good and the meal we had was certainly well above normal Economy fare. Not being a business traveler I cant really comment about comparisons but the price was definitely worth it for my comfort.
  San Francisco to Los Cabos. Virgin America has always been a good airline and this flight was nice and easy! They have tons of entertainment on their screen! Wifi is very expensive at $16. A couple of our family members had trouble with the remotes not fully working, but overall a great airline to fly!
 Doha to Chennai via Colombo. Very poor service and attitude at the airport by support staff. We were assured that we would catch the 7.40 flight to Chennai before boarding from Doha and that information was transferred to Colombo airport. Our flight arrived 10 minutes late and they said they received no such information. The staff also were unaware of a connecting flight and completely ignorant of customers. If the flight would have waited for 10 more minutes about 30 more passengers could have boarded the flight. Very disheartened with the lack of communication and service.
WDHFRA with my wife. Big mess to reconfirm the flights in WDH computer breakdown incompetent employees not willing to help. Checkin OK and quick very lousy lounge at WDH no priority boarding chaotic rush to the aircraft. Aircraft standing there the whole day and no traffic but able to depart 30 mins late. Worst cabin service ever experienced no meal choice available slow and incompetent staff. My wife went to the galley to ask gently for something to drink together with the meal the chief FA came to our seats and scold us you have to be patient we have other things to do. Were treated like disobedient pupils no need to say after meal there was no more service and entertainment system at my seat was defective. Rude wakeup in the middle of the night 2.5 hours before landing for what they call a breakfast. Incredible and a great pity for the wonderful and friendly country of Namibia next time we fly again SAA despite of having to fly via JNB. We traveled last time in 2006 with Air Namibia and things have turned from good average to lousy.
  Firstly the flight time was changed without notification and then the incoming aircraft was late. Then despite other aircrafts taking off, the captain was refusing to fly because of the weather. Then they said we could fly but only if there were 30 volunteers to take tomorrows flight because the load was too heavy to fly. None of this was communicated by an official announcement. Communication was terrible. Eventually the plane departed 5 hours late. Because my connecting international flight was on final call when we arrived the ground staff promised to send my luggage on to my next airline. I caught my flight just before the doors closed after running through the airport. Now my luggage is missing and I have heard nothing from Peruvian and they do not respond to my communications. Shockingly bad. 
  Completely incompetent, four hour delay out of Sydney, waiting 8 hours in the airport wiling 3 kids. Finally get to Manila, one lost bag just happens to be all of my wife and youngest  daughters clothes. Two hours trying to sort this out and find someone that can help  out of the airport 6 hours late, missed a dinner and dramas with hotel due to lateness. Fast forward 4 days after little contact and even less helpfulness we drive 45 minutes to pick up the bag. Another 4 days later still waiting on needed forms to claim compensation after having to buy new clothes for two family member over Christmas. This is causing so much tension on what should be a family holiday.
 This is one of the worst customer service centers Ive encountered in decades of traveling. We were planning to fly with PAWA to Puerto Rico before the island was ravaged by hurricanes. When we reached out to the airline to change our flight to a location with running water and electricity we were told that was not an option under any circumstances. We told the representative that we would be willing to pay a change fee and they refused. They offered for a $80 change fee we could fly to Puerto Rico the day before or after our booked flight. We again explained that the island had been devastated and we just wanted to go anywhere else with PAWA they again refused saying the airport in Puerto Rico was up and running and that is the only stipulation for rescheduling a flight. They said if it was a war ravaged country they would still send us there if the airport was up and running and that our personal safety made no difference to them. Do not book with this airline.
  1 We flew MIA to Newark and they didnt put our 2 childrens car seats on the flight. Both tagged and handed over with the luggage. They were not able to get them to us. Our children are 3 and 4 and the customer service response is your problem 2 Flight from NYC to MIA on Friday is canceled. Jetblue provided no information and I mean none at all. Unaware if they are rebooking or refunding. Call wait times are long. 3 They cant reebok from New York Airport. They can get us on a flight from DC to Fort Lauderdale, so we get to DC. They cancel that flight and rebook us from DC going to West Palm. Even though they are still selling flights from DC to FLL and had enough space to book all 4 of us for any of the FLL flights. We find this out as we arrive to the airport. We were notified via voice message 4hrs later. After 2hrs wait to speak to an agent we were told they can send us to any South Florida airport they want and other passengers even those without tickets previously have priority. This is simply a money grab so they can continue selling flights and fill up the low demand flights to other locations. Arriving into West Palm, 70 miles from our airport, at 9pm, with 2 small children after 72hrs of traveling is acceptable to Jetblue and a true representation of how little they value their customers. We have submitted a refund and rebooked with American, and will never make the mistake of booking Jetblue again their processes are not customer centric.
  Thessaloniki to Larnaca. There was no online check in available for me, and if you come earlier to airport you have to wait first in order for the check in to open, and then second for check in queue.
  Morning flight from Amsterdam to Manchester, flight was slightly delayed, staff were attentive and smiling. We were just about to land into Manchester, stewardess came to my row and asked whose birthday it was, I kept quiet as I didnt want to make a fuss, she asked again and passengers nearby were looking over. I told the stewardess, it was my birthday, she wished me happy birthday and asked if I wanted some champagne. I couldnt refuse, and she came back with a mini bottle, 2 glasses and packet snack, it made my day.
  Tehran to Dubai. Mahan Air is the best airline in Iran. The business class is convenient with a variety of dishes. The quality of food in this airline is great. Stewardess are very affable and responsible In the longterm flights, the amenity kit will be given to you. Generally, the flight will be satisfied.
Singapore to Phuket on 14th March. As my mom is a plus size she needs a seatbelt extension. I politely asked the cabin crew for the extension. She rudely tells me later, with her arrogant attitude. I then got a bit worried as the aircraft was about to move, and asked her again for the seat belt extension, and again she gave me the same annoying attitude. Later she came and passed me the extension.  But today on the return flight I ask for the extension, and to my astonishment the cabin crew thanked me for requesting the extension and provided this. I noticed the rest of the crew have smiles on their faces and it feels very welcoming.
  Awful customer service, stay away. I traveled with a child and had a bag delayed. I tried to talk to a representative at Logan airport to schedule my bag to be delivered to my local airport since I do not live in Boston and had to catch a train. He would not help me and just said Next and ignored what I was saying. He made me miss my train. I went to a JetBlue representative who found a different Cape Air representative to help me. My issue was resolved in minutes. I missed my train and was left to wait for hours with a child in a train station all because of a matter that could have been resolved in minutes. Unacceptable.
  Our tickets from JFK to MLE were changed from Jan 31 to Feb 1, 2023. Luckily, I found out before the flight date. On the day of the flight, the flight was delayed for more than 3 hours, and we missed the connection from DOH to MLE. Qatar Airways said they are not responsible for the compensation. Extremely disappointing. We flew 4 times with the airline, the flights were all smooth.
 Once again, EasyJet has cancelled another flight. This time has been from Rome Fiumicino to London Gatwick. They are cancelling many flights and it seems nothing is happening to EasyJet. They should be seriously be investigated and take the necessary measures to avoid they play with customers. I try to change to another date and customer service by phone were quite unhelpful and little comprehensive. European Union or the right organisation should look into them. Unfortunately, I booked a few more flights with them in the future and I feel really unconfident and stressed thinking about flight with them and would really wish to cancel them receiving the full refund. In fact, they have been in the news saying they are axing massively many flights and ruining holidays thousands of customers. As well, I read on news that their staff are pressured and working over hours. Hence cancellations.
  I booked our family holiday return flight for 9 passengers with Corendon Airlines in May for £3024. We were due to fly on 30th October. They cancelled the flight 30th August and promised a refund within 14 days. Despite several phone calls the refund has not arrived. At short notice it was very difficult to find an alternative flight. The only flight available is more than twice the price because it is so close to departure and also it isnt a direct flight. I cant afford to book this until I get the refund. So our whole holiday is now at risk and our insurance will not cover our losses.
  Very poor service and communication. First they advised that the flight will be delayed by 1 hour. Later they made us board the aircraft and kept us waiting lock up in the plane for another 3 hours. Big delays in the bus transporting us from the terminal to the aircraft. Not a single apology from the airline officials after they made us disembark from the first aircraft and transported us back to the terminal and got us to board a 2nd aircraft. Total delays 6 hours without food. Worst ever experience.
  Check in at BRU airport went smooth. The check in agent even didnt ask nor check our Vaccination certificates or necessary docs for Spain. Boarding well on time and smooth. Greeted by very friendly cabin crew. Emergency exit seats, space and comfort ok for a 4h30 flight. No inflight entertainment available. Crew passed 2 times with trolley to buy food and drinks. Have the impression that the selection of snacks is severely limited with Corona, and this for a 4hrs 30mins flight. Captain gave information before take off and before landing. Flight was on time
Terrible airline  transferred me on to different flights even though booked months in advance  implying a schedule change but later found out that the original flights were still scheduled. Did not respond to my emails regarding this. Flight safety questionable with no safety briefing or clarification re persons sitting in exit rows. Would never use them again.
  I flew with Air Baltic from Riga to Vilnius and got an absolutely ridiculous fine of EUR 60 for 1 kg hand luggage overweight and the rudest service ever! Please be aware that they also weigh your tax free bag which does not make any sense! I will never cfly with them again.
I was supposed to have a flight from Varna to Moscow departing at 17.20. When I arrived to the airport 2 hrs in advance I could not find my flight in the list. On information desk they said tha my flight was rescheduled from 17.20 to 20.35. There was no sign of delay on the schedule screen and at 14.00 there were no notices about the delay on the companys site  it appeared much later. The contact center could not comment the delay and sent to the companys representative in Varna Airport. In the airport they could not provide any information either. Later on we discovered that due to the low volume of passengers our flight was combined with the flight going from TelAviv to Varna via Burgas which of course, the company was aware of much in advance. No services were forseen for the passengers in delay. A lot of passengers were with small babies and with connecting flights to other destinations from Moscow. There were at least two options for such passengers to depart earlier with other companies but Bulgaria Air refused to change tickets saying that the flights were fully booked and there were no tickets while there were tickets available on the sites of these companies. After a 1.5 hours of battle with Bulgaria Air representative, they agreed to provide water and a sandwich. But they provided no sitting places for the passengers and no checkin till 18.35. So that the passengers had to organize on their own at least to safeguard the luggage so that single moms and other travellers could go to bathroom or caffeteria without bags. Just some time before 20.35 they rescheduled the flight again  till 21.00. But at 21.00 the only airplane in the airport departed for Minsk not for Moscow leaving small kids and their families on the ground on their feet for over 5 hrs by that time. As a matter of fact the company organized additional juice and water distribution to passengers  this was instead of hot meals and hotels which the company refused to provide. At 21.00 there was a notice on Bulgaria Air official site that the flight had departed at 20.35. The company representative appeared at 21.15  after the passenger riot explaining that the plane would land from TelAvive at 21.10 and depart from Burgas at 21.30 and assured that it would depart for Moscow at 22.20 which does not seem to be feasible. Still waiting for resolution.
  Sydney to London return via Seoul over the Christmas period. Outbound flight into Seoul does not connect to London, meaning an overnight stay is required. We made a two night city break of it. All four flights were on time. Good standard of customer service throughout flights and meals were acceptable. Seats reasonably comfortable with plenty of legroom I am over 6 foot. Quite a limited selection of IFE movies and music do these things really cost airlines so much?!. A380 and A350 aircraft were both modern, especially the A350. Website and online checkin not very userfriendly.
  Warsaw to Tallinn. Our flight was in codeshare with LOT Polish Airlines. Between our arrival and departure there were 55 minutes gate opens 30 mins before departure, the ground crew worked very well so we could catch our Nordica flight to Tallinn with ease. The seats are comfortable, the legroom is more than okay. Bigger meals and drinks are available on purchase but they serve complementary drinks coffee, tea, water and snacks chocolate bar. The cabin crew was kind and the cabin was clean.
CNSHIDCNSTSV. CNSHID and CNSTSV on Dash8400 HIDCNS on Dash8300. Snacks served on all legs. Crew friendly and efficient serving food on short flights. Seating on 300 was beginning to show its age.
Kathmandu to Biratnagar. I have travelled regularly with this company, particularly too and from Biratnagar and Nepalganj. Onboard and ground service is fine. Delays are frequent in Nepal, and this is not always the fault of the airline. Buddha uses relatively new planes, which are comfortable inside, although given the short length of most routes, this is not really an issue. Checking in and baggage collection can be chaotic sometimes, primarily due to the poor infrastructure at domestic airports. The ATR flights usually have allocated seats, so when heading west ask for a right side window for mountain views, or left side if heading east. The smaller beachcraft used to fly to some smaller towns usually have no allocated seating. If you want to be first on the plane, make sure you are last on the transfer bus. The primary problem is the outrageous fixed foreigner fares, which can be up to 4 times more than for local people. There are no discounts or promotional fares available, even if you book months in advance. As a result, few foreign passengers travel by air in Nepal unless they are on work related travel, although some high end tourists, usually on packages, use the route to Pokhara. You can travel to Malaysia or Dubai in economy for the same price as a return ticket to Nepalganj 35 min flight, or fly business class to India. . Sadly, all the airlines in Nepal fix these high fares, operating as a cartel  and I cant begin to imagine the damage this causes to the tourism sector, particularly in getting people to visit new parts of Nepal. This appears unlikely to change in the near future, so passengers be aware before planning your travels.
 SV 0834 JEDKUL. I only flew this airline because the date of my travel was changed. I thought it cant be that bad. Extremely rude and arrogant ground crew at checkin at Jeddah International Airport with privileged attitude that made us feel as if we begged to fly their airlines. Fellow friends get shouted at. However, cabin crew are pleasant on this route. Get their job done well accompanied by a genuine smile. Seat and food are pretty standard. Never again.
I used this airline for a trip from Concepcion to Punta Arenas via Perto Montt then returned to Santiago via Perto Montt. In my years of travel I have not had such a smooth comfortable and overall pleasing trip. The A319100 was clean the cabin service was polite and helpful and the food was good. Of course any airline that serves Chilean wine is doing a good thing. My trip to Santiago could have been stressful in that those who purchased the tickets for my party of eight had erred in making our final destination back to Concepcion. Sky changed our itinerary with no challenge and even made luggage allowances to our favor. I would recommend this airline and will use it when I return to Chile in the fall.
  Worst airline ever. Insufficient check in staff at Gatwick 24 staff for 12 check in counters meant police got involved in crowd control, Several people, including families bumped due to overbooking. Flight was 5 hours late, landing at 0445. Vueling customer service nonexistent for claiming compensation
  Jakarta to YogyakartaFlying on Garuda Business Class after nearly missing the flight due to heavy traffic jam in Jakarta was such a relief. The cabin crew was warm and friendly in their welcome, and attentive in their service. The FA spent considerable amount of time conversing with me while being thoughtful as to when to let me rest. The meal served was delicious dimsum with generous portion, large enough that I dont need to have dinner on ground. Aside from partaking, I spent my time watching the IFE which has some new release movies. Overall, it was such a pleasant journey.
  They misplaced my bag. I filled a form at Heathrow airport and that was it. I waited for days for calls nothing until I finally found their UK line and i called them and they kept telling me to hold on. Eventually they sent a bag but it was another persons bag. I called that my should be brought and the other be returned. I told them I wouldnt release the bag until my bag is sent and i am not comfortable with having someones property with me. Then i was told the true owner of the bag is in Dubai and my bag is with them at Nairobi and a picture of a wrapped bag I didnt wrap my bag was sent. Another 2 weeks and nothing has been done again. Customer service is totally rude this time. Kept complaining to them that all my clothes are in that bag and I have no winter cloth to wear here but they arent even ready to help
JERGCIJER. What a great service! A user friendly website which is not full of tricks and gimmicks to cost you money and all fares fully flexible change as often as you like without any fee. Online check in up to 48 hours in advance a little cumbersome but it works and a small lounge at the airport for all passengers with drinks and biscuits. I dont really think one can expect more on a 10 minute flight. Friendly and relaxed staff but obviously professional and rather like flying in the old days in light aircraft. A lot of fun.
I have been a Marco Polo member of Cathay Pacific for over 30 years and love HK and CX. On June 21 this year I flew from HK to Hangzhou on KA 620. It was 2.5 hours late in taking off. Plane arrived late to HKG we boarded 1.5 hours late. Sat onboard for another hour! First the crew said it was due to a blocked toilet then it was air traffic control. Anyway on the way back on June 23 HZ to HK on KA 621 guess what? Again exactly 2.5 hours delayed. The girls in the lounge told me that this was usual! Will never fly KA again!
 This was my first long haul flight on a Latin American carrier. Prior to boarding the plane in Lima everyones bag was searched for contraband water bottles or any liquids over 250ml. Once onboard the flight I was welcomed by the crew, made it to my seat which was originally a window, thankfully the guy next to me took up my offer and switched to aisle. Even though the cabin was outdated those seats were extremely comfortable and provide great recline. Each seat had a blanket, pillow and headphones. About hour and a half after takeoff there were two options for dinner Asian style chicken and rice or pasta with seeds. As for drinks they had sodas including inka cola as well as beer and wine. Inflight entertainment is pretty good. The only thing that was missing on this flight was in between meals they offer nothing but drinks not even chips. An hour prior to landing we were given breakfast which was a warm ham and cheese sandwich with fruit and drink offerings. Since it was an overnight flight most people slept. It was a pleasure flying with LATAM.
  We booked for a 3 week vacation. After 6 days at resort we received an email telling us we had to come home at the end of 2 weeks with a full refund for 1 week hotel accommodation credited to our credit card. Several emails and phone calls and no response to either myself or my travel agent. We have been home for 10 weeks. Outrageous customer service. Right now not certain will use again! Especially after they changed our departure airport from London to Toronto and only offer take it or leave it offer. Cost us extra money for Hotel and food both for departure and arrival. Plus hour drive both ways and we are Seniors.
  Bikaner to New Delhi. Ticket bought in the morning of the flight as the province was locking down that evening. Check in was fast and efficient. There were no problems with my checked bag being slight overweight. The flight took off and landed on time. The plane was turboprop and looked fairly new. Seating was 2x2 and there was adequate room. Minimal cold refreshments were served on the flight. As expected there was no IFE. In New Delhi the bag came off quickly.
  Amsterdam to Seoul via Taipei. The flight in the A350 from Amsterdam to Taipei was very comfortable. Especially the food and inflight entertainment made a good impression. Wifi was available, however quite expensive. The second flight from TPE to ICN was in the Boeing 747400. This plane felt quite old and the seats and inflight entertainment were obviously old.
  Zagreb to Frankfurt. Despite the fact that Croatia Airlines extended a special courtesy to me as an airline memorabilia collector, for which I am quite grateful, I cannot rate the flight itself very positively. Business class checkin was polite and quick, and the flight attendants onboard were courteous and efficient, but who would guess that they charge business class passengers for alcoholic beverages? Certainly the onboard menu magazine indicated that miniatures  in my case Havana Club rum  cost $5, but I never imagined that these prices also applied to business class. This is certainly the first time that I have ever been charged for a drink when flying in a premium cabin. I will know better next time. The cold breakfast served was satisfactory. Lamentably, the front lavatory lacked soap and towels, and the sink and toilet were badly stained and unpleasant. The seating was typical European business class with economy class seats with the middle seat open. The flight arrived in Frankfurt ontime, and I wish I could rate the overall experience more positively.
Return trip LHRSAOSCL. 3 April. Positive points excellent service from check in and flight attendants. Courteous and keen to please. Food OK and served shortly after take off. Personally I like the beds that dont go completely flat although I know its not to everyones taste. Lounge in LHR is the star alliance one with lots of room and good selection of snacks and drinks. Negative points Lounge in terminal 1 SAO was getting pretty full at only 06.45. Same complaint as on the outward trip. On both outbound and return trips bread and teacoffee was only offered once with the meal. Extra was available with no problem but its a hassle having to ask for it. Ive done 8 flights with them over the last 4 months most in business and whilst there are still things to improve to bring to LAN standards I reckon TAM is good value for money.
BangkokParo return  via Kolkotta on the way out and Gaya on the way back. Business class. The overall experience was good  food drink and FA service was of a very good standard. Its worth paying the little extra for business class $40 per person each way as the seats are roomy and comfortable plus you get lounge access at both Bangkok and Paro although the Paro lounge is a bit quaint. The other reason for booking business class is if your flight gets delayed as ours did on the return journey for around five hours. Theres little in the way of facilities at Paro airport so its worth the extra for a more comfortable place to wait and enjoy free drinks of course. Make sure you sit on the left hand side on the flight into Paro as you get the best views of the Himalayas. And finally dont be worried about the descent into Paro as the plane does get worryingly close to the mountainsides.
 The Vueling website has proven to be deceptive and misleading, offering a false sense of economy during the ticket purchasing process. This unsettling experience unfolds when customers are denied access to the cost of their hand luggage until after they have already made the payment for their ticket. To their dismay, they are then confronted with an additional charge of 45 euros for the privilege of bringing their hand luggage on board. Such practices are both disingenuous and unfair, as customers should be provided with transparent and accurate information regarding all associated costs prior to committing to a purchase. By intentionally withholding essential details until after payment, Vueling undermines the trust and confidence of its customers, tarnishing the overall experience of using their services. In an era where consumers expect honesty and integrity from companies, this unfortunate incident highlights a severe lack of transparency on Vuelings part. To foster trust and maintain a reputable image, it is crucial for businesses to prioritize open communication and upfront disclosure of all relevant fees and charges. Potential travelers must be made aware of the hidden costs of hand luggage from the outset, allowing them to make informed decisions and avoid any unpleasant surprises. By rectifying these misleading practices and adopting a more honest approach, Vueling would not only regain the trust of its customers but also ensure a more positive and respectful customer experience.
BRUEDIBRU in economy. Ontime flights on comfortable aircraft including free refreshments and bar service. Luggage waiting on the belt when arriving in luggage hall in EDI and BRU and that is a very rare experience in BRU! A pity this route will be discontinued from January.
PLMCGK with Boeing 737500. The flight was on time. Good ticket prices. No IFE but it was fair enough for a 50 minute flight. They provided a bread and a cup of mineral water during flight. The cabin staff were friendly enough.
  Bad company who seeks to take your money, extra costs from the moment you start your order to the last moment of the departure. The highlight was checkin in fine which will surprise you at the airport if you dont want to pay the extra cash for choosing a seat. 
  Singapore to Penang. For this short one hour flight to Penang, Silkair uses the A320 in a 3x3 configuration in economy, SilkAir is the regional branch of Singapore Airlines. A snack of curry puff and a drink was served on this flight. I had the exit row so the leg room was generous. There is no inflight entertainment. You have to download the Silkair Studio app and stream videos and music on your mobile device. So remember to bring along your earphones if you want to use the IFE. Do not expect too much on short regional flights on SilkAir and you will not be disappointed.
ISTGYDIST on B767 very nice and spacious aircraft for such a short flight of 2hrs 40mins. Good selection of food 3 choices of veal  chicken  fish. Professional I would not say friendly and helpful staff. Nice IFE with good selection but a little outdated. On the return morning flight was fully booked. Breakfast had 3 selections of omelette  sausages  pancakes. Good experience but limited destinations of the airline. I would use them if they offer the destination that I would want. Soon they will start Beijing with A340500.
We flew between Paris and Baku return. The service was excellent. The food hot lunch on the way to Baku and hot breakfast on the way back to Paris very good to excellent much better than on North American airlines. It was our first time on this airline and I would fly them again.
  Copenhagen to Vienna. Not a good experience. Lousy customer service with several changes of conditions in the time between reservation and flight, leaving the burden with the customer. I had booked a flight from Copenhagen to Vienna with Laudamotion and went from there on to Innsbruck with Austrian Airlines. In the time span between buying the tickets and the actual trip the airline changed the departure time twice, so what was supposed to be an early evening flight ended up being an afternoon flight. The main problem, however, was that they suddenly changed their baggage policy, not allowing customers to bring their hand baggage onboard but requiring checkin  and, what is worse, making it necessary to collecting the cabin luggage from the carousel at the destination airport. The consequences were 1 Many customers had not heard about the policy change, so people unaware of the new policy queued up at the gate, causing frustration, time pressure and an overall unpleasant atmosphere. 2 For people like me  with continued flights with a different airline  the new policy meant I had to run to collect my bag from the carousel which meant leaving the transfer area and going to the exit area  which is far away, go through another security check and then run all the way back to my terminal. I was also told I would have to check in my baggage once more for the next flight. Which, btw, was the wrong information. Luckily I did not believe them  it turned out that Austrian Airlines still allowed customers to bring their cabin bags. Had I believed them, I would have spent extra time checking in my bag once more. Laudamotions sudden change of baggage policy means that I would never have made it to my next flight  the whole procedure of collecting the baggage, checking in once more and getting back to the terminal takes A lot of time. What saved me was that Laudamotion had changed the departure time a few times  otherwise I would have missed my flight. I would not even have had a chance. I will definitely stay clear of Laudamotion in the future and can only recommend others to do the same.
BEGVIEBEG on new E190. Very good service on a 55 min route. Free luggage up to 20 kg new planes friendly but rather busy crew choice of sandwiches and 2 rounds of soft drinks free of charge! Legroom was ok  leather seats.Most fully fledged carriers on short haul would be left ashamed by level of service offered by Niki.
  Ho Chi Minh City to Seoul. Asiana Airlines is the third 5Star airline that I have travelled after Eva Air and ANA. It is clear that Asians airlines are better than others. Cabin crews were very kind, skilled and the meal was very good. Asiana deserves to be rated 5Star.
Flown with this airline mainly on Vancouver to Comox very impressed that they waited for us a group of five that had been delayed inbound from LGW just a shame that airfares to Vancouver Island very high even with 2 airlines competing on the same route. Will happily use again.
REX Is now flying to CoomaSnowy Mountains airport as of 10th June starting at AUD$129 one way all inclusive I think its on the web. A number of airlines have tried to make it successful but it hasnt worked but with REX already having a good reputation and more financial support I think it might work. My only worry though is that the Airport is at 960m above sea level and is right on the Gt Div Range and its flat and between to other ranges it is a pretty bad wind tunnel and if it snows which is quite often in winter maybe once every 3 weeks will the flights be cancelled?
 Fukuoka to Tokyo. Completely uncomfortable and full stupidity of the crew. Seat are so small I couldnt fit and Im 190cm  6ft 2. Could not sleep, could not work, could not eat. I asked to move to an exit row seat since there were 3 empty ones 3 rows before, but no. The stupidity of the flight attendants and their alienation to rules are stronger than common sense. I had to seat for 2 hours with my back completely twisted and my knees bothering my left neighbors.
  We must be extremely lucky, but our two flights with Intercaribbean, on different routes and different dates, were both fantastic. Last week we fly from Saint Vincent to Barbados, we started and arrived early! Same this week from Barbados to Grenada. We were up and landing in no time, our bags made it super quick, the crew were professional and polite. For flights lasting barely 30 minutes we did not expect either entertainment or service, so it was all as expected. The only thing is that given that we purchased tickets a couple of days before trip date, they were quite expensive. I guess they are a great company for interisland flights, but one should not buy connecting flights to elsewhere for the same day.
CDGTNRFDPTNRCDG The outbound flight was fine but CDG was awful. The queues at check in were a bit long but after an hour we were checked in. The food was nice tea and coffee were served often along with a choice of soft drinks. The seats were quite cramped but there was just enough legroom. The choice of films were not up to much but the music channels were fine with some good Malagasy music in there as well. The aircraft was a 767300. Flying from Tana Antananarivo to Fort Dauphin was an experience. We had to wait for 3 hours at the airport being served coffee with horrible sweetened condensed milk and being handed week old newspapers with payment demanded. We checked in all right though. The plane was an old second generation 737 with no allocated seating. The announcements were in Malagasy and French and some sort of inconprehensible English which just sounded like the air hostess reading some English off a card. Almost no inflight service just a drink of orange juice. Fort Dauphin Airport is interesting no luggage belts so your bag number is shouted out and you have to hand them your ticket to reclaim. The return trip was much the same as the first. At TNR we were delayed for 2 hours for some technical fault which seemed to make no sense whatsoever. It was claimed that Engine number 3 had some sort of problem but there are 2 engines on a 767. As neither of the engines were started when we got on the plane the airconditioners werent working. There are no vents above your head on this 767 either. Some people fainted as we waited for 2 hours on this sweltering plane before we departed. We missed our connection at CDG too. In the end the flight was ok good for third world but bad for everything else.
HKGKHH round trip with A330. Well maintained and clean for such a short flight KA still offered some food and beverages HKGKHH delayed 2 hrs for unknown reason no information provided cabin crew rude not really helpful. Ill try CI or BR next time!
  Check in at Manchester airport was fine, take off time was delayed by 40 minutes as it arrived 20 minutes late. The service has gone downhill since i last flown with them. There was no drinks services or menu cards, it was not a full flight so had the whole row of seats to myself which i utilised as a bed. The A380800 is a great plane to fly, plenty of seat and leg room and alo very quiet. The 2nd journey was completely different, the Boeing 777300er was old, very narrow with limited leg room, the engines were loud,t he comment cattle class comes to mind, there was a vietnamese couple sat next to me, the crew thought i was with them and handed me the same meal  drinks as them, luckily i wanted the same meal as them, she then realised that we were not together when i spoke and asked for a different drink. The crew seemed to lack interest. I would fly with them again but only because of their competitive price
  Seoul to Ho Chi Minh City. This is the coldest airport staff that I have ever met. Anyway aside from attitude, I have been flying with different airlines and usually they will let me check in my luggage as long as it does not exceed the weight limits. It happens that I brought along 2 small luggages this time. They only let me check in 1 luggage which weights less than 6kg my entitlement is 23kg and advise have to pay for another one. I decided to hand carry the other luggage and ended up throwing away a few newly bought cosmetic as the airport guy does not let me bring to the plane. So I travelled all the way to Korea, pay for the goods and come back empty handed. Very good strategy the squeeze tourist money!
If I have to fly a regional jet then I prefer the new generation CRJ 900 which Adria used on todays flight from Amsterdam to Ljubljana. It has much bigger windows which makes the cabin look more spacious. Despite Adria cutting back on a lot of their routes for what it is the service food and cabin is OK.
  Royal Brunei Airlines Business Class ticks every box. Flew from Melbourne to London via Dubai and Brunei. The Dreamliner is a great aircraft, the BC configuration has only 18 seats that recline to a flat bed, staff are ultra attentive, food is great, inflight entertainment is fine without being over extensive. It makes top class Business Class travel affordable for so many more people.
  Aeroflot has set high standards of achieving a 5star airline status and my expectations significantly increased as a result. Positives included a seamless upgrade from Comfort to Business at LHR, good Plaza Premium lounge, very good miles earning vs redeeming ratio. The A350 hard product is phenomenal, especially on a short London route, and the catering on this flight exceeded the expectations usually poor hot meal, however, the 4 cheese pappardelle was very good. However, there are two drawbacks on Aeroflot. Firstly, I  dislike Aeroflots or SVOs standard practice of parking planes at the literally remotest ramps possible in 6C and with ice covering the stairs. I understand there maybe logistics issues, but doing so to a premiumheavy flight like London and for their most luxurious widebody is just beyond logic. I am observing that the crew service on the A350  B777 is poorer than on their other planes. It gave me a feeling that the crew were very much undertrained as a result the service, although efficient, felt very rushed and unpolished.  I still believe that the Aeroflot Business Class is above any of its European counterparts from the overall package size view, and if one manages to upgrade for miles amazing redemption value like I often do, then this product is possibly the best business class. However, fullfare paying passengers might be disappointed, because, in addition to a cuttingedge hard product, for such money, you expect a hospitable and personalised staff service beyond the just tick attitude.  Overall, is Aeroflot a good airline, yes. Is Aeroflot a 5star level airline and is its business class worth paying a full fare, no.
  VivaAerobs doesnt have any type of organization whatsoever when it comes to luggage. This is the 3rd time in the same month that they dont deliver it my destination. This is very frustrating when you fly and dont have your stuff with you. Its a very unfortunate inconvenience.
  It was a connection flight, first one from Egypt, Cairo to Jeddah which was delayed by almost 2 hours which is happen some time, and flight has good quality in terms of legroom, other facilities charging plot, small screen etc, then the connection flight delayed by more than 3 hours were most of the passengers were onboarded, but the flight still waiting 3 other connection flights arrival. Its terrible to sit in an aircraft waiting for your fellow passengers with out providing any facility. Even though it was a hell of flight which arrived 3 hours late at COK and we waited for long for the luggage, which was not taken from Jeddah. After a long wait have to register the complaint which took 23 hours. and finally the officials said the luggage will deliver to your door steps in the coming days, and provided a number to follow up, but till now they never picked up or call back.
  Flight cancellation was so last minute despite weather forecast prediction hours in advance. No compensation. A poor hotel service was provided for overnight stay but it was in the middle of nowhere with no food nor drink provided. Functioned more like a budget airline with subpar standard. Staffs were incompetent, could not clarify questions but had full mastery of not taking any position to help customers while providing us with he says she says answers. Generally very good at pushing responsibility to customers. Luxair does not provide Fragile tag for baggage. Again, the risk is all on the customers. Branded as an international airport, the staffs were poor or broken in English. For the price, anyone would be better off with budget airline.
  Staff were very rude, during the flight, the check in was Very disorganized on my way back to US, staff knew a flight got cancel to NY but still other flights were pending during this time. Instead of opening 1 or 2 windows to deal with the NY flight the staff decided to leave it like that and keep All 8 check in stations stuck with fixing a flight that isnt leaving that night? And make us the other destination passengers LAX  MIA wait standing up for 3 hours. On the check in line, we even have time to rush thru Imigration  Customs, this is very unacceptable. I came 4 hours before my flight to be able to eat something in the airport, instead because this incompetent team though it was a good idea to keep everyone waiting and react at the last minute on passengers who were about to miss flights? LAX flight passengers were very outset, why they staff didnt listen to the advise everyone was suggesting? They just walk away and ignore everyone! This is hospitality to you?  Then on the flight, I fall sleep, they just pass with the car with food, they told me they will bring food, I waited and I never got any food or beverage for a 10 hour flight. 
  Manila to New York via Tokyo. I am very happy with the service and cleanliness of this aircraft! ANA and the FAs are very helpful and accommodating. They are also helpful during the flight not only with my baby but other babies too. They are mindful to our needs as a family and always courteous and polite.
  We paid for premium Economy as Thai call this Full Flex expecting something a bit better than Basic Economy. Nothing was any different except baggage allowance  change ticket fees. Seats, food etc were the very same this was very disappointing. Anyway for our return flight my wife suggested that we change our seats to a bulk head in front because of more leg room. Although we paid through the nose they still wanted another GBP 78.80 each. I contacted Thai Airways about this on January 25th as I write February 26th no reply. I would advise anyone do not fly Thai because the service is second rate and prices are high.
Never heard of this airline until I flew in July on Embraer 190 from Tianjin to Ningbo but impressed by service standards. At the airport the check in and boarding was quick and efficient and FAs were very attentive. Okay their English language skills need improving but never seen such an efficient and smiling set of FAs. Seats comfortable for this quite short trip meals was also good  lack of newspapers though. Will fly them again in September and would have no doubts about recommending them to others as a musttry airline.
  This was my first time flying with Sun Country and I was pleasantly surprised. The plane was a bit old but not to the point of being concerning, just not the bells and whistles you get with a bigger airline. The flight attendants were friendly and made an effort to talk with passengers and were quick to help those with children. Overall, I think Sun Country is a value and will definitely fly with them again!
 Melbourne to Denpasar. I have travelled for the better half of 15 years around the world and this is by far the worst airline I have dealt with. Pathetic excuse of a company. I will never fly Jetstar again
  I had booked a flight which was supposed to leave by 730 pm from Kochi. This was changed into another flight leaving kochi at 800 pm. The second flight was then rescheduled to 915 pm which then left kochi sometime around 945 pm. The journey start time was 10 min after the original journey end time. Now in flight I was having corporate booking and corporate meal was available in the same, the attendant gave us 2 makhana snacks and a winking cow and a coca cola can . We actually do not drink soft drinks, also we were pretty hungry. When asked about the options available, the crew told us that we cant change anything, not even the drink. Once the flight finally arrived at 1134 it took me 44 minutes to receive the bag. I am someone who adjusts a lot and rarely complains but this is too much. GoFirst is the worst way to travel by air in India currently.
On the booking confirmation form downloaded from the Internet it states that it contains all the information about the flight. Except it doesnt tell you which terminal the flight leaves from or that they operate an online checkin service. This resulted in me going to terminal 5 along with a group of Germans flying with another airline being delayed for check in at terminal 1 and eventually missing the flight. My own fault for not being obnoxious enough to push to the front of the queue. I then need to cancel my return flight and try to contact the call centre to get some assistance but all calls to the UK number are barred.
  Nassau to Ft Lauderdale. Bahamasair is the worst company Ive ever flown with! Stay away from it. Both of our flights were rescheduled the first one postponed by 3 hours, we arrived in Nassau by night instead of enjoying the afternoon there as it was planned. Please note that this flight was delayed on top of it. Our return, 3 days after, apparently got canceled tho it still appears on the airport panels? and landing location changed to a further airport! Now waiting in the boarding room for my return flight but the aircraft s got a mechanical issue. No information from staff members! Terrible customer experience to avoid absolutely!
  I suggest you never book the flight via Go First. They rescheduled the flight 2 times on the day of departure without giving a reason of operations. All the further plans are dropped due to this delay. Worst Experience.
 Timmins to Ottawa via Toronto. Having flown a week before with Porter under the basic airfare, I assumed the same bag containing the same things would be acceptable for my return flight. I was told when checking in that I would need to pay an extra 50$ for my bag as it was over the capacity for a personal item. I explained the situation and was told I would have to pay the 50$ to take my bag as they must not have checked my bag thoroughly enough leaving Ottawa. Its important to note I have been flying with Porter for over 3 years, flying approximately 10 times a year, with the same bag and this has been the first time it has been an issue. Luckily Air Canada still offers a personal item and a carry on for a cheaper rate. As such I will be flying Air Canada from now on.
  Very disappointing and infuriating. Paid for upgraded seats  given the two middle seats of a row of four  hideous when going to the bathroom several times over a long flight. Cabin crew annoyed that we were not happy about our money being stolen by their company for services not given. Practically threw our food and drink at us the whole flight  it was ordinary at best anyway. To give credit we did arrive more or less on time and safely so really that is what you ultimately want. However then ensued several months of emails trying to at least get a refund for the services not supplied  no joy with this and in fact some very weird emails promising refunds which never materialised. What a waste of time  would never fly with Lufthansa again and definitely would not recommend. Im was really surprised that the German national air carrier is so abysmal!
  Frontier Gate Staff at some airports, especially Philadelphia and Dallas will make you feel like youre a charity case and they are so rude and arrogant. The are very good at driving your blood pressure high. Their new chat bot based customer service is terrible because it keeps populating and prompting same set of QAs. You can see that someone manually entered these QAs to prompt and answer, so youre basically stuck with that and getting a person on the phone is very difficult. They switch their Gates and sometimes at the last minute and there will be no notification to your email or phone. If you miss the announcement or happen to be in the restroom then you basically miss the flight waiting at the wrong gate. Go Wild Pass Review I was not able to book a single flight to Miami, Las Vegas, San Francisco, San Diego, Seattle, Denver and to other major destinations from NYCLGA during this summer season using Go Wild Pass . So, my only options are either Philadelphia or Islip, NY. Philly is 100 miles from where I live and Islip, NY is 60 miles and both options are costly and time consuming. If someone from NYC thinking to buy Go Wild Pass then be aware that during the high season your chances are zero that youll be able to use the pass from NYC LGA.
  I never knew that in this time and age, there would be people working in the airline industry without any semblance of professionalism. My husband and I had the worst experience traveling back home to Orlando from Phoenix. The Spirit agents were very unprofessional in relaying to us and other passengers about our delayed flight. The team members all need frequent practical and developmental courses on how to deal with passengers whenever there is a situation involving delays and or flight cancelation. It was as if, passengers affected by these circumstances are not seen as important anymore. The agents and supervisors on schedule during that time were very pompous and inconsiderate towards the passengers being affected. I am greatly disappointed in the way we were treated by those agents working at that particular time and date. It is not my intention to travel with the Spirit Airlines anytime soon!
 Southwest continues to be our goto airline with 12 roundtrips this year so far. The service, price, baggage policy, and cancellationchange policy cannot be touched by any other airline. The price cannot be matched by any other airline. After looking at other options, I cannot fathom why anyone wouldnt choose Southwest first. We love em.
  Manchester to Banjul via Casablanca. Good flights, pleasant staff, no problems. Everything went smoothly and would definitely fly with Royal Air Maroc again. I would definitely recommend them to anyone who asks about my journey
  St. Croix to San Juan. The flight was fine  customer care before and after was sub par. At checkin I was refused checking my bags through to my final destination. My printed itinerary showed entire route attendant didnt care. Called United my connecting airline who acknowledged everything was in place and correct they called Cape Air. Response they still didnt care would not make the change. We had to get our bags in San Juan go back to United check them through go through TSA again and run to get on the plane. I am not a fan of Cape Air they had the power to fix it at check in and refused multiple times. Lazy, Uncaring and not my problem, was the attitude. never again.
  Vancouver to Kathmandu via Nanjing, Kunming. Awful experience with this airline  their flight combinations seem to be purposefully set so that they are just over the 24hr limit for a transit visa most are 24.5 hours, how does that not look suspicious?. I was denied boardingcheckin due to my transit time in China being too long, despite looking into it, and the Chinese Embassy website and airline websites being very deceiving and unclear about this. My understanding was I could get a 72hour transit visa given my transit cities, and nowhere does it explicitly say you cant have multiple cities to get a 72hour transit visa, only one, so I was declined from boarding and lost hundreds of dollars to this airline. It seems they purposefully set you up for failure with just barely too long transit times in China  cant even imagine how much money they must make from setting people up for this mistake, and I did my research, but even the embassy website is unclear. They are completely unhelpful and impossible to understand if you call in. Half of the time they didnt pick up, and otherwise, they are completely unhelpful and rude if they do pick up at any of the support numbers although some were out of service since 2017. If you dont speak Chinese, theres even less hope. Flight prices definitely reflect the service., but after traveling around the world, I have never been met with such ridiculously awful service from an airline. So disappointed and frustrated  this shouldnt be allowed to gOuge customers due to them offering flights with transit time just barely too long  but at the end of the day, the finger is strategically pointed at the customer and they make thousands of extra dollars in cancellation and rebooking fees. Completely unacceptable.
  I have encountered multiple problems with Levels customer service. Their processing payment system is extremely delayed. I received no confirmation that a flight was booked until a transaction showed up on my credit card several days later. Save yourself the misery of being passed around by their customer service and the multiple calls you will have to make to hopefully get a refund.  Excuses consist of system isnt working,  the supervisor is only here from 6am3pm, the supervisor is only here from 8am3pm. I was sporadically hung up on. When I asked to review them. I was not given a website. I was told its too late for a refund. Even though I called in the 24 hour period. I booked a flight on 98 from EWR to Paris return. Two separate one way tickets for my boyfriend and I. Great deal $306 for both tickets per person. I did not receive a confirmation form my flight from EWR  ORY. I called Level for help. Their staff is all Spanish speaking. No one can quickly and concisely help you if you are speaking English. On 4818 I called Iberia for help. A man instructed me that the purchase did not go through and to re purchase the ticket. I called my bank and confirmed that the purchase did not go through. I re purchased again. The man insured I would be reimbursed if the charge appeared on my account later. I repurchased the ticket through the man with Iberia. I Still did not receive confirmation that this ticket was purchased until 2 days later. If you use their website to confirm the booking  good luck by my tickets never showed up under my booking. This time two transactions showed up on my card 2 days later. April 13th two more charges appeared. I decided to cancel the flights on April  8th in the 24 hour period. I canceled because of the additional time and cost it would take to get from home city to EWR. This cancelation was made less than 12 hours form the original purchase. I called on 4818. The man could only see one of the tickets purchased. He was supposed to cancel the flight with the purchase that went though. He said refund would be made in anywhere from 530 days? 5  30 days?! They should know when a refund will be made! It is APRIL 20th and I am still yet to receive a refund for the ticket from PARIS EWR. For $314 dollars. I called on 41818. Agent was able to help me get a refund for the $148 that appeared on my bank statement on April 13th. I received and email with the refund receipt that same day I called April 18th. However the refund was for the incorrect amount. I then received a random $97 from Iberia. The refund receipt has no details or information on it. So I do not know where this $97 dollars is coming from!  I am awaiting a call from the supervisor to find out why I have not received this refund. I have never called probably 10 times. This is the most exhausting and frustrating process I have ever went though with a company.
  Booked a family trip in January. 2 Adults and two Kids. Alaska airlines opted to combine two flights into 1. My family was kicked out of the premium seats we had paid for, and where dispersed throughout the plane. After spending an hour on the phone with the airline, we are all together on our return flight not in premium But our outbound flight still has our children separated from us, but in premium. The only help the airline offered is for us to talk with the gate agent and hope that someone is willing to swap. We where never notified of out seats being changed. If I had not been a proactive person, we would not have found out we where dispersed through the plane till we arrived.
  Flight from Frankfurt Hahn to Tirana. Two months out from the flight it got rescheduled from midday to 930pm. Inconvenient. On the day of the flight it was then delayed by one hour. The boarding was an utter farce. Wed paid for priority boarding but it was an uncontrolled rush for the seats. Do not bother with priority boarding. Worst ever flight experience
 I have flown with KLM on many occasions, and I have to say their service is one of the best on my experience. I used Air France on the first leg of my flight and the service was night and day. I have to also praise the air hostess in KLM, always happy and willing to help.
  Flight attendants were extremely helpful, they helped us consolidate our weight and also helped us fly without any bags. Both of them help. Thank u so much Poonam. I will definitely fly again with Vistara and also recommend to others.
My husband and I were on a leisure trip from Atlanta to Phoenix. Our flight from Atlanta was delayed 3 hours due to Mechanical Issues. Fortunately we flew direct and did not have a connecting flight but there were many on our flight who did. When we arrive in Phoenix there was a delay getting the cabin doors open so we could disembark. I dont know what that was all about. No explanation from crew. On our return flight from Phoenix to Atlanta again a 1.5 hour delay due to Mechanical Issues. We will never fly US Airways again.
 This is one of the worst airlines in Europe. Expensive and its even more expensive to change your booking. The staff are very rude and service is horrible. They delay flights at will and repeatedly give wrong information about flights. Take your business elsewhere.
  Flight departure from Tampa 0700 to Montego Bay. Arrival to airport 0430 get in a line of approximately 200 people for a mandatory check in at the Frontier counter. Line moves very slow with one agent doing the check ins. At approximately 0630 agent announces, no more ticket will be printed for flight to Montego Bay because plane is at the gate. I have an alternative option, you guys can go over to Orlando because frontier has a flight heading out to Montego Bay 1600 there. So approximately 70 passengers were left to make the decision to make their way to Orlando in order to make their trips to Montego Bay. Once arriving to Orlando flight scheduled to leave at 1500 then gets delayed to 1700 with a gate change. There was no remorse, apologies nor accommodation made on behalf of Frontier for any of the inconveniences they caused. No other airline had this long check in line. No other airline had these check in inconveniences. We didnt have the usual option of a pre check in online. Frontier caused a great deal of inconvenience and a day of vacation activity with not even an apology. The employees are rude, the airline is unaccommodating and I wouldnt advise anyone to book with them!
Very impressed! We booked an economy return flight from London to Melbourne via Dubai and BWN for the Easter Break. We hadnt planned on going to Oz but after finding an amazing price with Royal Brunei we had to go! We had 6 flights In total and couldnt fault either of them. Flights were on time staff were very polite and couldnt do enough for you. The planes were clean. However the seats could have done with some more padding! I was in the window seat on row 50 no windows for two of the flights. Avoid these seats if you can as the side of the aircraft encroaches on your space and became uncomfortable. The food was varied for all of our flights but was tasty. The crew were very attentive and were giving out drinks throughout each of the flights. The wait at BWN Is a tad on the long side but that would be my only gripe. I will definitely fly Royal Brunei again.
  Every time I fly American Airlines there is always a delay. This time we sat on plane waiting to take off for 2 hrs. Missing our connecting flight in Dallas. This airline does not care about its passengers, they dont care about safety or if you miss your flight e aisles of there technical issues. If one flight is late and there is a lot of people on the delayed flight for connecting flight, they should wait for the passenger.  Their service is low budget. Theyre unorganized and unpredictable. Take your money to Delta or Southwest. Never flying with them again in my life. Ruined our Trip. Now we have to sleep in the airport. 
Basel Mulhouse to Algiers on 1903206. It was scheduled for 1450 and departed at 2006, without any explanation, excuse or apology. The only representative the company had at the airport could not give any information, nor provide any help to the hundreds of passengers stuck at the airport. What is even worse is that the company has no customer service to contact, no telephone number and no email address. The only way to contact the company is through a form on their website to which you will never get any answer ever! 
  Made an online booking since the fares were cheaper than others. To be fair to them the flight crew were helpful and attentive on the outward journey. The return flight was cancellede. We were promised a refund. After a month of waiting, started communicating via e mails. Absolutely no response. Calls and mails received but no refund. After much follow up and constantly asking received my refund after 6 weeks.
 SQ 212 on B777300 SYDSIN  A3509 SINBKKSIN  SQ 231 on A380 SINSYD. First international flight since covid. Two things stand out  as expected, Singapore Airlines were up to their usual high standards with requests, checkin, seating and efficient, friendly cabin service. Despite aircraft being full, a polite request for preferred seating afforded us seats near bulkheads or in exit rows  making the longer sectors far more pleasant with the extra legroom. Flights departed on time, cabin and toilets kept clean at all times. The 2nd issue of significance was that one of my 2 baggage items was nowhere to be seen upon arrival in BKK. This was at a time when all airlines were ramping up after covid and many were having issues with misplaced, lost or late baggage. In fairness to SQ, the item was oversize and handled separately AND we had a tight connection of only 1 hour in SIN. It was reported to staff and next morning I received an email saying the smallish item had been located. I received a phone call and then another email updating me of the delayed baggage and that it would be delivered to my home 100km from BKK airport by courier  and it DID arrive as promised !. Excellent communication and service. It was apparent the item had missed the connecting flight in Singapore  as evidenced by the rush stickers etc all over the article.. Singapore Airlines  a cut above the others.
  We were scheduled for our initial flight 850 from Nairobi to Cairo at 425 a.m. in business class, minutes before boarding the airport display showed one hour delay, and according to the staff from Egyptair, a flat tire needed to be replaced. Hours had passed by with no real indication as to what the situation was and passengers had become very frustrated demanding answers. After five long hours, one of the executive representatives of Egyptair mentioned to all of the passengers they were going to put up in a hotel because they couldnt find a spare tire for the aircraft. We waited another two hours for the bus transportation and hotel accommodations. The whole deal was horrifying with the transition of getting a new visa to enter back into the country. The business class lounge had no real accommodating, nourishing food. It was basically appetizers and finger food that couldnt hold our nurturing standers for the long hours. The bus transportation had no AC we were stuffed with our luggage and belongings into the bus like sardines being on top of each other not having any personal space or being mindful of COVID19. I will never use Egyptair or recommend it to anyone.
  We flew this domestic airline as the internal flight to our international return flights. The flight was on time but that was only good thing about it. The check in crew had no idea how to check in a baby cot and stroller. They said to take them on as hand luggage, these would never have fitted in the overhead. Once processed for checked luggage, we then had to ask for a tag to be printed to attach to the bags so they knew they were ours. Staff talking to each other in their own language when we asked a question. The return leg of our flight was so scary. We had come in to land and about to touchdown when the plane suddenly took off again. It climbed to quite a height at such a sharp angle, it made some people reach for the vomit bags. After approx 15 mins we were told they couldnt land due to winds. The plane had now flown past the airport and proceeded to circle with no update on when we were coming down. I felt such panic. Even more upsetting was having no updates from cabin crew and no apology or explanation upon finally landing. I dont think well be flying this airline again on our next SA visit.
  Seoul to Vientiane. I had to wait an hour standing in line just to receive my boarding pass. I was not able to check in online. While waiting in line, they also allowed someone to bypass me who hadnt been waiting in line at all. Once on board, I found the seats werent comfortable. The bathroom was the smaller bathroom I have ever been in. I could barely even wipe. They only offered one meal and because I dont eat fish, I was not able to eat. There was no tv and the flight was for 5 hours and 40 min. There was no option to upgrade to a better seat, it was very cold on the plane, and no place to plug in phones.
I have flown on Iran Air for many years but our last couple of flights put me off. On one flight travelling with our little girl of 9 months there were no nappy changing facilities provided in the toilets. We asked one of the stewards and he said Is this your first time flying with Iran Air? ie what do you expect from us. So we had to change the soiled nappy on the floor of the aircraft not very pleasant for the other passengers I am sure! The entertainment is next to nil. Iranian movies are shown via oldstyle projectors and often the headphone sockets dont work. On our flight the entire left hand side did not work no sound. On a previous flights although seated in nonsmoking some passengers insisted on smoking. I raised this with the steward and he was reluctant to impose authority and ask the passengers to stop smoking. I had to get up and do it myself which is what the crew should have done. The aircraft are very old and safety comes to mind. Overall control of passengers by crew is very low. Aircraft is still on the runway after touchdown and passengers are getting their handluggage and standing up without much intervention by the cabin crew.
  I am already in Portugal so contacted them today and they cancelled my return flight because I was 10 minutes late calling them, even though I tried for 2 hours to get through the day before. Now I am unable to get back and they have kept the 500 pounds. Customer service is shocking, they have no intention of helping you.
  So disappointed. I will never fly with this airline again. The most undereducated, complete even lack of try to understand arguments. My children 7 and 10 are flying today unattended by an adult with flight attendant. According to UK Government rules children under 11 do not need Covid test. I tried to reason with the checkin agent who wouldnt even hear what I had to say. Their tickets were detained by the airline staff and I had to pay GBP 420 so they could come home
  Do not use this airline. They have terrible, anti customer policies and do not deserve your hard earned money. My sister and I had tickets to Paris, but had to cancel our trip due to our grandfathers death. They said that since he didnt pass on the day of the flight, they wouldnt refund our tickets. They have refused to grant a refund of grieving customers because they want a couple hundred extra dollars. Trash customer service.
 Very pleasant experience! There was a delay for sure, but this is almost normal these days. The temperature in the plane was comfortable, the movies were good almost 200 movies to choose from, the seat was comfortable and the legroom as in other planes.
  Kuwait to Amman. Both flights were  on time. However, the attitude of the air hostesses was horrible and the food was even worse. One of the cabin crew, in the middle of safety audio, stopped demonstrating and went back to her seat while the audio was still playing. Simply put, the airline needs to recruit better people and give serious training before putting them on board. We booked Hindu nonvegetarian meals and were given croissants and a muffin without even being asked by the air hostess about special meal. They also do not offer water and the passengers have to literally snatch water cups from the food tray.
  Bulgaria air have the values of BA 2 decades ago. A bottle of water when you step onboard  inflight sandwich and drinks free of charge and accompanied by a little chocolate. Relaxed atmosphere. Well dressed crew with a goodall be it a little relaxed attitude. Overall, Bulgaria air get my vote. Also when flying business, dont worry about baggage rules or anything like that. 
  The flight seemed quite full with huge line up at the gate security area. No priority line but thats ok. Boarding was odd with just a gate agent yelling out instructions. The seat was fine but no bottle of water which was disappointing. We used book the cook. My husbands beef cheek was tender but my steak was too tough to cut or even bite into. The crew were lovely but disorganised. The right side of the plane were offered bread after the meal not before. My side missed out entirely. Arriving at Ho Chi Minh city, no priority line for immigration. Never mind. It was a 510 flight. Nothing special.
  Worst airline ever. Lack of clear communication. Doesnt offer solutions nor options for their delays causing lost of connections. If you thought Spirit was bad, JetBlue is the worst!
  Mumbai to London. I booked a return ticket for my sister by my debit card. While getting the boarding pass,They asked to show authorization letter she did not have in hard copy, she showed my authorization in whatsapp at the counter but they refused to issue boarding pass. And she had to return back home. When i contacted their customer care and asked they refund the return ticket they told you been penalized for no show.
  Our luggage is lost. It was supposed to come on next flight and be delivered to us last night or else by 9am this morning. There is still no sign of it and absolutely no communication from the airline. The phone number I was given is not working. They are not responding to my emails. We have a six day holiday in San Diego and the first day is already destroyed. Well done Air Alaska. Also, they were left short on restocking so the only refreshment we received on our flight was a 250ml carton of water that tasted vile. A relatively minor complaint but another example of lack of concern or regard for customers. Zero marks for customer care.
  I was flying Business Class from Sofia to Frankfurt. I wasnt offered welcome drink and the so called food is a miserable sandwich  same one offered in Economy. Whats funny is that Economy gets bottles of water on their seats and Business didnt! Ridiculous. The chocolate is not edible. In Sofia we boarded a bus to take us to the airplane, which is unpleasant. In Frankfurt we landed so far away from the gates, we travelled 20 minutes by bus! Dont fly Business Class with this airline.
  Mazatlan  to Dallas Ft.Worth. The plane had only 1 working bathroom which resulted in the aisle being blocked for almost the entire flight. This is unsafe and inconveniet. When I checked in, even though I paid extra for my ticket to be able to have a carry on, they made me check it. I told them I didnt want to because I had medicine in it. They told me to take the meds out and check it. Why did I pay extra for my ticket?
Warsaw  Minsk in Business. Good if slightly oldfashioned russianstyle meal served on this 50 minute flight. Only alcohol availiable was congac a nice variety from Georgia. Friendly crew who seemed genuinely happy to serve. A nice experience.
THRMHDTHR. Excellent service on A300600. Wellstocked lounge in Tehran and business class checkin done by Mahan Air. Onboard 60inch seat pitch and offered drinks and hotcold towels. Both ways there a choice of delicious meal. Also very cheap at only £110 return in business.
  Contrary to almost all airlines in this Covid19 situation, who allow rebooking at no fee or a voucher, Cyprus Airways have decided they will give NO voucher or rebooking for next year. Hence you either fly  even if your family includes people at risk my partner who was traveling with me  or you lose 80 of your expensive flight. We werent even asking for a reimbursement and we would have accepted to pay a change fee. But SpringSummer 2021 timetables are not published and they dont do vouchers only airport taxes. Even if we lose our full ticket, we will never fly Cyprus Airlines again. All airlines are in difficult situations but it is in these moments that service and fair rules make all the difference in the world. Never again with them  even if I pay more or make a stopover. Shame on them.
  My flight was scheduled to leave at 717 am. Since I am supposed to get to the airport 1.52 hours before the flight, I was up early and arrived at 515am. At 536 am I received a notification from American that this flight was delayed until 945am because of logistical issues. As a result I missed my connecting flight. I was supposed to get into Little Rock for 1115am and now have a connecting flight putting me in little rock for 826pm. Having read the reviews on American Airlines before booking this flight, I should have heeded the warnings. Lesson learned! Wanted to give American Airlines a chance to prove the reviews wrong. I was wrong, American lives up to its subpar reviews. Because of logistical issues rearrange my transportation, reservations and housing. I have never flown American before and will never fly them again.  I tried to call American Airlines and was on hold for 36 minutes. Never got to talk to a person.  I fly 6 times a year on average, United, Delta, Jet Blue have been seamless. American is in the bottom tier for a reason, great way to put yourself out of business.
  Worst airline possible. They are rude and dont care. They charged my family over 600 dollars for the luggage that they already had paid for. And not only that they charged my dads card 400$. Do not fly with them, they dont care about anyone. 
  I fly with Thai AirAsia to Chiang Rai from Hat Yai. Check in via online and print out the air ticket. My flight is 720am Thailand time and arrived by 940am Thailand time. That time I get cheapest rate around RM130person. Check in is fast! Check in around 2 hours before we fly through the sky. Upon waiting, there is free WiFi before departure and have food and beverages. No entertainment features on the plane. On the plane, the seat is narrow.  Cabin crew are very friendly. They speak Thai, English, Mandarin and Bahasa Malaysia. There is no free food and beverages.  When arrived, they not allowed everyone to move in the plane once landing until final stop. When leave the plane, they say like have a good journey. Ill take Thai AirAsia again in the future.
  I would like to give a great review for Alexis Hayes at Sun Country in Minneapolis Airport. First time flying with my service dog, I missed my original flight and she helped us get a new flight, with no issues. Very polite and extremely helpful.
I flew Virgin America 3 times within three weeks from CHI to SFO and back. The first trip was on Virgin America because it was the cheapest. The second was because I was extremely impressed with the quality of the airline. I flew American on one of those legs due to a last minute obligation on my part and Virgin America is a league above. The leg room is plentiful and seats are comfortable Im 64 and didnt feel cramped at all. JetBlue, Virgin America and Turkish are the only 3 airlines where I fit comfortably in economy class. There are also power outlets at each seat. Every seat has its own TV screen with plenty of free and paid media options. You can order food and drinks through the TV, a very slick system and much preferable to the old call button approach. Soft drinks are free, but all food must be paid for. However its reasonable. I paid $13 for a small bottle of champagne and a generous cheese, meat and veggie platter. The staff is very friendly and the cabin has trendy purple and blue mood lighting, modern music and an interesting safety music video en lieu of the typical demonstration. Its a fun approach to the staid airline protocol were used to. Overall I was very impressed and would pay a bit more to fly Virgin America when possible.
 AWFUL AIRLINE Do not use them. Kept us in a plane on the tarmac for 1.5 hours. Then took us of as they hadnt prepared the plane adequately. All they could do was put us on a plane 5.5 hours later which went to Heathrow and not Gatwick. We were informed we would be reimbursed the additional travel costs incurred. Have used their complaints service to try and get money back as there is no other means to do so. My emails have been ignored. Spent 45 minutes trying to get through their customer service on the phone they simply suggested I email them another complaint. They are a dreadful airline. Will never use them again.
MKYBNEMLB return. Overall positive experience ontime friendly courteous staff. Clean aircraft with plenty of legroom nice snackfood and bar service on the evening flight back to MKY. Qantas is still my preferred airline.
  I booked a flight from Guangzhou to London on 14 September 2022. On the morning of 14 September, I received a call that my seat had been canceled. I was so angry and confused, so I went to the airport after I got the call. I arrived at the airport and spoke to the duty manager at the checkin desk. I was told that there were 4 passengers who have the same problem as me and he could help me to see if anyone cancel his seat before the departure so that I could get on the flight. I was so lucky that someone canceled the tickets and I successfully boarded the flight. I appreciate the staff help.
 010 they delay flights like its their job then rush you to board. Worst experience ever. Do not fly Avelo even though the prices are low its not worth the hassle. Never again !
  Tenerife to Prague. Disappointing flexibility in luggage weight. Didnt accept 2.5, offered to take some things out but they wouldnt even accept less overweight of checked in luggage. For a flight that cost 250300 euros thats quite stingy. I understand that you get what you pay for, but the staff wouldnt even accept half a kilo extra.
My girlfriend and I were booked to fly Georgian Airways flight to Paris to get on our connecting flight to Madagascar. My girlfriend wasnt allowed to fly out of Tblisi where Georgian Airways claimed she needed a transit visa to fly through Paris on the way to Madagascar. We had no intention of leaving the airport in Paris and simply wanted to board our next flight. We were told by the staff that they were scared she would try to run off in Paris and they would have to pay a fine and basically treated us terribly for the 6 hours we were there. My girlfriend has an Armenian passport but shes currently held visas to the US and Europe. This whole story of transit visas is ridiculous and Ive never heard of such a thing. We phoned two French embassies, and both agreed there was no case for a transit visa. So after not being able to fly and losing our tickets and 2,000 euros which the ticket seller refused to refund because a transit visa is not needed and isnt a valid excuse! we went back down to Armenia and had to rebuy last minute tickets for 5,000 euros, and we flew to Madagascar with Air France via Paris without any transit visa or any hassle and went on to join our holiday. But the agony, the tears, the money, and overall inhumane treatment at Georgian airways was more then I can bare. The staff really treated her like she was some form of criminal.  The money I lost on this trip is not nearly painful as all the crying and anger at this situation and it ruined the whole mood at the start of this wonderful celebratory trip we were about to undertake. Now Georgian Airways wont even respond to complaint emails.
  Seoul to Ho Chi Minh City. I have had to buy 2 flights and pay an 80,000 KRW baggage fee because of the incompetence of this airline, and particularly the website, which does not work. Neither of the two sets of login details I was given was recognised, and the first time the website screwed up the date, giving me a flight on the week before. Calling the contact center in Ho Chi Minh city, by a native Vietnamese speaker and they could find no details at all of my flight, but said that since they couldnt find the flight details, that I would have to rebuy the ticket. This I did. On the website Trip.com there was no details at all about checked luggage, so I assumed the details on the previous flight would be the same. A simple google search reveals the following Baggage allowance The maximum weight allowed is 20kg for international flights and 15kg for domestic flights. For hand baggage, you are allowed one small carryon bag with three sides less than 115cm and lighter than 10kg. Checkin staff at Incheon recognised my position as being just but refused to do anything at all to help, and dumped me with an 80,000 KRW fee. This will be the last won you will get out of me.
  Worst customer service ever! After receiving an email that my return flight was cancelled, it was absolutely impossible to get in touch with Customer Service. I tried calling the numbers listed online several days in a row, however, to no avail, as I was kept on hold for over an hour each time, after which I hung up. They do not respond to emails, and take over a week to respond to messages sent via the online form on their website which is unacceptable, considering the timesensitive nature of rebooking flights for business trips. Would not recommend or travel with them again.
  London to Manila via Seoul. I was impressed with Asiana from the start, being able to check in luggage some 6 hours before the flight from Heathrow meant i was able to go into departures and wait there. 23kg allowance was also welcome. Boarding process was a little different with no row numbers being used to speed up the process. Just form a line then go. Even in economy the seat was ok comfort wise with adequate legroom. Aircraft has a 333 layout so if you like to walk about during the flight the aisle seats are the best option. Cabin crew were welcoming and friendly although the English speaking skills were not particularly good. As this was a mid evening departure the drinksfood service started soon after take off with a western or Korean option being offered. I took the western option and it was good. No water was given as part of the meal though. Crew did make regular trips with water and juice during the flight. Before arrival a snack was served again it was good. IFE was adequate with a limited choice on offer when compared to other airlines. Arrived in Seoul and found the transfer process to be very easy. Had a 2 hour wait here before onward flight. Boarding was again a bit chaotic with just a long line rather than row numbers. Crew were welcoming but the A330 was looking its age. Seat comfort Legroom and IFE were of a lessor standard but ok for a flight of this length. Once again a meal was served which was good.
I am 76 and require a cane to walk, our seats were changed after we had adjacent aisle assigned seats 5 months prior thru our travel advisor. My wife was put 12 rows behind me, I was put into a window seat between 2 bulkheads, I am 62 and 315 lbs  no room and cannot move my feet because bulkheads went to the floor. Tried to get the seat changed at the counter, after 40 minutes, they basically advised me to accept the seat or wait for another plane to Portugal?. On board the service personnel were in a race to complete service and were somewhat rude to passengers, none of them seemed happy to be working that day. The plane had no videoTV screens and I had no tray available for the poor food service provided, could not even eat the meal provided. Talked to seatmate and found out his travel companion was also relocated elsewhere on the plane after they had seats together when they bought their tickets. My wife came up and changed seats with me the last half of the flight, found out that other passengers had their seating also changed at the last minute as well.
Return Subang to Penang. Outward leg fine punctual and efficient but the next day I received a phone call from Firefly to say may return flight to Subang had been cancelled because of technical problems  but they could put me on an earlier to which I agreed. I arrived at Penang airport to find the earlier flight was actually an MAS flight to KLIA. In fairness they paid for a taxi from KLIA to Subang to enable me to collect my car but beware as it is apparently common for Firefly to cancel flights when they have a poor load factor  this information came from a member of their staff.
  Staff at Brisbane are very rude. No customer service at all. As we only had carry on luggage they weighed my partner and my bags together and said it was less than 1kg overweight so would have to pay $38. I said that is ridiculous amount for less than 1kg. They told us we could go thru our bags and reduce the weight. So we both took some clothes out of our bag and put them on and the bag was considered fine. The same weight was still going on the plane and they knew that. So you cant tell me the weight restrictions and penalty for it is not just a money grabbing exercise from this airline. Plane was delayed but no announcement were made about that. The ground staff really need to learn customer service and smiling and acknowledging passengers would be a good start.
  I booked a flight LGWBKK on 0522 Flight departing 18922 On the 6922 I emailed scoot to check the flight was still scheduled to leave on the 18th as Id seen a few flights had been cancelled, they just ignored me. 18922 day of my flight the Scoot app was telling me to go to the airport. The flight had been cancelled but I had not been informed. They just left me stranded. I had to buy another ticket at a cost of £700, had they informed me of the cancellation this would have been a lot cheaper. I claimed my entitled compensation from Scoot, to be told they had emailed me on the 7th July and informed me of the cancellation and no its not in my junk folder, I checked with my private email provider they had not made contact with me, they are basically just lying as this gets them out of having to pay compensation. I asked for proof of this and received something a 10 year old could have knocked up in photoshop, It did not prove anything. They take about 8 weeks to respond to you if youre lucky, they dont answer the phone for hours, when the call gets tricky they just hang up. Whatever you do, do not fly with this airline, they dont care about you or any rights you have, they will just lie. Finally after a year I got my money back but no compensation.
  Flew on Garuda Indonesia on the GA 863 flight from Jakarta to Sorong. Checkin was not so busy as it was after 2100pm, however the process was quick as I was helped by Herbert from the Garuda ground Priority Team. He then escorted me through security and into the Lounge where I was put in a VIP Room. When boarding was announced Herbert came and escorted me to the plane, the Garuda Cabin crew were on hand to welcome me and direct me to my seat. After takeoff, a choice of two meals was offered, however I chose to try and get some sleep as it is approx. a 4 hour over night flight. The flight itself was good and the stewardess Putri was quite helpful. The flight landed just after 0615am local time Sorong. My baggage was delivered very quickly, and I was on my way to another flight. Overall, for such a short 4hour overnight flight it was quite good.
  Chengdu to Nanjing, very good experience. During the flight. I got sleepy and I cannot find my glasses. Cabin crew help me for finding. The cabin crew never give up when I all ready dropped. At last they find it. I quite appreciated about this. Thanks a lot for their help.
  The flight attendants on this flight were absolutely amazing. I came on the flight in full anxiety, worry that I would be missing my next flight. However, they did what they could at least what is in their control to prevent it. Thank you so much for putting a little bit of ease to my mind.
Subang to Penang and Firefly is a great little airline. No fuss but great value for money and frequency to its destinations.
 Wuhan to Taiyuan. The experience was not that good. It is a midnight red eye flight, however, the cabin is so noisy and none of cabin crew come out to maintain the order. The snack means just a pack of peanuts.
  Awful customer service! I purchased a 2segments tickets through China Airline website. The 2nd segment New York to Boston was carried by JetBlue. When I contacted China Airlines to get refund for the 2nd segment, they told me that JetBlue did something to the ticket so they cant process the ticket in their system right now. I asked China Airlines to talk directly to JetBlue, but they wouldnt do it. They kept asking me to translate their issues for them although I dont even know some of the terminology used. And each time when I called back to China Airlines, I got connected to a different rep so I had to repeat my story and tell the 2nd rep about what the first rep told me and what JetBlue told me. These went on for 4 rounds. Each round, I had to explain more, why there need to be a refund, what the 1st rep said, what JetBlue replied, what the 2nd rep said, etc. It is an unbelievably bad customer service. Finally, somehow they were able to process it and told me theyd contact me about the refund. Few days later, I got an email from China airline telling me that yes, they could refund me now, but Ill need to personally go to a China Airlines office, which is in a completely different state, far from the state I live to get this refund! I was very furious and replied by asking who would pay the airfare for me to fly to another state to get this refund in person and why couldnt they simply refund the money back to the credit card I used to purchased the tickets in the first place. At this moment, I have not gotten any reply about my email and have not seen the money deposited to my credit card either.
  Horrible customer service. After being on hold for hours on end not a single agent was able to assist in changing my flight time. Completely incompetent and unhelpful staff who cannot process a single email. Will never recommend this airlines and never use it again.
Well its a budget airline, so you dont expect things to be like a full cost one. But these days the standard is lifting. I recently flown Jetstar Japan and Peach. The issue with Peach is customer service and on ground services at the airport. Im writing this as I sit in a converted cargo shed in the Naha freight terminal. Waiting to board a flight that is already late. That is after the most confusing and messed up check in. Peach are strict about checked bags. One peice per person. Due to an extra bag and some odd weight limit per person policy combined carry on and checked, which I have not seen with other carriers, we ended up doing a repack on the floor at the check in. Due to language issues I mistakenly left a knife I purchased in Japan in a bag that was intended to be checked but became a carry on at the last minute. Ok thats my fault but then again if the did not have such a wacky bag and weight policy I would not have been forced to repack in pressured conditions and made to the mistake I did and lost a unique souvenir. Im yet to actually fly but Im not expecting much now. Sure I should have read all the policy info, but the point is when compared to the competition operating in the same market Peach is miles behind on customer service. I did read reviews here that said as much, they were 3 years ago, I assumed the airline may have improved since then. Not so. Fly Peach but just make sure you read the fine print with these guys. Or better still fly another LCC.
  Amsterdam to Reykjavik. The flight was delayed on the outbound journey, the plane was not clean, and some cabin staff were unprofessional. On the return flight, the flight was 2 hours 20 minutes delayed. We were offered 5 euros to buy a meal, but that only buys a cola? I would never recommend Transavia to people.
  Manila to Seattle via Seoul Incheon on A350 and B777. A350 is quite new and their Boeing 777 seems old. Food services are really excellent! They are constantly offering drinks during the entire flight. Wide variety of drink options. Leg room are very decent for an Economy Class. However, AVOD is limited and they should have more options. Overall experience is good. Will definitely choose Asiana again when flying Long Haul to USA.
Brussels to Cancun via Varadero. If you want a big chance of missing any connection flight, or ruining one day of your vacations, or missing one day at work and have in return just a cynical response, avoid Jetairfly.  My final destination was Mexico City, so I booked the last available flight CancunMexico because when you buy a ticket with Jetairfly, you know the schedule is very very probable going to change. My original flight was scheduled at 950 am, and was going to arrive to Cancun at 530 pm. One night before, they sent me an email saying that they changed the flight to 300pm, 6 hours later, so, I was going to miss the flight Cancun to Mexico. I changed the flight, with a very big penalty that was the same as booking a new flight. Then when I was about to arrive to the airport after 2 hr ride from my home at the south of Belgium, they sent me another mail not even they have the attention to call you saying that the flight was delayed again to 1845pm. And, I was going to miss the second flight I purchased to Mexico City. A friend from Mexico City had to purchase for me a third flight. The worst thing is what Jetairfly staff said We cant do anything about it. And after sending a hard complaint, their response was Its in the contract. I know low fare airlines wont be punctual, but delaying it two times in a day  a 10 hour delay? Ive never heard of something like that without giving you any kind of compensation!
 Flew business class between Kunming and ShangriLa. Excellent 55 minute flight. I had lounge access in KMG and was the sole passenger on the KMGDIG flight. Coffee Nescafe gold? was quite good for inflight coffee. The flight attendant kept me up to date with arrival times and pointing out interesting scenery along the way. The plane itself was a brandnew B737 with all of the bells and whistles. I was surprised to find it on an intraprovincial leisure route. J seating is generous 22.
 Air Canada Rouge isnt a bad flight agency, and the flights themselves were okay. However Im giving a low review because of how they handled our delay. We missed a flight due to delays and got stuck in the Toronto Pearson airport overnight. We had my ONE YEAR OLD nephew with us, and there were no amenities to help feed him, keep him comfortable and transport him. I tried to go to customer service to see about a hotel, and they closed the kiosk with about 30 people still in line, telling us we would have to leave the secured part of the airport to talk to customer service out there. It was awful customer service, and I didnt want to abandon my sister with a baby and all our luggage to look after while I tried to get us somewhere to stay. My poor nephew screamed all morning since he had nowhere to sleep and couldnt settle with how busy the airport was, even in the early hours of the morning. My sister had never flown before and this was an awful experience for her. Its clear that Air Canada doesnt care about their passengers and only wants money. To top it all off, from Fort McMurray to Toronto, there was a screaming child seated directly behind me who screamed the entire 4.5 hour flight, and screamed so loudly that he woke my otherwise silent nephew and made him cry. I understand that babies cant help their crying, but the caretakers did absolutely nothing to help him, and the flight attendants permitted it when this baby literally ran up and down the aisle of the air plane while screaming. This baby also stood up on his seat and pulled my hair, yet not a peep was spoken to the caretaker by the staff.
Return flight scheduled for Curacao to Charlotte first delayed and after six hours told it was cancelled due to mechanical problems. Two more hours before taken to a hotel Insel said they would call with flight rescheduling however as expected they never called. Finally got my travel agent to reschedule through Insel on USAir Insel said theyd send a taxi to get us although this never arrived.
  No meaningful customer service, no reasonable accommodations for matter related to Coronavirus. Took hours to get anyone on phone hung up on rather than connected 4 times, agent knew nothing, website unclear This is a discount operation in every meaningful way related to interfacing with the airline. 
  Guayaquil to Baltra. We booked three tickets from Guayaquil to Galapagos Islands and checked everything carefully when making the booking. When we arrived at the airport, we were told that we had to pay an extra USD$330 each person as we werent Ecuadorian citizens. We were then told that in the online booking process, we did not check a box saying that we werent citizens, which would have adjusted the price. After an hour and a half of complaining, the staff finally agreed to only charge us the price difference of a walk up ticket. This was still USD$130 per person which we reluctantly paid with no other option available to us. When we arrived in the Galapagos, I went through the booking process again as I was 99 certain such a check box didnt exist. Sure enough, the information was a lie and there was no option to disclose nationality that would adjust the price. When I followed up on this complaint, Tame customer service didnt respond until my third email. 
Amazing airline. But some things to work on. The carry on bag size is too small and the price to buy an over head luggage is to expensive. Its a perfectly fine airline except for that. I recommend this airline if you are going for no longer than 3 days. If not I recommend Delta, They had amazing service and that experience was amazing
Istanbul to Tunis with Tunisair  the checkin and boarding process at Istanbul airport was efficient. The cabin crew were not friendly and lacked courtesy. The catering is average and only 1 choice of meal. I will only fly again with Tunisair if there is no other option.
  Avoid French Bee at all costs! While flying with my wife and two young children from Paris to LAX, we checked in online and got our boarding passes on my phone. The boarding passes explicitly stated that baggage drop closed 1 hour before the time it stated was 1350, flight was at 1450. As such, we arrived 90 minutes early to provide some buffer, but when we arrived at the baggage desk they claimed bag drop was closed and that we were too late. Every agent was incredibly rude, disrespectful, and actively unhelpful. They stated that we needed to go to the ticket counter to rebook our flight, and the ticket agent initially quoted a price of $150 per person to change our flights. However, they said we needed to sit and wait for our original flight to depart so we officially miss it before theyd rebook us. Then, when we went to rebook, they claimed it was impossible for us to change to any flight within the next 3 days for under $2000. Ultimately, we ended up having to fly into SFO instead and fork over $2,500 for the privilege of flying in 4 hours late to an airport 300 miles away from home. If they had even told me itd cost that much initially, I wouldve just ditched our checked bag instead of allowing them to force us into missing the flight we had boarding passes for! I would never consider flying French Bee again, and Im aghast that theyre still in business with their predatory and dishonest business practices. There were at least another 510 people on our flight who had something similar happen, as well. Its a total scam, never ever ever get tempted by their cheap prices!
  Purchased a ticket that included one checkin bag I have written confirmation of this and was charged 50 Euro for my checkin bag at the airport. The flight was already overpriced but 50 Euro was ridiculous. The flight was not a pleasant experience, I asked the ground staff if I had to wear a mask on board, and they said no, the pilot was very rude to me as I boarded for not having a mask on. Service on board was at the best ordinary, unfriendly crew, my seat was uncomfortable and my tray did not appear to have been cleaned. I can genuinely say I truly dislike Austrian Airlines. From start to finish it was not a nice experience, I would never fly with them again.
  We got to the airport early so check in was quick. I am not a huge fan of El Al as have had bad experiences, but this time the staff were friendly and helpful. All went smoothly. The entertainment was good with a fair selection. The meal served was good for economy plane food. They dont advertise that hot drinks and soft drinks and snacks are served in the back kitchen I only know this from recent flights with them. The seats on El Al are always cramped. We were given blankets. All in all a good flight no one was rude all the staff helpful.
Not sure if it is a charter or schedule airline. Travelled GenevaHeraklion return. Excellent both ways friendly staff a nice lunch on way out questionable on return. As a matter of personal conscious I do not eat Veal however a bite of the sausage on return leg made me question its ingredients to find it was veal. They should have informed pax prior to service so we had a choice to refuse. Other than that pretty faultless flights.
Safi Airways are terrible. The cancelled all their daytime flights for Feb 2016 at some point in January 2016 but never told me my flight 11 Feb was cancelled until I contacted them. I rebooked with flydubai. I contacted the Customer Services dept and asked when I was due to be informed by the airline about the cancelation but they just fobbed me off. After a heated exchange I demanded my money back. I was told on 01 Feb my refund had been processed. 17 days later I am still waiting! The day before the flight 18 hrs before departure I received a call from Safi to tell me my flight had been cancelled and did I want to rebook for a later date. The Customer Service Agent told me that there was no indication that I had already requested the refund twice previously and did I want to rebook. I declined. I am still waiting for my refund. Bite the bullet and pay the extra $30 to Fly with Fly Dubai. If I could give minus scores I would!
 I had a late flight leaving Detroit at 1047 PM on Monday and getting back to Atlanta at 1200 AM on Tuesday. The flight was pushed back twice and finally cancelled at the last minute. What made it so bad was that all flights were booked up until Wednesday night at 1047. This would have left me stranded in Detroit for almost two more days. I decided that the best option would have been to get a rental car and drive to Atlanta and drop the car at the airport so I could arrive in Atlanta around noon time. That cost me 170.00 plus 86.00 in gas. Thats around 250.00 plus in addition to the inconvenience of driving. All Frontier offered was a $100 flight voucher that you could only use on their airline! No hotel option. No help with travel expenses. Nothing! Lots of people have been complaining about Frontier lately. If they dont become more customer friendly, they will be out of business soon. They cant just offer cheap prices and then offer horrible customer service. Soon, people will turn to other options.
  Had read, and seen rumors about ANAs HND Lounges closing early due to manpower, or too many passengers in the Lounge. However was warmly greeted, and entered. Had never used the HND Lounge. Lounge was nice, and exceptional. I liked the massive glazing, so see the magnificent sunset over Japan. Announcements were made about our aircraft, not being ready on time. We boarded late. Boarding was quick. I was second to last to board. We headed out, and were served a A la Carte Sandwich. Only one round of drinks. I slept well and woke up to a second meal, with multiple drink rounds. Landed at SFO late, and proceeded through Immigration, and the Luggage Pickup. ANA staff were present there. Have been flying with ANA since 2007, have never been disappointed. Looking toward the next ANA adventure.
  My son and I were flying RJ 733 to Amman from Riyadh on the 27th June to attend a colleagues wedding scheduled at 9PM on 27th June 2019. Flight original timing was 1220PM and changed to 1410 hours. This change was announced on the previous day itself 26th June 2019. This means that the airlines had enough time or advance notification that there was some problem with that particular flight. When we checked in on 27th, the counter did not say there was any further delay. There was never any announcement but the display board showed a departure time of 4PM, after the original time of 2PM had lapsed. When passengers started to line up and waited in the queue for over 30 minutes, the person at the gate started saying please go and take a seat the flight is delayed as it is too hot and needs to cool down. All these conversations were happening in Arabic, and I am explaining what I understood. Then later picture attachedthe display board was still showing a departure time of 1910 hours although the time was already 1954 hours. The airline made no effort to announce any delays or provide food or any other amenities to the passengers. The flight finally left at 9PM after a delay of 7 hours. This is unacceptable from a flagship airline from Jordan. They never even said sorry, which is appalling behavior! We missed the wedding.
 Dusseldorf to Berlin. Eurowings flight operated by Germanwings EW9050. Flight had a slight delay of 15 minutes. Flight was smooth and good. Seat was fine with enough legroom. Food and drinks for puchase, crew was just average.
  Excellent seats and service although the A380 does not have Q suite seats. I dont see how anyone surpasses Qatars business class. The flight attendants, food, cleanliness of the aircraft were all unbeatable.
  I had the worst flying experience ever. We had to leave the aircraft 4 hours after boarding due to technical issue. We were then sent home with no updates. We received an email 12 hours after our original boarding time saying that the flight was rescheduled for 6 pm, 18 hours after our original boarding time. We ended up having 9 hours wait time in KL airport for our connecting flight over night and we were not even provided with accommodation. We are now sitting at airport waiting to board our flight to Kota Kinabalu and it has been already delayed by one hour. This airline is a joke. During the flight our meal option was only scrambled egg for dinner.
LCYAMS. Avro 85. Flight was ok nothing special. Guess cant expect more of these short jumps its like a bus ride.
  Having flown on Malaysia Airlines a lot over the years I didnt think twice about booking them for the last leg of our international holiday returning from USA. I was astonished to find the age of the aircraft we were flying on from KL to Perth MH0125 and how outdated the business class was. The airlines says, business class option offers a worldclass offering  I dispute this! Having flow on Cathay, Qatar they are so far behind in offering world class business offering. The old blue reclining seats were well worn, the screen would not hold position was what you expect on an internal flight in economy. We were seated mid way through economy, the meal of choice was not available. For much of the flight the air hostesses were not to be seen. Will not be flying Malaysian by choice again.
  Traveled from Kuala Lumpur to Chitose on Air Asia. It was an overnight flight. I found it a comfortable flight. Check in was easy and was able to relax when on board getting a window seat automatically allocated. I believe I had a spare seat next to me so I was comfortable. I will fly them again.
  The flight to Paris was mostly ok, except it was delayed for about 45 minutes while police came to remove an unruly drunk passenger. However, the return flight was by far the worst experience weve ever had with an airline. We had purchased extra leg room on the bulk head, and upon getting to the seats there was a large service dog that took up the space in front of my wifes seat and even part of the space in front of my seat. Not just the extended leg room portion which we purchased, but alk her leg room see picture. French bee should have a policy that if a service animal is over a certain size, the passenger must purchase two seats. I essentially paid for this guys extra space for his service dog! Again, my wife had to move to a seat without extra leg room. When we pointed out the problem to the flight crew, although at least 3 different members came over to look at the situation and all did the hmmm, I see the problem thing, none of them did anything about it. My wife eventually just moved to an open seat on her own. When we asked for a refund on the difference in price between the extra leg room and economy seat an extremely reasonable request, we received the following response First and foremost, we regret the inconveniences you had to face as regard your flight BF720 on 04302023. Service animals are trained to do work or perform tasks for the benefit of a qualified individual with a disability, including a physical, sensory, psychiatric, intellectual, or other mental disability. Therefore, passenger seated next to you was allowed to have his dog outside a cage. In this instance, we must respectfully deny your request. Needless to say, we will not by flying with French Bee again. Buyer beware.
  Yesterday, we encountered a distressing situation with Wizz Air. My sister and I were traveling from Abu Dhabi to Antalya on an early Saturday morning. We each had one free carryon bag, which we placed under our seats. After checking in, we proceeded to gate 17 for departure. However at the departure gate, we were informed that the flights cabin baggage capacity was full, and they asked us to leave our carryon bags there. They gave us tags and assured us we could collect our bags from the airport belt later. Since we only had our carryon bags with us, my sister and I had packed everything essential, including clothes, undergarments, makeup, toiletries, footwear, and my tablet in those bags. Upon arriving at Antalya Airport, we were dismayed to find that our bags were not on the belt. We immediately filed a complaint, but the response from the complain center was that our bags were still in Abu Dhabi they hadnt been loaded onto the plane. Now, my sister and I are left with only our small cross bags, containing just our passports and money. We have nothing else to wear or use. Our plan was to continue from Antalya to Trabzon, but without our bags, that seem to be impossible. What was supposed to be a minivacation has turned into a nightmarish experience all because of Wizz Airs mishandling of our baggage. We had so many plans, but now we feel lost and dont know what to do.
  Worst airline ever. Dont fly Avianca. Paid $1200 a ticket and didnt even get a drink or a snack. They didnt even have everything on their menu. Seats didnt recline, no tv screens at each seat, no internet. Crew didnt know what they were doing. The flight was from 915 pm 215 am. They handed out forms to fill out like 145am to fill out and the crew was no help filling them out. Then 10 minutes later they announce all trays up. How stupid how can you fill out the forms. Why didnt they hand the forms out at the beginning of the flight when everyone was awake.  They deserve to go out of business and I hope they do.
Flight Amsterdam  Kos. I booked premium comfort class. Because of technical problems they changed planes. I didnt get the premium comfort extras I had paid for. They had no solutions with a bad service.
  Overall a fantastic experience with Vistara though the flight was delayed by half hour. The checkin was smooth and quick, the inair experience was fantastic, there was a wide selection of meals and desserts on offer. The Vistara A321 is perhaps the only flight in which you can experience lie flat seats and a nice big IFE screen in domestic flights within India. The service was prompt and pleasant. Just a few things which could add to the experience  a wider selection of content would be needed for international routes, the content on offer was great for a domestic hop but thin in case the same selection is offered for an international flight. The Encalm lounge in Delhi is a improvement over the previous lounge but still not comparable to the one in Mumbai. I ended up leaving immediately and preferred to use the Amex Lounge over this.
 When I arrived at the Royal Jordanian checkin counter, I presented my Australian International Certificate of Vaccination form with a QR code. Note, this is anti forgery document issued by Health Ministry. The employee informed me that this document was insufficient to allow me to board the flight. I was told then to wait for the duty manager to provide assistance. I had to wait too longbelieve me, it really is unpleasant when time is slipping through your fingers while watching other passengers boarding the plane. I was completely ignored by other personnel, some were sort of condescending and come across as unprofessional. Most passengers had boarded the plane during this time, I finally got to speak to duty manager, She was not aware of an important change in travel requirements. The duty manager was unfamiliar with recent changes in travel requirements. Despite all of that, I was prevented from boarding my flight after proving that I have fulfilled all the required international travel requirements relating to pandemic. 
 The worst airline I have ever come across. I wish I could rate it 0 but it doesnt let. I have been on so many different airlines and nothing comes close to how bad Turkish Airlines is. From the terrible customer service to the constant delays and cancellations this is THE worst airline. If you enjoy speaking to a brick wall, missing flights, missing days of travel waiting around in an airport than this is definitely the airline for you. I personally would rather swim through the ocean and walk than use this airline ever again. We had 5 flights with Turkish, every single one of them were delayed and we missed two connecting flights because of them, nor did they even care or do anything about it.
  I suggest if you have options you dont book with Jetstar. I am a fiercely nationalistic Australian and jetstar is an Australian brand but I cannot support them. It appears they are going through some serious operational issues and it is not helped by bad customer service designed to Stone wall youre inquiries. Im bitter because I just incurred $2,000 in additional cost to book an alternative to a canceled flight. If you want to head off a bad experience Id fly others and check back to see if Jetstar gets their act together sometime in the future.
Honestly cant fault Air Koryo  their 1star rating is completely unjustified. Ive had worse flights on Malaysia Airlines Turkish Airlines and British Airways. I flew PEKFNJ on a modern Tupolev204 and both checkin and boarding were faultless. We departed on time and the cabin crew were courteous. Free food and drinks were served and the safety demonstration was very professional. Once we arrived in Pyongyang immigration took 10 mins and bags were delivered immediately. Id definitely use them again.
  I would not recommend flying with them.  They charged me for 2 checked bags both ways and refused a refund or do to anything to fixed the situation. The have no customer service number only text and then refused to reply. Complete awful service.
  Amazing ground work staff at the airport in London as well as in Colombo. Never experienced such a friendly professional staff with any other airline. Also they check luggage tickets at the belt to make sure the luggage goes to the person it owns.
Chiang Mai to Luang Prabang and a later flight on to Siem Reap. Both flights with great check in and on time. Tidy ATR planes with competent staff. Snacks on both flights and beer on one leg very adequate for a short flight. Great little airline.
  Singapore to Bangkok. The crew organised a surprise birthday celebration for my wife on board the airplane. The crew were friendly, caring and helpful and offered their own donuts to my wife to represent it as a cake.  My family are so grateful to their kind hospitality. Keep it up! Tigerair will be my first priority for my next destination. Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
 Austrian is regular low cost airline. On time performance, friendly crew and relatively new aircraft. Reminded me lot of Laudamotion which is another Austrian low cost airlines. Overall I would expect more from Star Alliance and Lufthansa group member.
  Worst experience of my life! Booked an 810am flight that left the gate 15 minutes early and left us behind due to TSA checks. We tried to board and they told us too bad its gone and out bags were already on the flight and gave us a number to call. We called reservations and went rounds for over an hour and a half! During that time they changed the flight prices on us 3 different times! After trying to get ahold of a manager and refusing to transfer we finally were forced to book the only flight they had. Cost us $2500 when it shouldnt have been more than $100! Not only that but they took so long to get us situation we almost missed a 2nd flight! When we boarded the plane we were informed they dont offer wifi which was a huge disappointment for a long flight! Emailed corporate to complain and they wrote me a sorry letter basically refusing to refund me and offer flight credits knowing Ill never use them! Dont waist your money on this airline they are the worst!
 Flew Nadi, Fiji to Wallis Island. Aircalin is the flag carrier of New Caledonia and although a small airline, provided a good service. There were no boarding problems and the flight was on time. This was a very short flight and the cabin service was appropriate.
Xian to Qingdao. First time flying SDA. Flight attendants are well dressed professional and friendly. It was only a 1.5 hour flight with IFE. I was the only Westerner on the flight and the attendant went out of her way to find me an English version of China Daily. On time and reminded me of what air travel use to be a long time ago.
  Bangkok Don Meuang to Phuket. I have flown budget airlines in Europe and all i can describe is you get what you pay for and the airlines try to make more money from you selling you food drink and duty free at inflated prices. So what a refreshing change to be welcomed aboard and helped to my seat by friendly staff. Legroom was adequate and the aircraft was in excellent clean condition. Ten minutes into the flight the cabin crew handed out a small snack and a drink to everyone unheard of in Europe. Then there was a drinks trolley run which was reasonably priced for coffee and soft drinks. Then they came round with Nok Air merchandise but there was no high pressure sales patter going on it was all very relaxed. The captain kept us informed of progress in Thai and English. We will be flying with Nok Air again for sure could not fault it at all well done!!!!!!
  I was initially concerned after I booked my tickets due to the reviews. This is my experience flying direct from Tampa to Norfolk and then Norfolk to Tampa a week later. I fly first thing in the morning and sat in the Nicer seats. Overall, no issues with the flight. The boarding process was very easy and go the seat with no problem. If you are a bigger person, you may need a seat belt extender. Just ask the flight crew right when you step on and they will give you one before heading to the seat. Once boarded the captain came out and spoke with the cabin and explained the flight. We took off on time and landed 20 minutes early. The fight was very smooth and couldnt have been happier. There are inflight refreshments but unless you are in the Nicest seats cost money. I flew back to Tampa in the Nicest seats and WOW! what an upgrade. For an extra fifty bucks having the extra width and leg room was fantastic. I sat in row 1 which provide extra leg room and at 64 was more room then really needed. The seats are comfortable and have a reclining feature with a foot leg rest. Inflight refreshments come with the seat which include a can of soda and other beverages and snacks. The snacks are not the little airplane snacks but large bags of chips, candy, and energy bars. Overall, the staff was fantastic. The inflight stewards were professional and very nice and accommodating. The gate staff were also professional and prompt to load flights and get people on. The only things to remember No in free inflight refreshments. Depending on your seat you will be allowed a personal item, carry on, or loaded bag. Some seats only allow a small personal item, and a carryon bag will cost extra. Also I think the reviews related to delay flight and issues relate to a very limited number of aircraft. I was the only Breeze flight at the terminal, of the flight was cancelled there would be no other alternative, so there is a inherent risk you are taking. They do not have the plane inventory like Delta or AA and can accommodate a change. Also they fly on certain days and times from the airports. When scheduling makes sure to schedule a flight that has another flight the next day just in case there is a issue. 
 I travelled from Abha to Dubai on connecting flight last August 9 for a supposed fun vacation. My flight was business class. Unfortunately, until now August 11, my baggage is still in Abha. Flynas ruined my vacation. This is unacceptable and their service lines are very useless. I called them several times, sent emails and text messages, but they are really very difficult to reach. In fact, went to their office in Dubai Airport personally and promised that they will send back my luggage the day after. But one day has passed still my baggage in Abha. This is the worst airline ever! If only I could turn back the hands of time I wont book with Flynas again.
 Very bad company. Three of us have been denied to embark, even with boarding passes in hand, due to overbooking. No proposal for another flight and lost of part of holidays. We are waiting for reimbursement and compensation since august.
  I am very disappointed about Kenya Airways. No tea or coffee on any of 4 flights I had with them. Ended up with most humiliating customer service representative in Nairobi Airport. She threatened not to let me on flight if I did not show her my EU settlement status. And this is at the boarding gate after passport control! My partner showed his passport and boarding pass to another representative and was let through with no questions. Some French people were told to go away and come back in 40 minutes, as I was still standing there trying to get Internet working and figuring out how to get my prove of EU settlement status, which I dont need to fly to London anyway if I am EU citizen. Avoid this airline whenever possible.
  We had an awful experience flying with Norse from London to Orlando on July 16, 2023. We stayed in line for 2.5 hours to check in to get our boarding pass we had already checked in online and still had to wait in line for2.5hrs. We had to run to go through security to make it on time with smallchildren. We didnt have time to use the bathroom, buy water or eat and we were traveling with children. It was not a pleasure at all flying with Norse. I do not recommend Norse to any of my friends, the employees were rude and stressed out. Even the lady at the counter was rude that the passports were not on the right page. I had just ranto pass security with two children, had to use the bathroom, didnt eat or drink water and the Norse employee was rude andnot understanding. We ordered tapas in the airplane, and we received it 30 minutes before landing. My children were hungry the whole time and did not have time to eat as we landed and threw away since we couldnt got throughcustoms with the food. I will be putting on my Facebook and Instagram with hundreds of followersmy experience with Norse. My best wishes for the future of this business.
Bangkok to Paro via Kolkata and back on their brand new Airbus 319. The plane was very modern touch screen controls comfortable leather seats etc. and the crew was very professional and accommodating. In business class it is a 22 configuration and a full meal is served between Bangkok and Kolkata 225 with a peanutcrackeretc. snack between Kolkata and Paro 050. The ground stop took about 40 minutes and approximately 20 people got onoff.
  Worst experience with an airline, ever! Completed booking, completed payment with my bank and got forwarded back to a website that said error. No confirmation, no tickets received but the money was gone. Called with customer service and got disconnected a total of 6 times while being on hold. When I finally did speak to someone, she informed me there was a booking with reservation number but something on their side went wrong with the payment. She gave me the reservation number and on their website I could find my flight details. But still no tickets. I had to email the ventasonline department who would be able to provide me the tickets. The communication with ventasonline was pointless. They first told me my booking didnt exist and I should book a new flight. I showed them a print screen of my bank payment and the booking with the reservation number and then it all of a sudden did exist, they would write me back about a solution for the money or tickets but they never did. Called with customer service again and they would all say something different or that I had to call back in an hour so they would know more. Did that a total of 4 times when I just lost my patience and the only thing they told me I could do was write an official complaint. As a reply, I received an automated email telling me to contact customer service, so basically super pointless and youre just going around in circles with no one knowing how to help you get either your money back OR give me the damned flight tickets. I always book direct with an airline so that this stuff doesnt happen, but Aerolineas Argentinas apparently doesnt care about their clients and actual customer service. It has been 3 weeks now since booking and still havent received my money. They tried to make me book a new ticket before receiving the money back but of course I dont have any trust with them anymore so booked with another airline Air France and everything went fine. This was my first experience with Aerolineas Argentina and for sure my last. Will avoid flying with them at all costs. By the way, because I paid with credit card my money is safe. I got confirmation from my bank and credit card provider that I was in my right and would receive money back via them. But its really just pathetic that it has to go like that.
  Perm to New York via Moscow. In 4 days they managed to lose my baggage on the way to and from my destination. Connecting time in Sheremetyevo 3 hours. The telephone they provide on their website and via general hotline for lost baggage in Sheremetyevo are never answered. You get an automatic answer that everyone is busy and you should call later. I tried approximately 50 times in different times never succeeded. Emails are not being answered. At the moment something goes wrong, nobody cares.
  Checkin was easy at ICN but with a disappointing lounge situation, Emirates does not own a lounge at ICN. Inflight service was generally great although business class was quite full. Connection in Dubai was also not problematic security for connecting passengers was fastflowing and shopping and restaurants were open. Second flight was on a B777300 but similar levels of comfort and service was  for business class. The business class seats could be a bit narrow for some people including myself, the inflight service could experience delays as too many business class passengers are waiting to be served, the transit lounge at Dubai tend to be overcrowded and the inflight Internet offering is far from satisfactory. In my case, the inflight Internet could be purchased at $19,99 for a 10hour flight excluding takeoff and landing the Internet would only be provided for 8 hours at most and streaming would still be blocked.
London City to Antwerp was delayed 3 hours 40 mins not sure whether its true that there was a technical problem as the airline claimed or whether they just cancelled the flight and let us wait for the evening flight one never knows. Got a voucher for 5£ could just buy 1 small drink with it a small packet of nuts and crisps. Were not informed at checkin about the delay so had already gone through security. Representative for cityjet at London City airport very unfriendly not even apologizing for this long delay.
  Athens to Nuremburg. First time I had used or heard of this airline and as it was a very late booking I had little choice. The experience was very pleasant. The plane was modern, clean, good legroom, comfortable seats. The cabin staff were young,  polite and well dressed. Plane was delayed after boarding for 10 minutes due to air traffic control and we were informed by pilot who did his best to make up the time.  They are pretty strict on hand baggage. I have sat on many planes that have been delayed due to excess hand luggage which had to be transferred into the hold. This plane loaded very quickly due to one person one bag policy.  If I have one criticism it would be that there is no online check in system. I rarely travel with hold luggage so to have to line up with fellow passengers who had cases was a bit of a pain. If however like the majority of passengers you are checking in hold luggage then it is probably not such an issue. 
Shanghai HongQiao to Chengdu inflight safety checking seatbelts checking overheads warning otherwise unruly Chinese passengers best service and food Ive had on a flight. Service quality as good as AA business.
 We had an exceptional flight with Thomas Cook Airlines from Orlando to Manchester. My girlfriend and I flew premium economy, which was well worth the money for the extra legroom. The plane was very modern which great entertainment options built into the seat in front of you. Flight crew was very pleasant and the food was even better. Drinks were all complimentary and they had an excellent selection of premium beverages. I was very surprised by what a great flight we had and will definitely recommend Thomas Cook to our family and friends.
Currently seated in St. Kitts airport waiting on LIAT for the second day in a row. Flight was supposed to be at 11.30 it is 1.30. So far two announcements saying they will make more announcements later. Announcements with announcements about future announcements is all they can announce. This may be my second day trapped in St. Kitts airport but I will not give in and buy a one way ticket home on a different airline for twice what I paid for this one only because they will not refund my ticket. Do not use this airline if you are on a tight itinerary. You need hours possibly days between flights in order to meet your connections on time. Certainly do not vacation while flying liat because their idea of your vacation is in the airport.
  I booked wheelchair assistance for my disabled elderly motherinlaw on a trip from BER to TLV via IST. First, I could not checkin online because of the wheel chair. When we arrived at the checkin counter, the staff were closing up. I explained that my motherinlaw was severely impaired and that we could not walk her fast enough through the checkin hall to the counter. I talked to the supervisor and they opened the flight again. The staff at the counter didnt like this, wanted to start their coffee break and simply refused to check us in and just ignored that the flight was reopened. I had to buy a new ticket for a substantial amount of money. Then, the mobility service dropped my motherinlaw in the lounge and never showed up again. During boarding, I had to carry my relative to the plane as there was nobody to help us.  In Istanbul, there was a mobility service, but we had to change wheelchairs three times to get to the departure gate and nearly missed the connection. When I tried to checkin for the return flight, I got the message that the flight was overbooked and we had to talk to the airline. I complained several times to TK about this disastrous service and only got standard answers and my request to raise the complaint to the manager was simply refused. 
  Los Angeles to Colombo via Shangai. In Shangai i was issued a boarding pass to Colombo. At the gate I was refused boarding stating that my Passport validity was only until March 2020. I requested that they let me go through  I will get help in Sri Lanka  I am a citizen of the US who will be in CMB only for 2 weeks. They refused to listen or help  used my return air ticket without my knowledge or approval, changed the date on it  put me on the return flight to LAX.  Had this happened at LAX I could have got a refund on my air ticket. Now the Airline says the first leg  last leg of my ticket has been used  therefore they cannot refund. Any part of this air ticket was used only because the Agent made a mistake  did not do her job. You cant speak to anyone at Customer service as they are very arrogant  rude. 
 SYDPVG then AMSPVG and PVGSYD three longhaul flights over Feb and March. Each flight left and arrived as scheduled and was a pleasant experience with friendly, helpful cabin crew. Meal options 4 were each very tasty especially the Asian options and alcohol generously served throughout the flight. An assortment of selfserve snacks were available between meals. The lieflat beds were a little tight around the feet, and the cabin a little warm for a perfect sleep on the three overnight flights but nevertheless a reasonable number of hours of Zs were achieved. If requested, the crew will leave you asleep and not wake you for meals. IFE had a reasonable selection of recent release and an assortment of foreign films. Not the greatest in the world, but OK for the average 10 hour sectors. The spoken English standard of the crew was variable, but communication overall was not a problem either in the air or at checkin.
 Bristol to Larnaca. A320 of Smartlynx Airlines painted in Thomas Cook colours. 2 hours late leaving Bristol, the luggage was on board but apparently the computer had deleted it off the system. The luggage had to be unloaded and matched up to the passengers then loaded again. Seat the most uncomfortable I have ever sat in, crammed in like sardines. No hot water on the flight so no tea or coffee, also ran out of ice halfway through the trip. Cabin crew were very pleasant but oddly had a rest break halfway through the flight. I will not fly on this airline again if I can help it.
 7 hour flight and no meals or snacks other than biscoff cookies. Website indicates snack boxes for purchase. Not the case for most on the flight. I didnt think I needed to pack my own food for the kids because I usually fly Delta. Also, I almost missed my flight because they moved it up 2 hours and sent NO notifications of the change. Luckily I double checked my flight the night before.
  CSD phone n in Paris only has recorded message in 3 languages no option to speak to an agent unbelievable! 2 only way to contact CSD is by email but, when initial issue I raised was not solved and I emailed CSD again 3 times, CSD never replied. When CSD had an issue with documents they need to validate so that I could checkin online, and indicated something may be missing, CSD did not state what was missing, even when I asked  then I received email saying Vueling could not validate my documents and I was not able to checkin online. On my outward flight, after I reached my destination, I received an email from CSD offering their most sincere apologies for inadequate service. For my return flight, my experience of the outward flight with CSD was repeated almost identically CSD had an issue with the documents I had uploaded, and sent me an email saying I needed a PCR test to return to France, which for persons fully vaccinated my case does not figure among the requirements of the French authorities nor in the list of requirements for France on the Vueling site  I emailed CSD again 3 times, never receiving any reply  then I received an email saying Vueling could not validate my documents and I was not able to checkin online. When I checkedin in person, the Vueling agent handed me my boardingpass on both occasions, in 30 seconds  and everything was hasslefree on the flights themselves. As a result of this experience, I decided to complain to Vueling and, to that end, I prepared a 4page summary of my CSD experience  in order to avoid any repetition, I wanted to try at least to discover why CSD had not validated my documents in both directions. However, like the above, the CSD complaints procedure permitted areas of complaint are limited to  language that used to communicate with CSD, and waiting time how long before CSD replies to the queries from customers. In the free text box your query, one can outline ones complaint but not at any great length. There is no possibility to send a document or any type of file as an attachment to the complaint. CSD does not acknowledge receipt of the complaint, not even with an automated standard message, which means that I have no record of having made my complaint, and no copy of its content. I am left with the impression that Vueling, once the customer has paid for the flight, feels it is free to do whatever it wants change the flight, impose a credit rather than refund in case of cancellation, and not do what it should do answer emails, explain document validation decisions, provide an adequate complaint system, enable customers to speak to a Vueling agent, a total lack of respect for the customer.
  LATAM is fine as long as there are no issues. Our flight got cancelled due to maintenance issues and thats when the trouble started. LATAM personnel is constantly contradicting itself and providing wrong information. They are badly organised in case of a calamity such as a cancellation which causes long and unnecessary waiting times for their costumers under stressful conditions. The company does not give the compensation that it is legally required to provide. The personnel does not seem to care about their customers. Simply no respect for their customers.
I flew in Economy Class from Zurich to Mal on 16th of May and back on 24th of May 2015. I have to say I am very impressed by the service provided. Cabin staff were very dedicated it was the same staff on both flights as they were also staying in the Maldives for a week. The night flight on the outward leg was only half full which made a quick Service possible and I could sleep in an empty middle row. Very good meals real cutlery and a real glass frequent drinks and the alcoholic beverages for which you have to pay are of good quality and moderate in price. I also liked the Mvenpick icecream provided in midflight on the return flight a day flight. The inflight entertainment is a very good product with an uptodate movie selection. But the major bonus has been the consistent friendliness of the entire crew. I felt a strong sense for hospitality among the staff and would definitely fly with them again if the schedule suits me.
  London Heathrow to Malta was delayed but flight was OK apart from small snack and a bottle of water on offer and seat 14C not staying upright. Ground service far more professional than in Malta. Flight from Malta to LHR was a different story. Delayed by one hour but was not informed why until we boarded the flight and was told it was due to industrial action by the cabin crew. Remarkably found myself on the same plane and seat so seat was not upright during take off and landing  staff were not unduly concerned by this. Food appalling, ham and cheese square on stale bread and a bottle of water. If we return to Malta would find it difficult to use this airline again. Only reason I booked Air Malta was because I only use scheduled airlines rather than the dreaded low cost ones, and was very disappointed.
  I travel very frequently for business and pleasure to Europe and this is by far the worst airline service I experienced within the past 1015 years. The aircraft servicing flight from Chicago to Berlin was very old, seats did not recline, majority of TV screens did not work, despite the crews effort to reboot the audio system. Normally, obstacles like this wouldnt impact me, but traveling with kids makes a big difference try to explain to your child he wont be able to recline the seat or use TV on 9 hrs flight. Lastly, and most importantly, Air Berlin lost our luggage. There were about 30  other passengers flying on the same flight who reported missing luggage. It is been a week and we did not hear back from the airline. We sent about 11 emails to different departments with copies of claim, lost baggage tags, etc. No response. Furthermore, none of the telephone numbers provided on the website are working numbers. I do not recommend this airline and certainly will not consider it for any future travel.
I fly frequently LondonBakuLondon BakuAnkaraBaku and find AZAL very comfortable and a fair price in comparison with BMI. Cabin crew friendly business class service and overall experience is very good. Flights are mostly carried on times and with great professionalism from the pilots. Ill continue using AZAL in future.
 San Diego to Minneapolis. I had a flight to SY408 to Minneapolis that never showed up at the gate. They shipped my luggage to Minneapolis and left the passengers behind. I received updates of a flight delay and the attendant confirmed there will be a delay but the flight will leave from the same gate. Even after the confirmation, since the terminal is small, I would have seen if it changed gates so I presume they never even stopped to pick anyone up. After several hours on the phone, they told me I had to book and pay for another flight and there was nothing they could do. They also refused to look into the situation and see if there was a gate change, if they did leave all the passengers behind, or what happened with the flight. Still a mystery that they havent been able to help with.
 Ljubljana to Munich. The homebase airport of Adria Airways is Ljubljana and it very small, relaxing and convenient. It is surrounded by the Alps and the departure was fantastic. The airplane was modern and the crew was nice. Ontime departure. Drinks without alcohol were free and I paid 4€ for my white wine. Considering that I had a cheap ticket I cannot complain. Upgrades would have been available for 30€  which includes the lounge.
 Yesterday my flight was cancelled from Orlando to Indianapolis 2 hours before flight time and the best they could do is give us a flight for the next day at 6pm with no food vouchers or hotel accommodations and the customer service was very unprofessional
 I was looking forward very much to the experience on Singapore Airlines, and even more so, the A380. I was in the bulkhead seat in Premium Economy, so the very first row on the lower level. It was a nice smooth flight, The IFE was adequate, But I was a little disappointed with the level of service. Ive always heard about how attentive The Singapore Girl ie.flight attendants on SQ were The service was far from the worst I have ever had on an airline, but not as good as I anticipated. Maybe I was comparing it to the absolute best service I have ever had on an airline I flew on my last overseas flight, a Taipeibased airline. Dont get me wrong, It was not bad at all  just not as good I was expecting.
  The flight from Vienna to Zurich at 1445 proceeded as usual, the staff was pleasant and accommodating. The food served on board was tasty and nicely styled. Comfort on intraEuropean flights in business class could be better.
  Kenai to Anchorage. Plane was delayed with no reason given, then after boarding we had to wait for the paperwork for around 10 minutes. This caused us to miss our window and get delayed 40 more minutes in an extremely hot plane, causing us and many others to miss connecting flights. Would not recommend.
Saturday afternoon phone call to say Mondays Blue Islands flight 23rd May from London City to Jersey was cancelled. No emails, no messages, lucky I picked up the phone call. Very unhelpful offers of other flights far too early or far too late. Shambolic, trip ruined, what a rubbish airline.
DubaiKabulDubai in early December. Kamair continues to be OK. Both flights were close to being on time  the only small delay down to Dubai air traffic. They are now doing the luggage security check in Kabul which means you have to point out your case before it is loaded onto the aircraft. Dont forget to do this if you want to see your case at your destination.
JJ 8027 SCLGRU on 5 Sept. 777300 in Business Class. Had never flown TAM on anything but domestic Brazil flights so wondered how the service would be. I was impressed. Flight attendants were very friendly and welcoming with smiles. 3.5 hour flight and was served a light dinner that was tasty. Seats are not fully flat but recline was comfortable and it would be fine for a transatlantic flight. AVOD was good  watched movies and TV shows. Pilot kept us informed of our progress. Landed and waited 20 min for a gate but that is typical at GRU  not TAMs fault. Bag was the 2nd one off  really enjoyed the flight.
  We were on the flight for 13 hours. Within the first 2 hours they had served an evening meal with a cold drink They then brought around coffee After that the lights went down and that was it. No water or anything to drink the rest of the flight. 
 Ryanair cancelled my flight one day in advance. They choose not to disclose the reason for cancellation. The help desk was terrible the representative did not speak proper English. My whole vacation, including the car rental which I booked through the Ryanair website, must be rescheduled and will cost me at least hundreds of euros. Ryanair did not want to do anything and indicated that I needed to contact the car rental company myself. An absolute disaster  I will NEVER use this airline again and advise everyone else to do the same. DISAPPOINTING AIRLINE!
  Milan to Istanbul via Belgrade. After reading these reviews I was rather apprehensive about the trip, and indeed there was a delay for my first flight I think because they needed a replacement aircraft, with the flight arriving Belgrade 40 minutes late. However, the airport in Belgrade is very small and pleasant, and a joy to change in, when compared to bigger hubs like Frankfurt, and I and my luggage made the connection despite only having 40 minutes between the flights. Staff both at the airport and on the aircraft were perfectly polite. The flights were satisfactory and there was a bottle of water and crisps or biscuits handed out. You dont get the explanations or the polish youd get on British Airways for example, but it was perfectly adequate and very good value. The connecting flight to Istanbul arrived on time and was comfortable, so based on my experience Id be happy to recommend it.
 Flew Kuwait Airways from Frankfurt to Manila via Kuwait. Unprofessional cabin crew. One crew member even told me that he could not give me water a second time around, yes I asked for a second time as I was thirsty. Unprofessional and untrained staff. I will not be flying with them again. I am a frequent flyer and this was my second worst experience after Air India.
  The Covid years were rough on Thailand airlines and Bangkok Airways are no exception.  Although our flights to Siem Reap via Bangkok from Chiang Mai operated on time, the exterior condition of the A319 on the first flight was deplorable.  The second flight was on a ATR 72, Bangkok Airways still flying these relics. Being an ATR it meant a bus gate at BKK. I hadnt flown Bangkok Airways in years and I was painfully reminded why I have been avoiding them on this trip.
  Myself and my partner flew from Port Elizabeth to Durban on Tuesday 7th November. Departure time was 1320 and flight time was roughly an hour. Boarding was prompt and hasslefree. There was plenty of space in the overhead lockers so no fighting for space for luggage. The pilot gave good information and kept us in the know regarding timing and weather etc. Having flown a few times within South Africa with Comair it is most of the time an enjoyable experience, the cabin crew are polite and Ive never experienced a delaycancellation. One thing that does grate on me with Comair is the age of their aircraft  it is not a nice place to sit. The seats are weathered and the interior of the cabin is really old.
I booked my holiday last year and had the option of 2 flight times, 7am or 2.30pm, I wanted to go at 7am so chose this flight which bumped up the price quite considerably, a few months later Monarch cancelled this flight and put us on the 2.30pm flight, all they would refund me was £20 per person, a mere fraction of the difference paid to have the earlier flight. The week before flying, I had no confirmation of the priority check in I had booked online, it took several phone calls up until the day I was due to fly to sort this out. The flight was a bit late boarding but nothing major, I had prebooked inflight meals, 2 adult and 2 child meals, they had us down for 4 adult meals and had no extra child meals to offer us, my children are fussy and the creamy chicken adult meal was no good to them, they were upset as they were excited to get their pasta and meatballs, the attitude of the cabin crew was not great, they eventually found a pasta dish but the children had to half it and they got about 6 pasta twists each, I ended up having to buy them additional food on board. The seats were too thin and uncomfortable after a couple of hours. The flight home was fantastic, couldnt have been a nicer experience, fantastic cabin crew, arrived back early.
  My flight on on 12 May 2023 got delayed an hour and 25 minutes which resulted in the cancellation of our connection flight on 12 May 2023 as the arrival of the first flight was only 15 before the departure of the second connecting flight. We contacted the BA call center multiple times to make changes to the flight in order to still arrive on the 12th of May to KEF airport through different flights. The team tried to find a solution but none made sense, not even on the next day the 13th of May 2023. We have made full booking of accommodation, car rental, activities etc for the vacation in Iceland. The cancellation of of these booking is not refundable. The call center suggested that we cancel the flight for a full refund, then claim compensation for the delay and difference in airfare cost and other non refundable bookings due to the delay and cancellation of our flight. British Airways responded to the claim after a month with no compensation at all, even though we paid additional $600 on new bookings and additional charges. The refund of the cancelled flight took more than a month with multiple calla to follow up almost every week. I was promised to get refund on the first call but later I found out it was not processed properly. Everytime I call the agent ask questions about why flight was canceled etc which is annoying when my understanding everything was under process for payment. After multiple calls I was refunded partially and not the full amount which is even bizarre from a company of this level. I had to make more calls to get the remaining balance refunded. The whole experience was terrible.
  Dhaka to Bangkok. Thai Lion Air has some of the worst service I have experienced as a frequent traveler. When I called to have baggage added, they were unable to accept US credit card payments. The representative promised me that the payment would be according to the online amount about 30 USD since I couldnt reserve this baggage over the phone or online. She said that as long as I was in line at least four hours before my flight, I would be charged the online price. When got in line 5.5 hours ahead of time, the counter representatives were so inefficient that once I reached the counter, they charged me for about 300 USD without verifying the amount with me. I then disputed this amount, but Thai Lion Air will not acknowledge 1 their own inefficiencies of taking 2 hours to service the baggage check in, their own poor customer service both in informing about baggage pricing and honoring what was agreed upon, and 3 their outdated technology that cannot accept US credit cards. I will never fly Thai Lion Air againr.
  Our flight from Stockholm was delayed with 1015 minutes, therefore our baggage didnt make it to our connecting flight  which is understandable. However, it has taken us four days to get any update about our baggage which was originally said to reach out hotel in 12 days. After calling a couple of times we got an update that our baggage where handed over to a currier and will reach us in 12 days 45 days upon arrival. They also promised to updated us by phone or email which they havent done a single time during these five days. They are not able to give us any information about the company who is handling the currier. I can not understand how this is not a prioritised matter to the airline?! They say that they will reimburse any necessary cost, which is reasonable, but not for over six days  since some things is not replaceable when abroad. This is horrible treatment, they promise things they cant stand by and doesnt seem to care.
  Never fly these clowns! Flight delayed no reason then last minute canceled? On hold for 4 hours then when connected hung up on. I do not care how inexpensive they are this is unacceptable. I will make it my mission to make sure people from New Haven never fly their airline!
 Ive had two flights with Aeromexico and both times Despite being told I would receive wheelchair assistance none was provided. Nor was any accessibility assistance provided unless I went over their head and contacted the airport or the other airline I was flying with. On this last flight, my hip partially dislocated due to all the strain of managing things myself  something that I was trying to avoid. Ive encountered issues before as someone who only needs mobility assistance in certain circumstances, but I have never encountered this level of ableism or neglect while flying. Flights were delayed by more than an hour. On the return flight this resulted in me and my companion missing two connections and having to travel an extended route to return home. Despite requests when booking, checking in, and at the counter, they were unable to seat me next to my travel companion even when we had more expensive seats and were willing to downgrade. Customer service hung up on me twice and chats failed for hours until I was finally directed to someone who instantly disconnected when I informed them of the gravity of the situation. They have refused to talk to me on both Facebook messenger or WhatsApp they use both services for chat messaging and their phone lines either dont answer or I get hung up on. If you have any kind of disability or impairment, please avoid this airline at all costs.
  I had to cancel my flight due to Covid positive results 24hr before the flight. Everything was going well at the beginning when we cancelled the flightticket, because we have been informed that they will refund. However, after almost 40 days I have been informed that Copa Airlines will not refund. This action is not fair at all.
  I and my wife recently traveled to Tokyo from Bangalore via Colombo. As the connecting flight from Colombo to Tokyo was more than 20 hours I requested to book the hotel accommodation with them. Airlines initially confirmed the booking through email but when I reached Colombo, the staff said it was only confirmed for my wife, even after showing the email confirmation, they never allowed me to stay and none of the Srilankan Airlines staff members were available to sort out my issue. Please understand this was in the late evening of Nov 17th at 2300, it really caused me a lot of trouble especially when I am traveling with the family at midnight wherein I had no Internet and local currency available. None of their staff members or local people helped me at that time, they asked me to travel here and there in the midnight but still, the issue was not sorted out. This is a big mistake and I regret using their service. To stay with my wife they asked me to pay another $87 plus tax for four hours as I have already planned the day out to travel locally. Hence, I canceled their hotel booking and took high risk in booking alternate hotel rooms for my family and also local travel wasnt available as it was a presidential election so I had to bribe the taxi driver to allow me to travel to the designated place. Very unprofessional people and poor quality of management. 
Airlink from Kimberley to Cape Town, a 1h30 flight. Leather black seats with enough legroom and nice cabin interior. The were lack of space meant I had to put my tripod and a great part of my hand luggage with the cabin crew luggage. The plane itself only has luggage compartments on the one side. We were served drinks and a choice of beef or chicken sandwiches. It was a pity they chose cheap instant coffee as the genuine substitute. We departed ahead of schedule and arrived 22 minutes ahead at Cape Town. We had only one crew member who served well. All in all, when you pay near nothing R850 is about USD $65 and get so much  a meal, drinks, good seats and ground crew you have to be mad not to realise the value. It goes without question that this is just a very ordinary route with nothing special going for it, yet it has enough to lure me in. I was satisfied flying with Airlink. 
  By far, the worst airline Ive been on in my entire life. I booked a roundtrip flight from NYC to Barcelona for nearly $1,100 and the airline did not provide drinks, snacks, or food. They charge for everything. On top of that, the wait to get onboard took 1.5 hours flying in and flying out. In addition, I booked this flight under Iberia, not Level. There was no communication that Ill be on a Level flight. Now, Im not even inclined to fly Iberia anymore. I highly do not recommend either airline.
  Port Vila to Suva via Nadi. Last year, great. This year, completely unreliable, misleading and no customer service. I was off loaded at the airport because the passengers that had checkedin before me had excess baggage and the plane was overweight. They preferred to off load passengers rather than the excess baggage. Months later I tried going again, and I got to my destination but then my return flight was cancelled. I was booked onto the next flight 3 days later but missed my connecting international flight. Got stuck in Suva for an extra 2 days and was then given the wrong rebooked return flight details in writing and missed my unknowingly booked flight, and was then rebooked again on a nondirect flight. No compensation for the additional accommodation expenses was offered when requested. The customer service team then issued me a credit for my flight, but when I tried to use the credit I was then told I didnt have a credit. This was after days of correspondence confirming the contrary  and only written correspondence because their customer service phone number didnt work. My next trip has been cancelled consequently but not in sufficient time to have my accommodation bookings cancelled without charge. All I got from Fiji Airways was a sorry, there was a misunderstanding with no further offer of assistance or attempt to rectify the situation. The Manager of Customer Service was unavailable to make any further complaints to. In flight  the flight attendants are great but the food is a disgrace. 
  One of the worst airlines Ive travelled with when it comes to service and onboard safety and comfort.  I always have difficulty breathing while on their flight. I never have this problem with other airline. This time, since Im 5 months pregnant, I asked for oxygen and they refused to give it to me, repeatedly.  Me and my husband asked them for oxygen over 5 times and they told us that, unless Im passing out or visually suffering, they will not give me oxygen. Then they proceeded in giving cold towels claiming Im just over heating.
Paris Orly to Lisbon new airline for me seat and leg room average but if your traveling with baggage the 20kg baggage allowances included in the fare makes Aigle Azur worth considering. Cabin crew did a quick run through the cabin with a paid drinks cart then duty free cart and promptly disappeared behind the curtain for the rest of the flight. The airline appears to be unsure of its identity although they provide a baggage allowance they are not a full service airline as this flight was over a meal time dinner no food or snack service provided but not a LOCO as no food was available for purchase either so we went hungry!
Been flying regularly for over a decade and this trip on US Airways from Orlando to Chicago via Charlotte without question my worst experience ever  by a wide margin. Forced me to check my carry on, despite plenty of room remaining in overheads then broke my souvenirs. Delay required me to run through the airport and desk staff was unsympathetic and rather short with me when I asked about the bags I was forced to check.
 Beijing to Hong Kong. The flight is about 80 full. My seat is in the middle next to wings. I was served a meal without any choice. As I really didnt want to eat spicy noodles the cabin attendant gave me breads instead, but  no butter. Since no entertainment on this old airplane, a passenger use speaker loudly of his mobile phone to watch something in flight. 
  We were booked on Air Transat flight TS178 from Montreal to Porto. The first leg was from Toronto to Montreal. Upon landing on the 15th of September at Montreal for our connecting flight a few hours later, we were informed that it had been cancelled. I later found out through a friend that it was due to a technical issue with the A310 we were supposed to fly. We were rescheduled for departure on the 16th at 4 PM. Upon arrival we found out the plane was delayed again and that we would have to wait until 850 PM for departure. Transat never advised us it was HiFly, just that it was an A340300 we would be flying. Wasnt hard to put two and two together however. Upon boarding the plane 1st class as we were booked on club I was pleased to see it was quite clean and the attendants were polite and friendly. The pilot was also very polite and was in the cabin speaking with the passengers before departure. Before takeoff we were advised that there would be some light to moderate turbulence a few hours into the flight which proved accurate as meal service was stopped but nothing that we werent prepared for. About an hour or so in they began dinner service. Selection was limited so we had the risotto. It was actually decent but the croissant was bit dry. The full recline of the seats was nice however I had to switch with my Fiancee as hers didnt work and Im too nervous a person to fully recline anyways. Still a comfortable enough seat and as it was a former Emirates first class cabin, the space was incredible. The breakfast was far more fresh and quite good. Focaccia, croissant and mixed fruit which were served about an hour before landing. Landing was so smooth you couldnt even feel the initial touchdown, nor the front wheel touchdown. The A340300 is a nice smooth plane and our pilot made it that much smoother. All in all it was an excellent experience. Air Transat was very accommodating and HiFly filled in quite nicely.
  Paris to San Francisco. Extremely sketchy airline. They cancelled our flight back from Paris due to operational difficulties and said they could only book us on a flight 2 days later. They would not refund us the money for the flight even though they could not offer anything even close to what we booked. Their customer service just sent us in circles call this number, call back tomorrow, submit a ticket here, email this address, call this other number. The company hides behind their phone reps, having them continuously say The company has issued a statement saying they will not refund anyones money for the flight. If you cancel a flight and can only replace it with a flight two days later you better give customers the opportunity to take a refund.
New aircraft but there ends the positives. LAN Airlines website is very poor and online checkin clunky. I would suggest that LAN scraps its poor website and keeps up with the rest of the OneWorld alliance. At present it is a poor relative. Bag drop was not a pleasant experience rude staff who were not interested. Boarding was shambolic also. Plane dirty with food from previous flight on tray table. Food and drinks service was also pretty hit and miss. Getting off the plane also took an age.
  Beijing to Hailaer. What an airline. Its a low cost carrier. Youll get nothing aboard, not even a water. If you want one, you need to pay. Cabin a bit worn and sticky, better not using toilets. Not clean and a lack of soap. Cabin crews English could be improved a lot. Crew members dont care if passengers doing phone calls while starting or landing or passengers tsnad up whil taxi. Not well organised.
  I flew Ellinair from Thessaloniki to Verona. The flight had 30 minutes delay, otherwise everything went really fine. A nice meal on board and the baggage incl 20kg were included for a really cheap price. The aircraft, a Boeing b737 was a bit old but the seats were really comfortable.
  Booked for a journey from Sydney to Colombo. The flight arrived late in Sydney. They started boarding passengers at 1030 PM. Since the airport has a curfew from 11 PM, they couldnt fly. Passengers were deplaned by 12 AM. Srilankan staff was available in counters on the departure level. They took our name and told us there would be a bus that would take us to a hotel. Waited till 3 AM to get a bus to a hotel with a sleeping baby. Once at the hotel, there was a queue to checkin and it took another hour to get the room. That morning, we got a note saying that a bus will take us to the airport at 10 AM. Once at the airport, there was another queue to check in again. That took us 3 hours. we were issued a boarding pass for a 205 PM departure from Sydney and a transit time of 12 hours in colombo. Once we reached the gate in Sydney, they told us there is a delay as the crew is late. Once they arrived, the delay was to clean the aircraft. Once cleaning is done, they told me they have called the caterer and food is causing the next delay. But then, passengers were getting frustrated. They were demanding answers. Instead of answers, law enforcement officers were called in by the ground staff. Finally boarded by 430 PM. Once we reached Colombo by 8 PM, they started blaming the weather and passengers had to wait for another 1.5 hours to deplane. We finally got out by 930 PM. Went to the transfer desk and without informing the people who were in the queue, they pasted a sticker with the flight number of Kochi where they were serving business class passengers. Total mess and another waiting saga. Finally, accommodation is arranged by 12 AM and taken to hotels by 1230 AM. The hotel reception told me that the bus would be there by 445 AM. Flight from Colombo to Kochi was on time and we did not encounter any issues Chaos and confusion is the only thing that comes to my mind when I think of this nightmare. At the end of the journey, all of us are sleepdeprived and really angry. We will surely avoid this airline for future travels except the one that is already paid for
  On Sunday 131122 I was going back from Iloilo to Manila and had a connection with Emirates. Between 2 and 3 am I got an email that my flight is delayed by like 4 hours. Of course I was only aware of this around 8 am when I woke up. So needed to rebook the Emirates flights which I barely managed to do because of time concerns and cost me an extra 260 pounds. Also what if I cant rebook it how do I get home? When I asked for some kind of compensation they answered since I didnt have an insurance I am not eligible for one. All I got was a little rice with McDonalds chicken and some water. If this was not enough after we boarded they made us wait another hour inside the plane so the originally 1315 flight took off around 1750. The first 25 mins they announced, but the rest was not communicated at all. This was my first and last travel with the company. I am disappointed and cant recommend at all
Odessa to Kiev return. Plane a rather old Boeing 737 but for such short trips under 1 hour is not a problem. I was surprised to see that they offered sandwiches on both flights together with tea coffee and juices.
 JAL customer service exceeded my expectations. My wife and 2 kids ages 2  3 had a super nice experience flying with JAL. The staff and crew are very helpful and cheerful in everything they do. Food is good and the cabin is clean. Always my top option to fly to and from USA.
  Flair airline was the worst service in my life, the customer service inside airplane and front desk unprofessional and not respecting passenger, I have to pay additional $35 to seating next to my wife, even was empty seat, they charge a glass water to take my medicine, they charge for everything.
  Nagoya to Bangkok. Mostly my review is concerned to Ground Operation Service in Nagoya Airport as my flight was cancelled due to flight cancellation. Ground operation of Thai Air Asia in Chubu Centrair Nagoya Intl Airport could not be handling this incident properly as there is miscommunication between airline and shops at this airport for meal voucher redemption. A meal voucher has been provided for passengers. Once I got and straight away to redeem it as it was 2130 hrs. I went to SUBWAY, they rejected this airline meal voucher and I went down to Lawson, they also rejected. Finally it was a miscommunication between airline and shops.
  Within 2 weeks I have had the unfortunate experience of flying with Vueling connecting through Barcelona with other cities. On both occasions the initial flight has left 3 hours late and I have lost the connection for 10 minutes. Apparently due to problems with the construction of a new track in Barcelona combined with strikes by European controllers. So far, bad luck, it happens in the best families. But what defines companies and people in how they manage difficulties.  Leaving aside the flight staff, who have always been very professional, I have not been able to speak to anyone from Vueling, they have all been Iberia staff on loan to Vueling. Impossible to talk on the phone with anyone other than a machine that, based on typing options, puts you in a circle of options whose final output is to refer you to the web, never to a person. When you try the web, the experience is similar, but nobody solves the problem, just send a message and well see. Im still waiting for an answer from my first flight. Today, stuck in Barcelona, Ive been in 4 queues for 1 hour each, at this time I should be at home but Im saving the 5th queue of the day, because the hotel they gave me only has one checkin person when there are 100 of us those of us who have missed the flight. The drama of all this is that I knew that I was losing the connection, then vueling too, but I imagine that the artificial intelligence that seems to manage Vueling was on Saturday and the intelligence was off. What an embarrassing airline. If I can avoid it I will not fly with them anymore.   En le plazo de 2 semanas he tenido la desafortunada experiencia que e volar con Vueling conectando por Barcelona con tras ciudades. En ambas ocasiones el vuelo incial ha salido con 3 horas de retraso y he perdido la conexion por 10 minutos. Segun parece por problemas de construccin de una nueva pista en Barcelona combinado con huelgas de controladores europeos. Hasta aqui, mala suerte, pasa en las mejores familias. Pero lo que define a empresas y personas en como gestionan las dificultades.  Dejando aparte al personal de vuelo que siempre ha sido may profesional, no he podido hablar con nadie de vueling, todo han sido personal de Iberia cedido a vueling. Imposible hablar por telefono con nadie que no sea una maquina que a base de teclear opciones te mete en un circulo de opciones cuya salida final es remitirte a la web, nunca a una persona. Cuando intentas la web, la experiencia es similar , pero nadie te solventa el problema solo manda un mensaje y ya veremos.de mi primer vuelo aun espero respuesta. Hoy, atrapado en Barcelona, llevo 4 colas cada una de 1 hora, a estas horas debera estar en mi casa pero estoy guard ado la 5a cola del da, pq el hotel a me han dado solo tiene una persona de check in cuando somos 100 los q henos perdido el vuelo. El drama de todo esto es que yo sabia que perda la conexin, luego vueling tambin, pero me imagino que la inteligencia artificial que parece gestionar Vueling estaba de sabado y la inteligencia de descanso. Que verguenza de aerolinea. Si puedo evitarlo no volare mas con ellos.
  This company has been promising to refund us for flights they cancelled for a year now! Every time we phone, its another month, another three months. Lately they havent even bothered giving us a timeline, they just say they dont know when they will refund us. They have just received an emergency bail out from the EU. They are certainly not using the money to refund customers! We have asked to speak to a manager, but apparently they are busy helping customers with real problems.
  New York to Quito. Without previous notice, Tame informed us at the airport on January 5th 2018 that our flight was cancelled even though they still showed the flight as on schedule online. I rescheduled to fly on January 9th. That day Tame representatives could not find my flight and accused me of not having correct information. They later found my ticket, but the plane already left. Insisting that my booking agent was at fault, they asked me to reschedule my flight for the 15th and pay a $700 price difference. Travelocity then contacted the Tame office and the Tame official on the phone asked me why I didnt take the flight, as the ticket was always there. They said they might be able to have a supervisor change the flight and for me to callback at 10am. I was offended, insulted, and nearly robbed of extra money. I decided to book another airline, and thus the nightmare was over. These people are poorly trained, rude, and have no consumer respect. It took one hour in JFK for a representative to submit a baggage payment. The kicker to this experience was that the manager on duty at the airport in Quito said I should be better informed on flight terms. I hope US authorities disallow consumers to do business with this horrible airline. I wouldnt recommend this airline to my worst enemy.
  The worst airline service ever received. Our flight was cancelled after waiting two hours at the boarding gate. They cheat us on the food and the hotel. Dont gave us any information. Claiming refund and compensation is a nightmare. None of contacting channels are working. We lost 28 hours and two connection flights. Watch out!
  Milan to Birmingham via Brussels. After avoiding the airline for many years due to bad experience I had in the past, I decided to give it a try again for a flight from Milan to Birmingham UK through Brussels. Experience was horrible, in particular very rude ground staff  airline is back on my black list, and that for a good reason. Flight in Milan got delayed due to miscommunication between the airline and the tower in Malpensa, resulting in a late arrival in Brussels. Flight attendant from Milan to Brussels was really nice and professional, confirmed even at arrival in Brussels that this was an issue caused by the airline. Did a sprint from the arrival gate to the departure gate for the flight to BHX, which was still open when I got there, as they were waiting for a connecting passenger from Prague. But Brussels Airlines had proactively rebooked on a later flight in the meantime, so they denied boarding. The gate agent tried to put me back on the flight, but failed due to any unknown reason. Instead of putting her best foot forward to get me on the flight  the later flight was not an option, as arrival was past the scheduled business meeting  she told me rudely to go to a rebooking desk and try to get the ticket fixed there. I was not supposed to get over to the departure gate anyhow in such short time. Result missed the flight, had to fly to LHR and rent a car to get the BHX in time. When I filed a refund claim EU regulation they denied due to reason beyond their control.
  Osaka to Shanghai. They canceled our flight two times, without provide any acommodation or food. Last time they just gave us the chance of refund money, and the worst thing is the money will be in two months! Finally we had to buy tickets two times more expensive in another company, plus 5 days lost on our holiday. Customer sevice is one of the worst I have seen.
  Worst airline Ive flown with. Arrived at airport nice and early. Got to the gate on time only to be told that they have overbooked the flight and we got denied boarding. They did get us another flight two hours later but we had to go via two stop offs. Arrived at destination 12 hours late. Airline only wanted to give me £500 in compensation. I declined and said I want compensation for a days holiday missed and a days rental for accommodation. They declined. They dont care about you as a customer or person. They are just in it for the money
  This is the worst customer service experience I have ever had in my life. They should be banned from running their business. I had a flight scheduled for 630PM to CGK booked for Lion Air on august 17th. The night before the flight they sent me telling me the flight had been cancelled with no information on the new departure. I started to worry, I ended up going to sleep and at around 10am the sent me the schedule for the new flight. It was leaving at 715pm but from another airline Super Air Jet. So we arrived at the airport ontime and waited for boarding at 645pm  we didnt board until 720pm and didnt take off til 745pm. By the time we landed in CGK our connecting international flight had already boarded and was leaving. We were left stuck til 240pm the next day.
  Melbourne to Ho Chi Minh City. Ground service depends which airport your in, with Melbourne its just average, with Ho chi minh it could be really slow or really fast. I think it is worth the money because when I looked it was about the 2nd cheapest airline and with my point of view that is were it should be. Seat was pretty comfortable for a domestic and 12 hour flight I wouldnt recommend for any longer flight. The food was okay but only had a very small choice. For my flight only fish and fried noodles but they had a large variety of drinks. The inflight entertainment the screen was only touch screen and they only had wifi connectivity on the new aircraft.
  We were 17 people traveling together and at Bangkok airport we were asked to pay extra for Myanmar 4 of them passengers because their name was entered wrong. We have travelled HK Airlines before but this wasnt a problem then. Myanmar citizens have only one continuous name with no surname or first name and we booked their tickets by entering their name twice in both fields. At the airport we were told that this is wrong and we needed to enter Mister or Miss in the first name field and the surname field to be entered with the whole name. Nowhere does it say this as we entered the name according to our previous experience. The ground staff said she was only working there and she could not do anything but follow orders. I do think if you take on a job you are expected to fulfill your responsibility towards the job and not fill a seat! Calling the Bangkok office is of no use because they do not pick up or keep you waiting and the automatically disconnects. So there is no way to clarify booking details. We went to the Bangkok office before the flight date and they didnt say that there was an issue with the names then. This is high unacceptable. The flight itself was uncomfortable  the planes both to Hong Kong and to Osaka were small with no personal TV.
  Singapore to Wuxi. Regular flyer on legacy carriers but had to book Tigerair recently as their flight time and location was more suitable. Pleasantly surprised with the service onboard, great cabin crew staff that made passengers feel like they were wanted on the flight. This made the flight experience so much enjoyable and seemed value for money flying with this airline. 
 Do not fly Avelo! This has been the worst airline experience of my life and I am a seasoned traveler. Delays both ways in excess of 12 hours total with absolutely no information on why or how long. They just kept saying were boarding shortly which turns into hours. That was after we boarded the first time after a 45 minute delay only to be told we had to get back off and ended up waiting another 5 hours. The desk clerks are rude and there are zero offers or alternatives for reimbursement or accommodations. All they say is call customer service and getting through to is impossible. I recently lost my job so decided to give them a shot since they are so cheap, but never again. Their service is even cheaper and not worth the headache. The only upside was once in the air, it was a smooth flight.
  Boarding was on time took my seat and relaxed with a glass of champagne. Announcement was made we have a tech issue and power was turned off. After approx 20min had to deboard then after 5hrs waiting in the gate lounge they announced that the flight was cancelled. Another hour waiting I was finally rebooked onto Emirates and sent to a hotel for a few hours all played for by IA. So disappointed that I never got to fly.
  Kuala Lumpur to Ulaanbaatar via Seoul in 2017. The staff was helpful with me from the moment I purchased the ticket at the airport office through cash couldnt do it online as I did not have a credit card. I flew both legs on widebody aircraft so seating was spacious and comfy even though therere many passenger. Service on plane was nice, cabin crew was helpful and responsive. Gave me lots of snacks whenever asked, served Extra hot meals. Refreshment and drink was great. I love their icecream!  Its a decent experience after all, I had to flight late time and long transit time however cant complain anything with the service! Very happy and Id love to try another route to Korea or take their Trans  Pacific routes to the USCanada. My flight was back in Dec 2017. Couldnt choose the time as it cant be backdated more than 1 year.
  Paris to Point a Pitre. My sister and I flex with XL Airways to get to Guadeloupe and then board a cruise ship. The flight was okay, but when we arrived in Guadeloupe our suitcases where not there. A long way of bad communication followed and eventually we did not get our suitcases for the whole trip. Eventually the suitcases arrived in Brussels, while we live in the Netherlands and they refused to bring then to us. We had to get them ourself. We are still trying to get a compensation for the fact we did not have our suitcases for the whole trip over two weeks and then waiting months to get them after the trip. They do not respond, offer just a couple off bucks, while airlines have fixed compensations they should pay in these cases. Awful company, bad communication and just not recommended.
  Booked an Air Madagascar return ticket from Nairobi to Antananarivo, operated by Kenya Airways both ways cheaper than booking directly via Kenya Airways. Onward flight date comes and theres no check in counter for Air Madagascar at Nairobi Airport so I go to the Kenya Airways counter and attempt to check in. They have a hard time locating my name in the system but I assume they override it manually and check me in regardless since my ticket clearly indicates that I should be on the flight. Fast forward 2 days and Im at the airport in Antananarivo for my flight back to Nairobi. Same story, no check in counter for Air Madagascar in Madagascar! and I go over to the Kenya Airways counter again and they cant locate my name in the system again. I go to the Air Madagascar ticketing office and they confirm that Im on the flight. I go back to the check in counter and this back and forth happens 2 more times going through security over and over again, everyone looking at me crazier each time and each time, the people at the check in counter cant locate my name. Finally, the fella at the Air Madagascar ticketing office issues me a new ticket for later in the day free of charge. Nice gesture and in order for this not to happen again, I try to check in myself online.. guess what? Air Madagascar doesnt have an online check in feature on their website! Im writing this as I wait for my second flight, wondering whether Ill have to go through this ordeal again later. I recommend just booking with Kenya Airways directly.
BNELongreachBNE. Good flights both ways even though affected by headwinds which is beyond airline control. Comfortable seats good seat pitch Im 186cm attentive FAs and appropriate snacks and drinks made for pleasant flights. Having flown Qantas Link over the years in NSW VIC and now QLD Ive never been disappointed.
  Savannakhet to Bangkok via Pakse. Lao Airlines is lovely. Unfortunately the seat pitch leave you with no space at all. If I ever have to sit next to someone on a flight, I will simply not fit into my designated space. If the seat in front of me decline their seat Im in real trouble. They should really fix the seat pitch. Aside from that, Lao Airlines is great.
  Worst service Ive had. Paid an expensive fee, and got a low cost service. Ground service in Mexico was terrible. This is probably my worst trip ever. 
  I have never had worse service than what Ryanair has given me.  Shady, unfortunately not a good price and hidden between the line fines. Never experienced such unprofessional acts and will never recommend Ryanair. 
  Sharjah to Jaipur. Being Low cost airlines is fine, but how fair is it even ask a passenger to pay for extra weight bought at duty free, after immigration. Just before boarding. I have everything in place. Had a weight limit of 30kgs of check in. But had checkedin only 25 Kgs. Had another cabin luggage for 10kgs. Now after immigration I came to duty free. Made purchases within the applicable limits. And reached my boarding gate as I was getting late. Just before the gate. We were stopped and cabin baggage was rechecked. My duty free luggage was 6kgs  my hand luggage was within 10 Kgs. The gentleman at gate says, we will only allow 3kgs for duty free. No guidelines for this given before. We would have made purchases accordingly.  According to air Arabia 10kg  3kg duty free, thats all what they will allow. I had to leave my luggage behind as they wont agree or willing to listen what Im trying to explain. Last minute changes. Hopeless low cost carrier.
I had a pleasantly smooth flight. Service was excellent plane spotless plenty of sparkling wine to keep me company during my flight from Turin to Munich  I wish they flew out of London as well as I would go out of my way to use this company.
  My party of 5 booked with Air Canada to fly from Las Vegas to Vancouver and Vancouver to Sydney in October 2022. I was travelling with my elderly parents and paid more to get the premium seats with extra leg room for all persons in our party. I also chose the flights to ensure our transit and waiting times were not too long, as our party and especially my elderly parents would not cope well long transit times. In November 2022, I received notification due to change in flight schedules, our new flight and transit time in Vancouver would now be 12 hours. This would not work for us, and based on the Air Canada email I would log onto the Air Canada notification I would log onto the Air Canada website and make changes to the new flights or request a refund if the new schedule did I work. If seemed there were no other flights or information available for me to reschedule and so I wanted to cancel our flights to book with another airline, to get a refund the website said to contact Air Canada. This is when I found out there is NO WAY to communicate with Air Canada outside of Canada and the US. I searched all over the internet and only found numbers for people within Canada and US. At my wits end, I posted a message on the Air Canada Facebook. I got a response, and I explained the situation with my parents and that a 12 hours transit time was not workable for my situation, and if there were any other flights available with shorter transit times. I didnt get a response for 4 weeks, and had to continually send messages via Facebook. I informed them of the urgency and the need for a response, I requested that if flights with shorter time I wanted a refund, so I could purchase tickets with another airline. I got a response. I explained that the final leg of my flight from Vancouver to Sydney we had bought specific seats in row 18 with extra leg room, and wanted to confirm there seats were still ours. I was assured that seeing that flight and plane had not changed, so our booking and seats remained the same. I breathed a sigh of relief. All this took 2 months! Then at the end of Feb 2023, about 9 weeks before I was due to leave for my holiday, I received another notification that my flights had once again been rescheduled to the 12 hours transit schedule! I was furious and distressed and once again, had to message Air Canada to explain the situation again, and why a 12 hour transit time did not work and posed a risk to my parents health. I also requested a confirmation that our purchased seats had not changed. I got a response on Facebook and our flights were once again moved to the flights that I had been rescheduled to. They could not explain by my flights had been moved to the 12 hours transit time! Then in May 2023 24 hours before our flight was due to leave from Las Vegas  Vancouver  to Sydney I got the standard checkin email for our flights. I logged in and to my surprise, the seats in row 18 we have purchase 8 months ago were no longer our seats. We had no seats assigned let alone seats with extra leg room. On the app I got a message that if I wanted extra leg room, I would need to pay $164 per seat. The seats in row 18 were no longer available. I spent 30 minutes on hold and another 30 minutes with the person on the phone, who confimed I had purchased there seats 8 months ago, but coudlnt explain these seats were no longer available.
  Oaxaca to Mexico City . I have never experienced such bad customer service. People had been in line for over 2 hours. Only 1 desk agent. Instead of calling people up front for the flight that was going to depart he checked in people for the flight after. Then gave us boarding tickets when the plane was already gone. People waited for 2 hours to find out what to do next. This airline is a joke! We got booked on a flight the next morning resulting in a loss of paid hotel in Mexico city. When we arrived the next morning there were again 50 angry people in line waiting for a flight that Aeromar cancelled and didnt tell anyone. When we finally got on the plane multiple people had the same seat number. It was ridiculous and unprofessional.
FCOOLBFCO. Meridiana uses the MD80 on this route I think its a wonderful machine very silent on the front but quite noisy on the back. Cabin crew professional and polite always smiling except one on the return flight that seemed bored and completely uninterested. On the first leg we left FCO on time and we arrived 30 minutes early! the return was on time also. Very satisfied I hope Ill fly them again.
  Flew on GA402 Jakarta to Denpasar and was able to check in at the Business Class check in area and was helped and assisted by the Garuda ground support team. I was then escorted through security and to the business class lounge. When it came time for boarding, Ika from the Garuda ground support team escorted to the gate. The flight was full, however the cabin crew offered breakfast, however I declined as I already had something to eat prior to boarding. The flight itself was good and I did not encounter any issues. Upon arrival in Denpasar, I was met at the gate by the Garuda premier team and escorted to the baggage area. Overall, another good flight on Garuda Indonesia.
  Hong Kong to Hangzhou. Very poor service with no clear explanation for flight delay. This airline always delays one flight with fewer customers in order not to delay other flights with more customers. For example, the flight from Hong Kong to Hangzhou Flight number KA622 is frequently delayed for 34 hours due to airlines poor operations of flight schedules but not because of weather conditions.
  Took Swoop in Jan 2023 on a domestic trip Victoria to Toronto with 3 flight delays arriving more than 6 hours later than planned. On my return trip home in March the flight was canceled two days in a row with only offering WestJet options with layovers when the flight was initially direct. Customer service is appalling, no compensation for lost wages, hotels, etc. for having to wait 3 days to travel. Will not be flying with them again.
 Never ever fly with Frontier, its an absolute disaster!!! My itinerary is from LAS to MSY with a layover in Denver. After boarding the flight in Denver to MSY F9 478 on 06302023, we were informed the flight has been cancelled literally after boarding the flight. Didnt give us any reasons on why the flight is cancelled. After waiting in line for more than 2 hours, finally got a chance to speak to the agent at the customer desk. She was the only one who was dealing with all the passengers. She was miserable, and didnt care what the passengers were going through. I was told by her that there is no alternative to get to destination for the next 48 hours. I even requested her whether I could get a flight back to LAS, to which she denied. When asked for other options, I was told I could cancel the itinerary for full refund, and that too I have to claim for it online. Given no choice, I left the desk, filed for refund, and booked a different airline at that last minute for a whopping price to reach the destination. Later I came to know that only a partial refund was issued on my itinerary, I got flabbergasted looking at the email. I filed a complaint with the customer service on the deception. They got back to me saying since the first leg was flown, only a partial refund could be issued, and apologized for the deception with a $50 voucher for future flight travel with Frontier. Who want their credit because I would never ever in my life would choose Frontier again. Also, I will never recommend anyone to chose this airlines. This was my first and will be my last flight experience with Frontier. The airlines and their customer service is so lousy and deceitful, so please never chose this airlines for your travel, if you have a choice.
  Never ever fly Flair! Their tickets may be cheap but they are absolutely horrible at customer service! My mom came to visit, and as she is older with medical issues, she booked wheelchair assistance both ways. It took them 2 hours to get her from the plane to the baggage area when she arrived! And she ended walking part of the way because she was tired of waiting for the assistance! She was in the airport longer than she was in the air! Then going back, she checked in online, made it to check her bag in the appropriate time frame, but because again Flair did not take care of her wheelchair assistance properly, she actually missed her flight. Do you think they would even apologize or offer a rebook? Nope! But they sent her luggage on the plane! So after no help from any FlairPearson employee, we were able to get her on a later flight that day with Air Canada, who were absolutely amazing. She flew out from Billy Bishop and what a wonderful experience it was for her! Now Flair doesnt know where her luggage is and she has to wait until Thursday to get any help from them. I cant believe they were so rude and harsh to a 75yr old woman! I dont care about the price difference, I will only fly Air Canada out of Billy Bishop Airport! Flair Airlines and Pearson Airport are the most unaccommodating, rude and ignorant group I have ever heard of. All they do is blame the passengers or each other and do not take responsibility for their own actions!
It was really a new experience flying Kulula. Our flights from DURPLZ and from CPT to JNB were absolutely perfect for a so called lowprice carrier. Friendly and nice staff and safe and clean aircraft. B732 and MD 80. Checkin was fast and correct and the flights were relaxing and full of good sense of humor. Back in SA we would fly Kulula again and again. Best choice!
  I would like to compliment Airlink on their service and professional reservations assistance for our flights to Skukuza from CT and back from Hoedspruit. They assisted with a cancellation in a professional and efficient manner as well as my daughter had to cancel a flight last minute due to Durban looting and riots. Their COVID Protocols as well as service, reliability, no delays etc. were great especially in a time when airlines have become unreliable due to the economic climate.
  Ampana to Palu. Tobacco fumes from air con during whole flight though it was a no smoking flight. From the cockpit or the toilet? Dirty and worn out interior.  Only 10 kg luggage and paid in advance for the extra 10 we had for free at Lion. again trouble at uncheck desk. The Wings staff at Ampana was incapable to handle a incheck, could not speak English and hardly handle a computer, even though 45 staff was behind one desk! Even we had the receipt of paid luggage, they used more than 15 minutes to make a boarding card. Also 2 hour delay, but we got one glass of water for free. No apology and no information inflight from cockpit. The flight attendant spoke fast and hardly understandable English.
 I had in the past lots of good experiences. I liked the airline and promoted for them. Unfortunately, three times from last year until now I was hopeful they will get back on track and serve their customers. But that is not the case. I might be really expectant. Ask around before purchasing any ticket from this company. I should not forget to mention, nowadays they charge for everything. Have a look into that. Lower you expectations or dont buy any ticket from them. I am sure this is the last time for me at least. The overall experience has decreased drastically.
Like all budget airlines Aurigny charge over the odds for credit card booking. £3 per person to encourage you to reserve a seat is a joke  they automatically allocate seats not next to each other upon web checkin  meaning I was at the back of the plane and my partner at the front. Planes are very old. Leg room OK but wherever you are in the country we were flying from East Midlands its never usually much more then an hours flight. Overall the flight is a means to an end.
  Melbourne to Brisbane. Worst airline Ive flown with. Ive never seen an airline with a carry on weight limit and they made me pay an extra $46 to take my carryon onto the plane. I will never travel with this airline again.
  Appalling from the time we booked are seats. We paid extra for seats with additional leg room and specific seats numbers  we did not get due to a change of aircraft  the oldest aircraft I have ever seen. Spoke with customer service before the flight and was told to speak to the person on the checkin desk in regards to a seat change to honour the extra money we had paid. The checkin person was not able to help, but assured us that we would get a refund if we just sent a ITA Airways and email attaching or tickets. We have done this however to date after 30 emails ITA Airways will not honour the refund. The most appalling customer service I have ever received. The plant was very basic and looked like it should be retired. Never will I fly with them again!
  Disgraceful company. Booked flights for April which were cancelled by the airline. Refund applied for in May and 3 months later still no refund. Their approach to the pandemic appears to be sticking their head in the sand and pretending its not happening. Ive flown them before and they certainly werent bad but not in the same league as other middle Eastern carriers. I would never recommend them to anyone after this though, no matter how cheap the flights. Terrible, terrible airline.
I flew XL Airways France from New York to Paris and back, returning on Sunday Septemeber 27th into JFK.  The airline had an extremely friendly crew on both leg, the inflight food was up to standard, and the flights departed as scheduled. The whole experience with this airline was great. I will say this much I rarely give reviews, I felt impelled to share my personal experience which was 100 pleasant.
 Singapore to Penang return with Tigerair. You get to experience the good and bad of modern day budget travel with Tigerair. Having booked a round trip I was able to print my boarding pass and go straight to the gate, hence I could skip the long checkin line in the morning. Bus gate this flight probably due to costcutting, and if you happen to be one of the unlucky few who decided to buy a boardmefirst option, theyll board you first on the bus and not the plane. Unsurprisingly departure was delayed due to the need for the bus to loop several times to pick up passengers from the terminal. Return flight from Penang was almost like a travellers heaven flight departed 30 minutes early as everyone had checked in at Penang Airport comfortably ahead of checkin cut off time. It also helped that there was an aerobridge and wellorganised handling agents, which meant passengers were all on board in less than 20 minutes. Arrival in Singapore was of course 30 minutes early. Being a budget airline, the service was almost nonexistant. Cant say that I dont like this airline as theyve performed well on the return leg for me, but there is always room for improvement when it comes to departures from Changi.
  Phu Quoc to Ho Chi Minh City. Very bad service! The changed my flight to the next day, the hotline sayed i can get a refund for the the flight ticket. But i need to write an email to the support, but i didnt get an answer back.
  Both flights going to and from Orlando were delayed, to which the flight to Orlando didnt give a notification till 2 hours prior to the planned departure time. Company proceeds to push back times with little to no reason. On top of this, upon arrival into a new country, my passport was lost. Every precaution to communicate with the airline was taken, in case it was found. After a 10 day holiday, no word was communicated. Leaving me to travel 10 hours round trip to an embassy to obtain a travel document. Just to arrive at the airport on departure date, and be told they have my passport. Rather than communicating this important information. The airline chose to hold and and assume I would show up with no passport, in search of mine. I am extremely disappointed in the lack of communication in regards to such important documents, not to mention the time wasted retrieving replacement documentation. Going forward I will not being using this airline or travel source again. Due to extremely pour communication , if that, from their staff. Not to mention the severely low staff they seem to have across all fronts. I would not recommend this airline to anyone, to avoid all these headaches.
  Flight overall was not bad though the seats were cramped and legroom was tight. The cabin crew told my mom there were water bottles in the back near the restrooms but there wasnt there were just snacks. Overall a good experience!
  The web checkin was harrowing, they disabled the default free seat that was assigned after selecting another seat, and there was no way to return to the default option. This is a bit of a scam when one is forced to pay for a seat equivalent to the autoassigned seat. The customer service was of no help at all.
  What a disgraceful excuse for an airline, I only chose them because they were cheaper  big mistake, the additional fees and all the rubbish is where they trick. I checked in in Paris no issue with hand luggage, then in Lisbon, they were weighing bags for hand luggage and if over 10 kilos total were forcing everyone to check in bags and pay a fine of 120 EURO. Food was inedible.
 Worst airline Ive ever flown with. I waited over 2 hours on gate K6 for departure however an announcement was made that the plane was delayed over 1 hour which I then waited patiently. 10 minutes before 5pm departure time I get an email stating plane departing from different gate which I headed to and missed the plane with my family and kids. I was then advised to go to level 3 and speak to AirAsia customer service to explain to them and they immediately requested that I pay 870RM as this is a special deal. All I can say is this airline is a total scam, stay away. I did rebook with AirAsia as now they were the only airline flying to Langkawi at 0855pm however this time the plane was delayed 2.5 hours. Never again!
  Flew to Lisbon Sept 10 on AC1916, economy. Nice new plane. First drink not served until dinner 2 or 3 hours later. Staff confirmed in flight entertainment did not work on this plane. Should work on iPad or android device as there are no built in screens on Rouge. On flights to Europe they do provide a hot meal. It was very good within north America you pay for food. The fees to prebook seats are high, exorbitant for seats with more leg room. No longer a bargain flight. Standard seats are okay, as on air transat. Rouge MUST solve the inflight entertainment.
  Toronto to Charlotte. Very disorganized and chaotic at the boarding gate in Toronto. Delayed 90 minutes deleting. Maintenance. No food or whatre nearby Gate A9. Nearest foodrefreshment A19. On arrival 15 minute delay at arrival gate  no gate agent. Really? The inability to get the easy things causes me to question the companys ability to execute safely.
  Ive flown with Copa Airlines on a couple of occasions. The aircrafts have on both occasions been modern and either new or revamped with good air circulation. Value for money trumps many latin American airlines such as Avianca for sure. The main issue to beware is the customer service. My selected window seat was reassigned without my knowledge or consent. I discovered at the gate that I was reassigned a middle seat and my prior seat given away despite holding a ticket for that seat. On the aircraft I was told that I could ask someone to switch seats obviously I refused to do that! and then told I had the option of getting off the aircraft! I emailed the customer service department following the flight and they responded with waffle. Terrible service at every juncture. And this for a frequent flyer with platinum status on a partner airline so who knows how much worse they perform for others.
 Unfortunately, my experience on Emirates airlines in economy class from Dubai to Paris CDG fell short of expectations. While I recognize economy class may not offer the same amenities as higher classes, I found the level of service and food to be subpar. Additionally, at Dubai airport, I was required to use an eboarding pass, only to be informed upon arrival that a paper boarding pass was necessary, causing inconvenience. Furthermore, the air hostesses I encountered displayed a lack of professionalism and at times, seemed uninformed. Regrettably, based on this experience, I am uncertain if I would choose to fly with Emirates again.
 My first flight with Vueling  which Id dreaded after reading reviews on here! It was excellent  apart from a few glitches uploading all the covid necessary documents for verification pre checkin. All Vueling staff  from airport bag drop to gate team to crew great. On board the cleanest aircraft Ive ever flown, the crew were friendly, efficient and totally professional. Service was quick and the flight a delight.
  Very good. Very happy with everything. The app is easy to use for checking. Honestly, I was worried because of the reviews I read online but everything went very well.
Plane was 1 hour late unexplained on the outbound BGISVG sector but thankfully as flight was not totally full luggage did travel. No such luck on the return leg. It was all the passengers who were connecting on to UK flights whose luggage didnt arrive and they had been clearly labelled as connecting luggage in St Vincent. We saw our luggage next to the baggage hold and foolishly thought that would mean it would travel  but no dont be fooled! It will now apparently be sent on a day later as it will miss the UK flight  not so great when you have yet another sector at the other end. Not sure if well ever see it again!
  Worst airline ever and Ill never fly with them again. Our flight was canceled and they rebooked us with Jetstar however couldnt provide us with the booking reference number therefore we were unable to check with Jetstar and wasted a whole day at the Hamilton island airport. Their service staff left work at 945 am in the morning and contact center staff just kept telling us to ask the airport service desk which is ridiculous. Ill recommend Jetstar as even if they might cancel your flights they can put you on a Qantas flight as long as there are seats available. Leave Virgin alone until they learn how to treat their passengers correctly.
  Vueling customer service is the worst I have experienced. They simply do not care about their customers and only want to make a quick buck. I was supposed to fly with my pregnant wife, twoyearold son, and mom. We got to the airport nearly 2 hours early, went through security, found our gate, and waited for the majority of the people to board. Then went into line once it was shorter, and when we reached the boarding gate they told us there is no space and that they sold our tickets to the people in front of us. This was the end of our trip. They then lost our bag and offered us and their customer service offered us a slight two days later which was expensive and we had to pay for. I still do not understand how this could happen  how can a business like this exist when they screw over families during their travels. We travel several times a year. I have never experienced such poor service. The staff was simply instructed to cut us off at any point and tell us to leave the airport.
SHAKMGLJG. SHA to KMG was operated by a Boeing 737800. Economy class seats extremely cramped with not much legroom. Later I switched to an emergency exit row since the flight was not full. Food was rather simple compared to CA and MU. It was a box full of snacks. KMGLJG on a Boeing 737700. A hamburger which was inedible was served. Overall not a very pleasant experience.
  I was very tired and i was expecting to sleep during the flight, unfortunately i cant sleep because the cabin lights didnt dim throughout the flight and the cabin crew selling the alcohol in the middle of the flight which is very noisy. Also passengers keep gathering and talking in very loud voice. 1 hour before landing i was felt so thirsty and I contact the cabin crew from my seat more than 5 times, but no one approached me till we landing.
VarnaSofia FB0980 4 May 2013. Very bad experience! A huge delay  more than 8 hrs. No information no compensation no apology. Rather rude behaviour of local agent of FB office at Varna airport. Poor service on board.
Ponta Delgada to Boston with SATA. Flight was delayed 4 or 5 times throughout the day. 89 hours later it was cancelled for technical reasons. They couldnt figure out all day that this one and only plane could not be fixed. Now we are waiting in line for over an hour while 2, yes only 2 people help an entire plane with hotel vouchers. Ruined a great vacation. I will never come back here again until real airlines start flying here. SATA has not figured it out how to take care of its customers. They dont even have a second plane to assist. One guy has been here since Sunday trying to fly to Boston. Its now late Tuesday. Are you kidding me?
 Flew Loganair from Stornoway to Edinburgh. The flight was a relatively quiet one, but the single cabin crew member was polite, chatty and friendly. Takeoff was in strong winds but the aircraft was handled with skill, and the inflight complimentary service was not disrupted. The Inflight service was comprehensive, offering a breakfast option and drink. The entire experience was like stepping back in time to a more luxurious period.
  BangkokSaigonHue close to New Year 2023. Both flights on A321. Both flights  hour delayed, which is acceptable on a last Friday prior to New Year. Checkin in Bangkok not very professional could not communicate well, did not know African cities, could not retrieve info of my luggage from previous flights. However, in the end I got my business class privileges incl. fast track for security and enjoyed the Miracle, which is a 3rd party, quite disappointing lounge. Lounge provided in SGN domestic was the Le Saigonnais, which had good food and only soft drinks. Luggage arrived perfectly on both destinations had to collect it and check it in again in Saigon due to the international arrival from Bangkok to the domestic next flight. On board I found a traditional, ample business class seating. FAstaff were courteous, caring, and very attentive. On both flights I had amble space with pleasant, wide, large seats in a 2 x 2 configuration 4 rows less than half of the 16 seats were taken. Wet towels provided, likewise welcome drinks. As for food, I got the verbal choice no menu of hot and cold snacks and drinks, appropriate for short flights. Asked on both flights if I cared for more food and drinks. Table cloth, steel cutlery and proper glasses were provided. Champagne is not any longer served on regional flights, only wine. The white wine was completely undrinkable a cheap French sauvignon which is unsellable in Europe, but VN seems pleased to have made a good deal by paying for garbage, feeding their passengers with substandard toxic? drinks. 24 Vietnamese beers were offered, also on the domestic leg. IFE is on shared monitors with VN inspired programme of agriculture, tourism, and culture. No sound, unless you use own headsets. Call bell answered with seconds. Overall, a consistent, classic, and roomy product.
Munich  Rome as a part of our trip from London on a codeshare with Lufthansa The flight left on time and landed early. The cabin crew were really good and and friendly served a nice snack with drinks. Presentation of the plane and crew were spotless . Can recommend this airline.
  Interjet was fine prior to Covid19, but this airline should now be avoided at all costs. The airline has been issuing vouchers for future travel, but with a very restrictive timeframe must be flown by June 30, 2021 and vouchers must be redeemed before October 30, or they expire. Interjet has suspended all international flights since March, but continued selling nonrefundable flights for international destinations on its website well into the summer of 2020. That should be illegal! I bought a flight from Mexico City to Havana in May, 2020 on the assumption that the airline had resumed international service, and was informed only 3 days before that the flight had been cancelled. I have some other Interjet vouchers as well, but Interjet is currently flying a few routes within Mexico, and thats it. Interjet is screwing over its passengers with this unrealistic timeline to use the voucher with very limited options within Mexico only.
  Mexico City to Dallas. I was on the phone for 34 hours they was not any single person how can help to make any changes to get the flight fixed.  I recommend people dont buy any flights with this airline, Interjet is terrible service and they dont care about anything else, just there money. Hope people really dont buy tickets with them. 
  Very attentive staff at airport check in and the cabin staff. Exceptionally clean surroundings and up to date equipment for entertainment etc. Meal service was polite and quick with plenty of good, tasty food. I would happily fly this airline again and recommend it. I would like to thank the airport information worker who gave me vital information and advice about necessary travel preparations, and PRC test requirements before my journey, without her support, it would have been very stressful days.
  Air NZ have been disappointing for some time now. I am one of their premium customers and where possible try not to fly Air NZ, unfortunately they are our national carrier and key option when travelling NZ and overseas. The service, consistency of service and lack of quality business class is disappointing. Hope they get their act together but glad plenty of competition on USA routes has come! Air NZ is overpriced and an average experience all round!
 The flight was really nice and the crew were friendly. There was a bit of a delay but the service I received made up for it, the loo was perfect and the food was yummy and hot. I also want to review the complainers, there are some making silly complaints, for example people complaining about having to pay £60 extra for missing the checkin window, it is well advertised that you can check in at home on your tablet or computer, dont they have one? Also they are complaining about having to pay extra money to print out boarding passes, this is well known and totally avoidable if they actually checked in on their smart phones on the Ryanair app. Also they could of gone to a library to print out their passes for 30p? Some people just like to complain.
  I flew Olympic Air from Athens to Chios. The cabin crew was very helpful and I was amazed that snacks and drinks were served in such a sort flight about 25 mins. The pilots were very informative and performed perfect landing despite strong winds. The aircraft was very clean. I would fly with Olympic Air again.
 All of us know that we have to be in airport at least 2.5 hours before check in. We were supposed to check in together with a flight to Narita as well. However, when its our turn to check in at counter, all the Cebu Pacific counters are giving priority to Narita flight. Why is this so? All of us have the responsibility and self discipline to be punctual and be answerable for our own actions. The fact that the Singapore flight check in have to be sidelined, then who would want to come on time for check in? The later you come, the earlier you get to check in. Seeing many passengers who are in the same predicament as me, I decided to shame Cebu Pacific. Their senior customer service instead of apologizing, cited that Narita boarding gate is closing soon. Is this my problem? We are not talking about a few passengers whom we need to give way. 30 passengers! For what? When Cebu Pacific promote people to manage the counters, its really by seniority and not by brains. Why dont they split the counters to accommodate for both routes? Only idiots take the easiest way out of trying to solve the problem at one go. Cebu Pacific is never the airline you would want to take. Your interests and rights can be compromised at their discretion.
 First time with Austrian Airlines and it will definitely be my last. My flight was Venice to Dubrovnik with a layover in Vienna. Their customer service is a joke, they all just have scripted answers and redirect you to fill out forms on the website. Its like talking to a robot. Ive called numerous times without any success. You request for a supervisor and they say there is none available no matter when you call. I held for an hour today. My partner and I were on a week long trip across Europe and I was planning to propose in Dubrovnik, but then Austrian Airlines have delayed our luggage when we had landed and most likely lost the luggage. My proposal and trip has now been ruined as my partner had to return to Seattle for their portion of the trip for work. While I had to spend a full day of my remaining vacation spending extra money on getting new clothes toiletries because Im going to be here for four more weeks across European countries which Im told theyre going to only reimburse 50 of clothes and 100 of toiletries but its probably going to be a great hassle to get out of them considering everything else lately. Im never checking a bag again because of this and encourage no one else to ask well. This is gross negligence and they take no accountability or action. Even when I did check in my baggage I had issues as well. I tried to buy online for 30 per bag and the website kept giving an error which I showed the error and charges to the check in at the airport and she still did not honor the price and made us pay 50.00 per bag to then lose said bags and destroy a proposal and vacation. Now Im spending half my time on vacation, stressed out, trying to do everything I can to at least have my bags found and sent home and there is zero assistance by Austrian. Never fly with them and I would definitely suggest never checking your baggage!
  Vancouver to Campbell River. Im never booking with Central Mountain Air again. First flight was cancelled and I had to go with Pacific Coastal. On the return flight, both they and Pacific Coastal had weather advisories to Campbell River at the same time. Pacific Coastal said if the weather was too bad that they would go to Comox and bus us the rest of the way, whereas Central Mountain Air would fly back to Vancouver and tell us to get our own accommodation at our expense. Terrible serviceplanning. Go with Pacific Coastal instead.
The service was adequate, food beef salad was adequate. Equipment old and tired. Cabin crew friendly. However, there appears to be something jinxed about this flight. Second time in 18 months we have flown this route and both times significant delays. This time it was 90 minutes. The frustrating aspect was the number of gate changes six of them three of them in the last 60 minutes before departure, the same number as the last time.
 The flight was awesome and amazing. Crew should improve their behavior little bit. We loved the flight meal was also average. TV was also big enough and the flight was pleasant.
  I checked the price of flights from Bangkok to Koh Samui  crazy expensive, but as I got a deal on my accommodation I decided to proceed. I signed up for the frequent flier program, but after that I was unable to see the price in Thai Baht, all it would show me was US$ and much more expensive than the Baht price. I pressed on only to find that a bunch of extra costs had been added, not just the usual fees. I checked to the final figure in $US and clicked pay. My Thai bank was not charged in US$ but but Thai Baht at a ridiculous exchange rate. The aircraft from Bangkok to Koh Samui is a a propeller aircraft definitely the worst I have ever travelled in. A very uncomfortable flight. Landing in Koh Samui there was an announcement in Thai and one in English saying the usual please remain seated with seatbelt fastened until the seatbelt sign is switched off When the seatbelt sign was switched off I stood to get my bag from the overhead locker. That is when a stewardess screamed at me from the back of the plane to sit down. The plane was very small and everyone stared at me. I pointed at the seatbelt sign above me and she shouted wait to be called to leave. I made a formal complaint to Bangkok Airways about how I had been treated. I eventually received a reply saying that the case had been investigated and that the stewardess had acted properly.
  Nadi to Los Angeles. We paid for our two adult children to fly at the bulkhead seats and to have bassinets for their babies. When we get to the airport they changed the seats and gave them away both on the inbound and the outbound flights. We tried to work with them and showed them our confirmation of the seats and payment of the extra fee. They said that other people were confirmed and that our seats were only requested, even though we had a confirmation email. When we asked a supervisor they said that it was because there were three younger babies on the flight and they gave the seats to them. When we boarded the plane and saw that those babies were over 65 years old we knew two things. One, we feel they doublebooked those seats and stole our money and they lied to us about why our seats were given away. Very poor customer service. We have flown with them more than a dozen times and they always seem to change seats either on us or those we fly with. We only find out when we get to the ticket counter. I will not be flying with Fiji Airways again.
Flew from LCY to GCI return. Outbound Quick and easy check in at LCY, straight through security then to departures. LCY can get quite busy in the mornings but managed to find a seat without any problems. Bused to the aircraft. Onboard great friendly service, complimentary drink and duty free items offered. Flight time approx. 1 hour. Return Check in at GCI can be a bit slow espicially if there are a couple of other flights departing around the same time. Same friendly service on board for the return trip. The aircraft used is the smaller version of the ATRs they have in their fleet but offers the same cabin layout as the bigger ATR aircraft, the seat pitch is exactly the same. This is Aurignys newest route and is a great alternative to Gatwick and would highly recommend this for anyone starting or finishing their journey in central London. If you book in advance the fares are reasonable and once you factor the train cost to Gatwick the fare is not much different. LCY is a great airport to travel through, quick, easy and hassle free compared to the bigger London airports.
  I planned my trip to Spain on the first week of September traveling with American Airlines and Iberia MiamiNYMadridAlicante Sep 34th. Ive even paid to Iberia for seats that were not honored. The trip from NY to Madrid 9 hours was so uncomfortable that short distance buses are way more comfy, the crew was not attentive, the food was surprisingly good or I was so hungry at that point. On September 11th for my return trip I was mistreated by the counter personnel, a lady who sent me with very bad attitude to the end of a wrong line. When I got to the counter, she angrily told me that the flight was closed and I was standing in the wrong line, the attitude was supported by the Supervisor. Even though I had to pay for a return ticket 1,200 dls I was relieved to not be traveling by Iberia, awful experience!
  Melbourne to Frankfurt via Ho Chi Minh and return via Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh domestic flight. This was a very good fare bought at short notice. The online checkin did not work properly in either direction, but all our airport checkin experiences were friendly and efficient. Boarding was orderly, and the onboard service on all legs was welcoming and courteous. The seat was comfortable with useful storage areas, and the vegetarian food and drink were fine best vegetarian food was on the leg out of Frankfurt. The various lounges we experienced were good, with the best being at the Hanoi domestic terminal. On the outward journey the transit through Ho Chi Minh was a bit chaotic, as it took a long time for the security officers to come and do the security scans and subsequently lead us to the lounge. The return journey included a domestic leg from Hanoi to Ho Chi Minh to pick up the ongoing flight to Melbourne. Our emails to VNA, the Vietnamese consulate and Flight Centre which sold the ticket asking about visa requirements went unanswered. After wed made many attempts to get this information, the VNA office in London finally replied and explained that Australians need a visa to take the domestic flight. My partner obtained an evisa as a UK citizen I didnt need one. When we arrived at Hanoi immigration was smooth, and after customs a VNA agent appeared from nowhere to take our luggage and direct us to the domestic terminal. The domestic to international transit in Ho Chi Minh was smooth, apart from immigration taking about 20 minutes to verify the entry visas issued in Hanoi. VNA shows its appreciation to Business Class passengers, with priority screening and boarding lanes that really work, and Business Class buses giving priority when bussing to the terminal is necessary. Overall, despite the transit glitches, it was a pleasant experience and very good value.
Tu154 Moscow St Petersburg. Creature comforts not up to modern aircraft standards but superb real experience. Food quite good and service good. Do it before the Tu154s become a thing of the past!
  Prague to Paris. CSA flights are operated by Smartwings. I really cant see anything smart in that company. They are consistently late, comfort onboard is is that of a charter company. Todays flight from Prague to Paris was 1 h late which for the 1st flight of the day is a performance and for a complete pleasure we had to wait 20 mins in a bus to disembark in Paris. This company is simply unreliable. The most terrible is that they boast being members of the Skyteam Alliance although their total lack of quality is miles away from any Skyteam Alliance company.
  Vienna to Los Angeles via Dusseldorf. We started our trip from the US very confused. When we booked our tickets we did learn that Air Berlin does not fly in the US and part of our flights were with American Airlines for US domestic. I liked that they did not charge for luggage and our luggage went all the Way to Vienna. Unfortunately one of the pieces of luggage did not make it until 12 hours later which was not too bad. The flight was pleasant, nice, helpful crew and the food was not bad. On the way home none of our 4 checked pieces of luggage came on time. We landed Monday night, and as of Friday we have not received them. It could be a really drawback if we were not home but trying to enjoy our vacation.
 I think this is the 5th time Ive flown with Air Canada where the flight has been cancelled due to maintenance issues or other problems. We were all boarded on the plane at sat for an hour then were told to wait 23 hours while they dealt with maintenance, then proceeded to cancel the flight and rebooked everyone for a different day. They were not able to provide any alternatives for the day and this is a common occurrence for Air Canada. Are they not able to check on the maintenance before they board all the passengers? Overall Air Canada is inconsistent and you likely wont make your flight. I recommend West Jet instead for domestic flights, much more consistent.
  Worst customer service of any airline Ive flown. I booked a changeable ticket but when trying to change it, Thai Airways is making me jump through so many hoops my head is spinning! First, you cannot change online. You must email customer service. Customer service emails you after at least a day saying that you must contact the ticket office of your original destination. No working phone numbers for any ticket offices on their website or Google. The originating ticket office gave me a Thailand phone number to call no toll free. They finally changed my ticket but said I would receive and email a couple of days before departure  to make a payment. The email arrived early in my spam folder and the link expired. I spent an hour on the phone requesting a new link. It took more than 24 hours for them to send a new link because customer service and the ticketing department are separate and you cannot contact ticketing directly. I finally received the new link, but its rejecting every possible card I have and my family has. Weve tried Visa card, Mastercard, and debit cards from 3 different banks in different names. All are rejected. The banks say no fraud alert has been triggered, the problem is with the merchant. Thai Airways refuses to take responsibility for their antiquated system and terrible technology. My flight leaves in 12 hours and I still dont have a confirmed ticket! I will never fly Thai again.
  There was a 20 minutes delay due to late arrival. Boarding was done with bus at very remote location. The aircraft a little overused. Seats were standard Euro Business that had better days. Safety presentation was done with dropdown screens the first row left screen was not operating. Welcome was professional but not friendly. After departure service started which was consisted of a box with local produced packed products. There was a selection of drinks and sparkling wine. At the end coffee was offered which were 2 spoons of coffee and hot water  nothing special. No IFE app. At Dubrovnik had to bus transfer to the terminal had to pass through passport control, print your boarding pass and go through screening again. No connecting passengers service. Lounge at DBV was small and selection of food was 3 different kinds of sandwiches. Boarding to DH4 was done by bus but this time crew was much friendlier. Service was much better, asked if wanted second round of drinks and same coffee was presented perfect. Pity that the airline doesnt have consistency.
  So we had a connection flight from Mumbai to Delhi. It was very good experience with Vistara my First domestic flight. Crew members also very nice. I like breakfast, after 6 months return from abroad feels like home made. Thank you Vistara it was very nice journey. 
YVRPDX. Check in a breeze and a small aircraft think it was a 28 seater. Got a drink and a few snacks as well. Crew on board were fantastic and a great flight. Seats were comfy.
This roundtrip from JFK to Lagos Nigeria was very bad. I had flown with ARIK air 5 years ago and was hugely disappointed with the experience this time around. My reason for flying with this airline was due to its direct flight with no layover, and the fact that I had flown with them in the past and had a good experience. This time it was shambolic. Leaving JFK, they boarded on time but we were stuck on the runway for almost an hour I can understand it is not always the airlines fault but the fact the flight attendant told us the inflight entertainment would be turned on once we left the gate was kinda odd. Only to hear over the PA that the entertainment system was not working and this made every moment in the 10.5 hour flight feel frustrating for not being honest with us travelers. There was no entertainment on the return flight as well. The plane dcor was less than desirable. Once you got past the business class section, the walkway carpet was in need of replacement as you could see the show and cart marks. One bathroom was nonfunctional and smelled unsanitary with the toilet seat broken off. I wasnt sure if the airline wasnt taking note of what needed to be fixed. The meals were nothing special. Since it was the same plane returning the above is ditto just that we left 2 hours later than we were scheduled from Lagos and they gave an excuse of being held for inspections which I didnt buy. This led to us landing on the tarmac in JFK since they lost their slot at the gates. Thus we had to be bussed to immigration and waited 1.5 hours to get our luggage. A trip and airline to forget.  And there was no wifi.
 Departure flight Firstly, let me express I live in Atlanta, GA. We have one of the largest Airports in America, therefore, I understand the 2 hours plus rule. From the time I arrived in Newark, it was a terrible choice. My first leg on United Airlines was ATL to EWR, I arrived to Hartsfield Airport ATL to discover my flight would be 1 hour and 45 mins delayed. Not a big deal to most but I had a connecting flight to Denmark, Europe. As it got closer to the boarding time, an United assistant began to yell on the microphone, Yall have to hurry and board or we will go illegal and you will have to wait longer. If anyone came up to ask a question, Yall have to hurry and board because we are about to go illegal. She informed us, they would start boarding sooner due to them about to go illegal. Finally, we are all boarded on the plane, we waited an extra 30 mins to taxi due to them allowing another United flight that was supposed to depart at 10ish pm to board our flight, they said we were not full so they could get more passengers on my flight. While this delay occurred because we have multiple people with the same seat. These genius people did not think about this. Secondly, I arrived at Newark, and it takes United 30 mins to get an associate to hook up a ramp for passenger departure of the aircraft. The pilot continues to apologize over the microphone several times. I literally had 5 mins to get to my connecting flight it was pointless to even run during this time. I reached the United help desk to informed them Id missed my connecting flight due to their delay, the woman assisted me by trying to get the next available flight but all of them made me miss my anniversary, which is the day I would have arrived to be with my spouse. At this point, they give me a hotel because I had an international flight. I asked several times if my bags would be on the new flight Id been given, the United assistant reassured me they would. It was not on my next flight after delayed for 10 hours. The assistant gave me a meal voucher of $15 for breakfast and lunch. They provided a Lyft to the hotel, by this time, it was 12 am. The hotel was about a 20 min drive, and I felt like Id passed a million hotels to arrive at such an unsatisfying one. You would have thought I was in a motel 6. After a 10hour delay, I started my travel back to Newark EWR, my international flight was on time, I was so happy to be away from this unprofessional airport. The staff was horrible going through security check out. I arrived to Aalborg, Europe to discover, no one knew where my bags were. Id missed my anniversary and now I have absolutely No clothes. Returning flight From Aalborg, Europe AAL to dreadful Newark EWR, I arrived at Newark Airport EWR again but this time I had an 8hour layover. Id learned from my first experience to just take the extra time if you can. I put myself into the Newark International Airport Marriott, which is only 5 mins from the Airport. Trust me, I could tell the difference of this hotel as I arrived in the parking lot. The next morning, I started my travels.
  I booked a flight to return from Basel to Amsterdam. This flight was cancelled and EasyJet made no effort to notify me. When I checked in to my departing flight, I saw on the app that the flight was cancelled. I called to have my flight rebooked to an earlier flight and explained my frustration at the fact that no one had contacted me in advance. I was told that my seats would be rebooked for the new flight to the extra legroom seats I had before. The next day I called again to explain that the reservation does not have me in an extra legroom seat as I paid for and asked this to be corrected. The person on the line was not willing to refund my fee as I that would mean I would also have to give up the cabin baggage allowance I also paid for. I explained to him how frustrated this was for me as a customer, and at the end of the call he asked me to hang up on me before he hung up on me himself. This is a poor example of customer service, and if the trip wasnt so last minute, I would ask for a refund and take my business elsewhere. I am not responsible for the flight being cancelled last minute and I made all the arrangements in advance to ensure a smooth trip. I am beyond disappointed in the service Ive received and will consider this when making future reservations.
  Labuan Bajo to Jakarta. Cancellation with no prior notice and terrible support. At checkin we were told the flight is canceled and we can go the following day. Only we had a connecting flight from Jakarta. Only solution they came up with was to give us a refund not even total, because it is their policy not to refund fees! and have us book a garuda flight ourselves, which was obviously more expensive due to short notice. Stupid procedures and very unreliable. In a previous flight they have lost our luggage for a couple of days of uncertainty. Take alternatives if possible!
  This flight was an all around disappointment.  While the flight attendants were friendly and were doing the best they could, it was clear they were shortstaffed.  We sat at the back and at every meal they had run out of at least one of the offerings. We had an unpleasant tasting vegetarian pasta for dinner and a very pathetic, dry wrapped sandwich for lunch.  At SFO, despite having a voucher offered by United for United Club access, the staff at the counter denied us entry because it was high season.
 Sriwijaya Air have quite good value of money for this flight from Silangit to Jakarta. There are other airlines with better amenities flying the same route, but Sriwijaya is one of the few who is doing the direct flight. The worst gripe is that some of the flight attendants are really not professional. The flight attendants generally is bugging the passengers to buy from the inflight shop, which costs lots of money. One of them even sit beside the passenger to ask the passenger to buy the item. While the passenger is also on fault for not rejecting this behavior, the actions of the FAs are not professional at all. The food is not good. The seats are pretty standard in Indonesia. The ground staff at DTB is quite nice and quite quick in checking us in.
  Terrible Experience, I almost missed my flight from JFK to Aman because they insisted I need a PCR. I explained that as long as I am fully vaccinated, Lebanon no longer requires a PCR. To my great distress, they refused to let me get on the flight. I had to ask for the manager to resolve the issue. If I didnt have an existing reservation back to Cleveland, I would never step foot on Royal Jordanian ever again. The inflight entertainment was nonexistent. All the movies were old. Avoid at all costs.
  An item was left in the seat pocket after the plane arrived at SFO. The Air New Zealand lost and found employee located it and quickly assisted us. She was efficient and went above and beyond to help us. We were extremely worried about getting it back. Thank you to the Lost and Found Department!
 The ANA business class product is superior, and in particular the room. The food served in business class is topnotch, and the service is impeccable. I have absolutely no problem with the inflight experience with ANA. However, their customer service is a joke. You cannot get a human being on the phone without an amount of delay. Every time I call the customer service number, of which there is only one, I am told the waiting time will exceed 60 minutes and to try again later. Today I made four calls to ANA, each time waiting between 45 minutes and one hour before either getting cut off, or getting impatient and concluding the call attempt.
  Flight from OAJ was delayed by an hour due to bad weather which is understandable departed at 7pm, didnt get to CLT until 810 pm, CLT is huge and it takes like 15 minutes to get to my gate, causing me to miss my connecting flight to BWI at 828 pm. But I managed to arrive 2 minutes left at B9. However, I was notified that my gate changed to B12. Its 829, so I run over and now the door to my connecting flight is closed. Too late to board. Gate agent couldnt help me, so I was directed to AA Customer Service, which took 2 hours to wait in line. Waited in line, and on the phone for an hour. I couldnt get a flight change on the phone, luckily I was near the end and got told that my flight was actually delayed? But it literally left when I arrived. Then was told that I was checked in, meaning someone was checked in with my seat before I arrived late. That I paid for. Odd. Finally I got another flight which was delayed by an hour. It took 5 hours to get me home. This was my first AA mishap, and it was trying to say the least.
  Cincinnati to Edinburgh via Keflavik.Our baggage was missing when we arrived to Keflavik. We had plans to take a short walk to the bus stop, this was impossible due to the cold weather and our lack of appropriate clothes.  We were not asked where our address will be and a multitude of appropriate questions that could have possibly helped with the recovery of our luggage.  We were told to check in with the luggage office before our 650am flight.The office does not open until 830am, we left our hotel early and did not have time for breakfast.  Our flight was moved to an earlier time.. We were not informed about this at all, on any type of communication platform. This caused us to be denied check in.  The lady at checkin was abrupt and unwilling to check my pregnant wife in while I was at the CLOSED luggage office. As I returned from the luggage office to the checkin desk we were told check in for our flight was closed so I asked to speak with a supervisor who then rectified the situation by checking us in.  Me and my wife 34 weeks pregnant were given the option to hurry up to terminal D 7 min jog. No care, help or advice was offered. It was clearly explained that we were not informed of the flight time change and that my wife is pregnant. We actually asked ourselves to get infront of people at the security check and when we arrived at gate.  We were a total of 13 days without luggage. This is our first child and we were getting married on July 15th. Our wedding clothes and child birthing equipment were in the suitcases. WOW air have stated that we should have packed all essential clothing in our carryon. We were told to go to Edinburgh airport to collect our bags, at our expense. One bag was still missing when we went to the airport and upon arrival the second bag was damaged. Customer service was really bad throughout the whole process. Calls to wow air were not helpful, some were put on hold, in the worst case we were on hold for 25 minutes and the deliberately disconnected when I asked to speak with a supervisor. Emails did not answer very simple questions. On our flight was a couple from Cincinnati who were traveling to Scotland for their honeymoon, this was the second time WOW air tried to get them to Keflavik. As we were not informed of the flight change and the couple were not on the Edinburgh flight on the 21st of June, it stands to reason they missed their flight due to a lack of care from WOW.
  I called Rex Airlines to get a refund for a booking that was made within 10 minutes and was told that it cannot be refunded and they can only offer in credit. Was unable to speak to any higher ups on the phone and as a someone who dont fly domestic flights often, I feel I got 130 dollars scammed and I will never use Rex in future. Even Jetstar is much better than this and I cannot believe that this does not breach the Australian consumer laws. Just pay a little bit more and go with a proper airlines and dont end up losing 130 dollars like me.
 Jakarta to Kuala Lumpur. Flight delayed for more than 1.5 hours and this is not the first time. Even now I am sitting at Jakarta airport my flight to KLIA suppose to be at 2100 delayed. Lion Air management should take neccesary action to avoid this situation in future. The worst flight.
 Worst experience with Malindo Airline Batik Airline. They scheduled our flight without any notification. We know on Malaysian airport that out flight has been rescheduled from Malaysia to Nepal. dont know what is a actual issue but they just said technical issue to us, the flight was cancelled from Malaysia to Kathmandu, and our transit time increased from 3 hours to 17 hours. We were around 12 passengers. Initially, they made a drama about providing accommodation, but after more than half an hour discussion, they finally gave us food and accommodation. And in morning I knew that there way more than 5 Nepalese passengers, they didnt get any accommodation or facilities. I would not recommend Malindo Air or Batik Air based on this experience. And the service was OMG cant able to explain.
  We were booked on Cityjet flights from Birmingham to Innsbruck as part of an Inghams charter. I have to say we were apprehensive, never having heard of the airline before, but that soon disappeared once we were actually on the flight. The aircraft was spacious, in that the seating wasnt cramped as on many flights we have taken and more importantly, the crew were exceptional! The addition of drinks and snacks was an added bonus  please note this BA. In fact we even left Innsbruck 30 minutes early! As far a low cost carriers go, I feel this has a massive future ahead of it. We could not have had a more pleasant flight  both ways. The crew were polite, attentive and very pleasant, in sharp contrast to Ryanair. We have vowed never to fly with them again, even before this latest debacle over cancelled flights. 
LYSORN. Clean and new aircraft FAs could be a little more professional. Nice complete meal. I am used to taking this airline to go to Algeria and it is really improving.
 Transavia treated us terribly. From the ticket agent who rudely declared we couldnt fly because she couldnt communicate the document they needed to the mechanical issues that forced us to deplane after boarding to the way that they crammed us into a bus and forced us to stand together like sardines for an hour on the tarmac, this was one of the worst airline experiences of my entire life. This company does not value customers. I dont care how cheap they are, Ill never fly with them again.
  Definitely not a low cost carrier. I booked 2 tickets from Singapore to Bangkok for $826. When I checked with Singapore Airlines, their parent company, the cost of 2 tickets with the same dates cost only $801. When I submitted a request to cancel my booking in order to book Singapore Airlines, they refused citing that their prices are competitive.
  Norwegian government closed the borders, but the company insists in acting at least immorally. Since tourist cannot enter the country, we cannot fly internally, and the company is not reimbursing the customers. Weird way to make money. In these moments we see how certain companies keep their ethical standards.
  Berlin to Luxembourg. On the 30th of November my Luxair flight was 3 Hours delayed which due to the EU passenger regulation EG Nr. 2612004 entitles me to a 250€ compensation. I emailed the customer service and they claim that the flight was only delayed 2 hrs 59 Minutes.  I was on the plane and it did not leave after 2 hours 59 minutes  we were still on the ground. I will never fly with Luxair again! 
ARNTLLARN  Flew from the UK via Stockholm on an SAS Ticket. The leg from ARN was with Estonian Air on a new CRJ900. Economy cabin only has foodsnacks for purchase I did not partake so cannot comment upon the choice. The flight itself was ontime both ways with clear announcements inn EstonianRussianEnglish. The flight was less than an hour so no need for any inflight entertainment but an interesting multilingual airline magazine was provided along with a choice of some newspapers in various languages. Airline has some codeshares with other carriers in the region and provides a good connection to other ScandinavianBaltic destinations.
  Johannesburg to Lilongwe. Was originally booked on SA170 but due to their strike I was rebooked onto Malawian Airlines ET21. The whole process was a total mess. Boarding gate staff pulled aside 5 or 6 passengers because they did not scan passports at the checkin counters  made us wait until the entire flight was boarded and then scanned us and boarded us. After that, I was seated in 1C business class. My seat was filthy, uncleaned and plastic parts of the seat were broken and cracked. The tray table for food was broken and sat at an angle with the food tray sitting on the edges delicately and precariously!! Hostess did not seem bothered about this and still place food and drink on the wobbly table which was frightening. Food was abundant, it was very tasty and enjoyable. Could not fault it. Aircraft information card was fool of dried food  obviously not cleaned for ages. Will never want to be on this aircraft again if I had a choice.
  Glasgow to Heraklion. Their airline service is normal as other airlines, they render rather standardized service. During our flight to Heraklion our stroller had been damaged, when I had filed a complaint the initial response was rather quick, but after I had delivered all of the proofs, jet2.com became silent for about 3 months, even though they would suppose to answer within a maximum of 21 days. After 3 months elapsed I had reminded them about the claim  their customer service executive deigned to reply with rather dissatisfying apologetic tone as he verbally apologized only for the delay in response, not even for the damage inflicted, saying that the wrecking was minor, and they would not reimburse. He had ended his message in a way, that we would be still welcome on board their aircraft as if we were the ones who made some sort of a misdeed to them. Briefly recapping  I will rather try to avoid them in the future.
 Check in at San Andres airport was a breeze, on the other hand trying to figure out what gate it left on was another story. Boarding was done fast. Service onboard was nonexistent due to the pandemic and restrictions by the Colombian Aviation Officials. For a quick 1hr 45 minute flight to Bogota it was okay. Arrival in Bogota was on time. LATAM play was available on your own device so it made the flight go a bit faster and there was a good selection of movies and shows.
LCYBRU. I go to Brussels regularly on Eurostar but on this occasion tried VLM. The service was excellent given the very short flight. It was far cheaper than Eurostar and was also quicker even taking into account the time needed to get to the airport. The only problem with VLM is the frequency  56 flights per day is not enough to compete with the train and the timings are not great for a business day trip from London. If they had an equivalent frequency to Eurostar I would always use them.
  Seat is not comfortable and you can not sleep straight, you have bend your legs to get into a sleeping position, uncomfortable and not enough leg room for somebody a little taller. Food service and quality way below average, I paid 155.000 miles for this trip, it was the first time I used United for an international flight but not worth it. I still prefer Asian or some European airlines over United Airlines.
Papeete to Los Angeles. We really enjoyed flying with Air Tahiti Nui. The staff is very nice and helpful. The seats are colorfull, the screens are good quality with recent movies. Everything is free onboard. We really recommend this airline.
  Kota Kinabalu to Kuala Lumpur. This is the worse airline Ive experienced. I wanted to changecancel my flight, called the service centre but it seems she was no help. She made matter more confusing and she gave me the wrong info. But to make matter worse, i got my luggage damage, try to file a complain, but they said i got no insurance so nothing cant be done. I understand that part, but i had to travel far back and forth to the lost and found department, holding my heavy luggage, without any offer to help me carry them. 
  Pathetic service. I have booked 9pm flight from Nagpur to Pune. They have rescheduled the flight at 1030 pm. It means I will land in Pune around 12 pm. As an alone woman I dont feel safe to travel further in Pune because I have to go to Talegaon. The airline is not providing me any solution. They should provide a full refund in such cases.
 Blue Air cancelled my flight, and even though I have submitted a refund request on their site they are simply ignoring my messages. This is literally stealing and they know it! Will never ever use Blue Air, nor should anyone else!
  Bangkok to Surat Thani. This is a terrible airline. The AC didnt work for the first 30 minutes or last 20 minutes only worked for 30 minutes of the flight. The temperature in Bangkok was 86 degrees Fahrenheit, so being stuck inside a packed plane with no moving air made it extremely hot, humid and stuffy. Passengers were using magazines to fan themselves and myself was dripping in sweat. It is ridiculous that a airline can think this is okay for customers. They clearly dont care about their customers. There was also gum stuck to the handle. So gross to think they dont even clean their planes either. Absolutely terrible airline. Avoid this airline if possible.
 Tokyo Haneda to Kuala Lumpur with AirAsia X. Flight departed and landed on time. Did not prebook a seat and was allocated a middle seat, which was not comfortable to say the least. Cabin crew were a little slow in starting meal service and hence I had to wait some time before I could purchase a drink. Was an overnight flight so largely napped for most of the time.
  Amsterdam to Delhi. Bad boarding management ever. Single very long and very slow queue formed, yet people constantly allowed out of queue. No announcement for seating zones. Bus to aircraft over packed, and awaited green signal for departure to aircraft for at least 10mins after being filled up, although it was neither first nor last bus leaving. Old aircraft. Poor infotainment system with poor audio. So many people asked for feedback form on boarding that the crew requested people on PA system to visit company website to give feedback. One of my worst boarding experiences ever.
  My wifes flight was delayed due to crew not showing up on time in addition to many other reasons. She landed late in Seattle and missed connecting flight. Was told by connecting Airline to either get another connecting flight or get a voucher for Hotel through Condor help desk. The girl sitting there at the Condor booth was playing on her phone, when my wife asked to help with getting hotel voucher or moving the flight earlier, and her response was sorry I cannot help you, my supervisor will be here to help you in 30 mins. 30 Mins came and other girls were there also there playing on their phones. My wife came up to ask 2 or 3 other female employees who came to the Condor HELP Booth to work on the voucher so that she can get to the hotel with the infant as they have not slept for over 20 hours. All their response was, we cannot do anything, and our supervisor is busy. After over 1 hour, my wife confronted these employees and and pressed on them to call their supervisor. After over 1 hour, supervisor came down and did apologize. I expect an apology and a voucher. 
  Booked our ticket in September 2021. Unfortunately, another leg of the trip was cancelled by Lufthansa who refunded us in less than 24 hours, which means that I had to cancel my AM flight. No worries though, I made sure that the booking was fully refundable before committing. Applied for a refund on the 3rd of November, 2021 and was told that I should have my money back within 60 working days. Fast forward to the 18th of June, 2022  I have been refunded half of the original amount paid, with AM quipping that taxes are not refundable, none of this was mentioned when booking and cancelling the flight.
  New York to Tel Aviv via Baku. A very pleasant experience. I originally selected Azerbaijan Airlines for its low price alone. I was not expecting a great experience and that was OK for the money saved. However, the flight was very pleasant overall. There were no delays, the planes were clean and well kept, the food was good and the air crews were friendly. Heydar Aliyev airport in Baku is beautiful. Clean and looks new. If you are willing to put up with a longer overall flight to Tel Aviv from NYC in exchange for a lower fare, Azerbaijan Airlines is a very good choice. The only downsides are no inflight wifi and the entertainment selection could be more current. On the plus side, the 787 that they fly for the long haul to Baku does have individual USB ports to keep a phone charged so you could download a movie you want beforehand and watch it without your phone dying. The B757 that you transfer to to go from Baku to Tel Aviv is pretty basic but they do feed you and that leg of the trip is short.
BLACCS. Avior are basic but no worse than many European budget airlines. Seats are small but the flight from Barcelona to Caracas is only 3040 minutes so not much time to feel uncomfortable and there is a free drinks service even on this short flight. Theres no real reason not to fly Avior. However the checkin luggage maximum is only 20 kgs so if carrying a heavy suitcase you may prefer flying Conviasa 30 kgs which is usually a little more expensive but allows more luggage and is usually somewhat more comfortable too.
ICN to SZX  worst flight experience I have ever endured. The one piece of good review I can give is that the flight landed at the intended destination. Messy cramped disorganized  and that is just a description of the boarding process. I know its a cultural thing but the sense of personal space is nil  no way to relax on the flight. Got stuck in economy though I booked biz class. Offered to pay to reupgrade and was told I could pay cash to cabin crew  $500!
  First time with Thomson and was very impressed with the speed and efficiency of check in both in Bristol and Naples despite long queues. Knew that food had to be bought so took sandwiches. Expected leg room to be tight but not bad. The main problem was that my husband was on the aisle seat of three, the other two seats being occupied by two enormous ladies. Yes, the extension belt fitted and the armrest was down but the flab came over and under so he really only had part of a seat. Not pleasant. Doesnt seem fair that very obese people have the same luggage allowance but anyone slimmer who is slightly over has to pay an excess. This problem can only get worse when travelling this way. Not the fault of Thomson whose flight left on time both on the outward and return journey.
  I wouldnt recommend the airline at all. We experienced a delay of more than 6 hours without notification and without giving regular updates. Also the airline lack basic service that you would normally find even in the low cost companies. We have booked through SATA because it has a monopoly for now of direct flight from Paris to Azores.
A word of advice  do not under any circumstances fly with Phuket Air! If you are due to fly with this company to London Gatwick in the next few days I would strongly advise trying to change airline companies. We just landed after a hysterical journey from hell  which began in Bangkok on Saturday night and ended in London via Sharjah and Amsterdam on Monday afternoon.
 Jakarta to Pangkalpinang with Sriwijaya Air. Great service for low cost carrier. 30 minutes before flying we are already asked to boarding and push back on time, but due the traffic in Jakarta we are delayed 10 minute for landing Cabin staff very friendly, warm smile and helpful. They help passengger to find their seats, and help to put on the hand baggage to the compartment, its very effective to manage the crowded when the passenger get on board. The snack on board fair enough for less than 60 minutes flying sweet bun and cup of mineral water. The entertainment on board is only a magazine and newspaper for free. The services was more than I expected. The cabin clean enough, and for the leg room is better than Lion air  Air Asia. The inflight shopping cost is reasonably priced. Cheap, great, touching and humble airline.
  I had booked my air ticket with Malindo Air and my journey date was 03 May 2020. The flight was cancelled from Malindo side stating the reason for covid. it has been more than 112 years now and when contacted to Malindo air in October 2021, they replied to my email that the Malindo flights are not operational from Kuala Lumpur to any part of India. Is this legal to hold our money and be in mercy of Malindo. There are bubble flights operational with other flights Air Asia etc and I need to travel urgently to India. I have asked for refund via email communication but the email reply  process from Malindo side is very slow. 
LAXCDG and CDGLAX several times in past 3 years. I appreciate the little flower they give when entering the plane. On the latest trip staff walk through the cabin several times through the flight but the call light was ignored or they were too busy with helping someone else. I never did like plane food so this one was no different. Person sitting in front of me had their seats reclined right back so it was hard to place my food on the tray. The steward serving food saw and told him to put his seat up.
  Yesterday I travelled in SpiceJet flight sg8391 from Patna to Delhi with Infant. Two days before boarding the flight I contacted SpiceJet customer care to ask about luggage. Allowed weight for infant because it was not mentioned in the ticket. SpiceJet is basically playing with their terms and conditions and incorrectly charging the customer. I was told to go to the link httpscorporate.spicejet.comtnc.aspx point number 14 where it says that passenger travelling with infant are allowed to query 7 kg extra but the lady on the boarding counter clearly that the terms and condition of SpiceJet has been updated and their customer care is not aware about it. The terms and condition now is that mother travelling alone will be allowed 7 kg extra. It seems but they are making their own policy standing on the counter and she told me if I dont pay this amount she will put my luggage back outside the counter. I was forced to pay extra for 3 kg although I was in weight limits what was told to me by customer care of SpiceJet and whatever it was told to me on the board accountable was completely incorrect and not mentioned anywhere in the terms and condition of SpiceJet. It seems that the employees of SpiceJet just play with the customers by making their own terms and conditions on basis of their assumptions. The manager of of boarding counter was very rude she was not even interested to speak to us. They clearly said that if I am paying money extra for just take the luggage away from here. 
  This was a terrible experience. Flight delays with no explanation. Then they took my bag off the plane at the stop when we didnt even get off the plane. I was told via text it was an accident and they do not provide and assistance except refunding my checked bag fee. They would not forward my bag earlier instead theyre waiting for the next flight which is not until Friday. So there is no way of knowing if Ill ever get my stuff. Worst customer service experience ever. They literally dont even have a person you can talk to and the text service is clearly not going to resolve anything. 
I fly with a majority of Iranian carriers such as Mahan Air Kish Air and Asseman. Out of them Iran Air still has her prestige in being the countries national carrier. The food onboard is terrific but unfortunately all it lacks is customer service. I dont blame Iran Air for her old fleet as this is due to the sanction by America. My flight from Dubai to Tehran A310 was one to remember as I had been onboard the same aircraft a year before but with a different livery former Emirates.
  I was on flight G9291 Sharja to Tbilisi flight on 1642023. I found that cabin staff Alexandra was positive and very well mannered. She was managing everything perfectly and it was a great pleasure to watch her go about her work.
  Amsterdam to Heraklion. Corendon is the typical, small budget tourist carrier that you fly because of lack of alternatives. From the moment you board, a friendly but small staff tries to shove everything through your throat for money. From a glass of water to a bargain offer of an unknown jewellery brand. If you feel the urge to buy something from the inflight magazine make sure you have checked Aliexpress or Wish first unless you are hungry or thirsty. Also, if you are a believer of info that comes from the flightdeck, make sure you doublecheck.  And chances are you will be delayed. Up to about 2 hours and 55 minutes because after 3 hours they have to pay you on certain routes. If you depart on time, congrats and chances are you will arrive way earlier than scheduled, its like they have managed to squeeze more minutes into an hour. 
  We caught a flight from Panama to Mexico with Copa Airlines, and the woman at the counter assured us the bag would fly straight to Leon and the bag tag she gave us showed the bags were booked all the way to Leon. However when we got to Leon guess what no bags, so we thought its ok they will send the bag on the next flight. Since the bags did not arrive on the next flight we then contacted the connecting flight airline which was Aeromexico, they were quick to assist and track down that the bag never got on to their plane in Mexico, the system still showed that Copa Airlines still have the bag in their possession. We phone the Copa customer service and what a waste of time, you spend 20 min before they answer the phone then you give them all the bag tag and flight numbers only for them to tell you that the provided numbers that they issued you with, are not working on their system. Copa customer services then tell you to fill in an online form for them to search for the bag? Why could that form not be filled by the customer services agent while he was on the phone and already had all the details? Guess what, all that for nothing! Bag still not found  Pathetic service Copa Airlines.
  A scheduling disaster. Five flights booked, all five were rescheduled. Not only that, but the rescheduling included connections that didnt make sense anymore first leg landing after the second leg departs, and with no further options during that day. First, they changed the first flight of five, and only offered to rebook that one for free even though it affected the following 4 so I had to pay for the change of the following four flights myself. Then, as the dates approached they changed multiple times the remaining four flights, up to the point that my last flight is to a completely different city. I will avoid this airline at all costs whenever I have a choice. An embarrassment and a scam.
Very disappointed7 with icelandairs baggage handling and resolution. The initial flight was ok but I paid $76 for an extra bag upon returning to the USA. The bag didnt even get loaded on the aircraft. up in finding this out in Seattle I was promised that the bag would be with me the next day via courier since I live 2 hrs from the airport. It was not delivered and it is now day 3 and the bag has only just arrived in Seattle and is sat there I have a tracker in it and they consider the case closed. Very very poor follow up and I will be pursuing this to the fullest extent the regulations allow if they expect me to come and get the bag from them.
JERGVAJER. Booked online  easy and reassuring. Slight problem in that unable to check in online due to technical issues. Lounge flight service all fine  long way home due to scheduled stop over in Zurich. Complimentary drinks and snacks and boiled sweets a nice touch. Living on Jersey our choice of airlines and routes is limited. We are all fed up with Flybe and so it is great to have another professional airline to choose from.
  Gatwick to Kigali return, with a stop in Brussels each way during which you stay on the plane. I was astonished at how good this airline was given prior experiences of African airlines, it is as good as the better European airlines. The planes seem to be pretty new ours was a 2 year old Airbus A330. The seats were comfortable with plenty of leg room even in economy. The food was  pleasant which is always a surprise on any airline in economy. The cabin crew were very friendly and professional. The return flight was on time and whilst there was a short hour delay outbound this was due to the ongoing air traffic control shambles in Europe this summer, not the airline. The only hiccup was a lost bag on the way back but this was resolved efficiently by the airline despite a complex onward itinerary  and the Gatwick luggage desk said it was extremely rare to have lost bag on this airline suggesting it is not a systemic issue. A final point, although we were not connecting in Kigali, many passengers were. They appear to hold onward flights in the event of delays so as a connecting option for various African destinations this airline could be a good option.
 Extremely wonderful. Definitely worth flying with again. Wonderful and attentive crew members. Cheerful and always with a ready to help attitude. Keep up the good work.
  Dalaman to Luton. This has to be the most uncomfortable trip I have ever made, legroom was a huge issue as there wasnt any. This flight was operated by Avion Express although the Thomas Cook livery was everywhere. The flight attendants seemed to be having a bad day with one in particular very snappy and barking orders at passengers and then shaking her head and making comments about them just loud enough to be heard. The food was typical of any airline and had to be prepaid. I havent used Thomas Cook in a number of years and now I remember why.
FRATLLFRA. Meal was really poor and they did not offer a choice. Cabin staff service also very poor.
 Buenos Aires to New York. My first and last international flight with this airline. Literally nothing about our experience approached business class standards for a fullservice airline inattentive and rude flight attendants who were absent for most of the 11hour trip and routinely ignored call buttons no preflight drinks or even water or hand towels I had to ask for an amenity kit as the crew forgot to hand them out they banned the use of the front lavatory claiming it was company policy and did not clean the two others very often. The onboard entertainment was nonexistent and no one was watching any of the few movies offered. It gets even worse the meal service was the worst Ive ever had in business or first class on any airline. It came not on a plate but in an aluminium foilwrapped tin container and was inedible. Our flight departed at 1130 pm and they started meal service two hours later, which is unacceptable for passengers who want to eat and go to sleep. Im a Diamond Medallion with Delta, so at least I got the miles, but Skyteam needs to seriously rethink having this airline as part of its alliance.
 Madrid to Santa Cruz de La Palma with Iberia Express. Too small space for legs if you are over 180 cm, quite unpleasant and unfriendly staff like most Iberia staff with very limited knowledge of English.
  Tel Aviv airport was a nightmare as you need to pass through strict security in order to approach the checkin counters and there is no fast track facility at this point for business class passengers. The staff were very nice and I got checked in very quickly. The lounge is a shared one and the lesser said the better as it was just an awful dump. The flight was not one of the ones that I would ever like to repeat again. The crew were grumpy and definitely unhappy in doing their job. The seat is supposed to be a flatbed but it literally squeezes your legs in a cubby hole space and you are trapped. The hot meal of mushroom risotto was a joke compared to the description on the menu and you need to search for the mushrooms. Toilets are appalling and you can barely squeeze yourself inside. An experience that I really would never like to repeat again with this awful airline.
  I purchased 4 flights for my family three months before our holiday. Norwegian changed two of the flight times and instead of offering a refund are charging a premium to adjust my tickets to an alternate flight. I have had to rebook 10 tickets and pay twice now for each of the flights as Norwegian dont take responsibility for changing flight times if its 60 mins or less. I dont understand why they need to be adjusting flight times 3 months out and I dont understand why they cant refund my tickets 3 months out. 
  Toronto to Montreal. I have a hearing disability and after a miscommunication and missed flight which happens often for me, no fault of anyones the extent that the staff went to after understanding my hearing disability was incredible. An agent collected me from the restaurant and brought me to the boarding gate, was personable and relatable, most importantly authentic. I truly felt appreciated. Even as I was sat in my seat I was offered water, Jessica and Bianca I believe treated me like I mattered and I have never found that elsewhere. Im so grateful to get home later than I hoped but have this experience in exchange. Customer service that other airlines simply dont have. 
  No preflight selections of seats. All seats have to be assigned upon checkin at airport counter in Macau and in Bangkok. This procedure takes forever and so time consuming. Flight experience on the return trip, BangkokMacau was horrific. The flight was scheduled for 950 pm but was delayed for at least an hour. Was warned that this airline ontime performance is terrrible and it sure is. In addition, cabin temp was too hot making it impossible to breathe. Never again will I fly with this airline. A full fare airline that is performing worse than a budget airline. AirAsia far better. 
 After a mix up with the transfer bus from our hotel, my bag, containing our passports, boarding passes, euros, etc, was left on the bus when we had to disembark and get the next bus to the airport on our return journey. As soon as I realised I rang the emergency line and the last person I spoke to was very helpful and reassuring. Before we had even reached the airport I received a call to say that they had located my bag and it would be waiting for me at the airport. The staff member came onto our coach, told the rest of the passengers their check in desks and then asked for me. She took us into the airport to collect my bag, asked to confirm how the mix up happened so that the problem could be dealt with, gave me a very grateful hug I needed one and then saw us off through check in. I have to say that all of the Jet2 staff we had contact with during our short break could not have been more helpful or welcoming. 
  Manila to Taipei. It was our first time flying AirAsia. The flight turned out well, the ride was safe. We experienced some turbulence because of the bad weather, but overall it was a good experience. The seats were a little tight, not enough leg room. If youre looking for an aircraft for short distances, try Air Asia. We also flew with AirAsia going back from Taiwan to Manila. The flight was better, and the plane and boarding were on time.
We flew Southampton to Jersey and return where Blue Island use 19 seat aircraft. Both flights has less than ten passengers and were on time even early. Avoid row one unless you want an excellent view of what the pilots are doing as the view outside is restricted as no windows forward of this row. The best view was from row six and with such small aircraft the views are excellent. As with all small aircraft the noise level is higher than for a large aircraft but for such a short flight it does not matter. The private lounge at Jersey was a nice way to end a short holiday. We will certainly be flying Blue Island again.
Manchester to Punta Cana with Thomson Airways. We had a good outbound flight and the return was overall very good. A couple of minor irritations, no seat back film guide and a curt response when asked where they were on the screen  would not have been a problem except that we had one on the way to the Dominican Republic? Seat pocket had not been emptied, I was treated to the magazines of the previous occupant had they been to my taste, I would say some issues with the cleaning at the Punta Cana end. The seats are average and not great if you are a small person. Service was good, drinks then meals but the food was mediocre and the breakfast terrible, no different to other charter flights, I have come to expect nothing better. Despite paying a fair amount for Premium, its hard to see what you get apart from more leg room and first ontooff the aircraft. The food and drinks are the same and you still get cheap plastic glasses for your drinks. TV screens are good definition but the film choice is limited and no recent releases. First time on a Boeing 787 and apart from it being slightly quieter, I could not tell any difference from any other plane. I would have no problems flying Thomson again but the hype around the Boeing 787 does not transfer to the experience in my opinion.
  Mumbai to Lucknow on 8 Feb. I was gobsmacked with the way I saw Go Air staff talk to people in general. First, there was no announcement or guidance for business class passengers. Then there was no clarity as there were two very long queues. Suddenly the two staff members started shouting. When I clarified the issue, they understood the problem. Then they started talking to a girl in a way that I am shocked how Go Air management allows this behaviour. Shocking! Something tells me you can buy a good seat but how can you buy quality service or basic professional behavior. 
A very professional outfit. Kept fully informed when flight from Gatwick diverted to Grenoble as a result of security alert at Chambery. Both flights with Titan Airways smooth and uneventful with excellent landings. A welcome change to have pleasant and obliging service from cabin crew and informative announcements from the flight deck.
DurbanPort Elizabeth and Port ElizabethCape town. Check in was quick. Both flights on time. Crew on both flights were professional but unfriendly.
  I booked a trip to Europe with Alitalia through my credit card for May 2020 before COVID19 was an issue. I bought travel insurance in case I had to cancel the trip for any reason. Once COVID19 started escalating, I had to cancel my trip. I am an essential worker and couldnt leave the US or else I wouldnt be allowed back on some job sites. The credit card company told me the only way to get a refund is by talking directly to the airline, but I havent been able to get anywhere with Alitalia. What is the point of buying travelers insurance if not for instances like this? They are not allowing me to rebook the trip and are also refusing to give me a refund, so they basically ate my money. I am very dissatisfied with the customer service at Alitalia and will never recommend them to anyone who is planning a trip to Europe.  This is a helpless situation, and they are taking full advantage of it. Even one star is too much to give to them.
LPQBKK economy. Modern aircraft but beware be early on the morningflight to BKK. We left half an hour early! They told us to be there two hours before the flight and they were right! Complementary meal on the flight is somewhat funny  not sure if it was made of real stuff. Flight attendant was beautifully dressed.
  Saint Petersburg to Minsk. So first hosts was good, no problem about them. But in airport Belavia employees was really rude. Same week I had 2 more flights with Delta and Air France and did not have any problem like this. I will never flight with Belavia anymore.
  Worst check in and boarding process ever. I have flown multiple airlines multiple times, have never seen anything as ridiculous as this. Checkin at LAX Many rude attendants and supervisors, good for nothing. They are not at all helpful and in fact make the process more cumbersome and time consuming. I was going in the right line but they asked me to use the self checkin kiosk which I didnt want to but they still just wouldnt oblige. The kiosk wouldnt scan my passport for whatever reason. Asked an agent to help. He made a face like I asked him to move a mountain. Without even trying he asked me to go back to agent assist which was the original line I wanted to join. Now, that line was huge and it took over 30 minutes for my turn. The Asian guy at the checkin counter was the only positive thing about this process. He was smiling and doing his job with the right attitude. I was not assigned a seat because it was a last minute emergency booking. I stood in the line at the boarding area to get one assigned only to be asked to come back later. 20 minutes later, back in the huge line. Half way through, boarding starts and guess what.. the same employee is responsible to help with that too. No one knew which line to join, what group what not.  Nothing against the employee at the boarding area, but the process in general was the issue. After almost everyone boarded I was finally assigned a seat and allowed to board. 
  Krabi to Bangkok. This now is about my 10th flight with Bangkok airways. I have to say every flight so far has been excellent. The flight attendants have always been very friendly and professional. We always get a meal which is good quality even on the shorter flights. The flights have all left on time or within 5 minutes. My bags have always arrived with me. Every time we are in the region this is my go to airline.
  Took 2 flights which have left me in no doubt that I will never fly this airline again. Our first was Pereira to Santa Marta. At checkin my wifes regulation cabin bag was deemed too large by 5 cms  would cost in excess of £20 to place in the hold. This bag has met the requirements of every other airline we have flown with and that is many. The assistant was at least ready to offer an option  transfer all the contents  the bag into our hold baggage as they were underweight. This we did, not without some inconvenience  embarrassment as our belongings spread across a very crowded  restricted checkin floor. The second flight was from Cartagena to Bogota. This time prewarned about baggage we fell foul of another Viva rule. Travelling around Colombia it had not been possible to print our boarding passes, the penalty  £18 to have the checkin desk print them for us, totally unsympathetic to our situation. So be warned if flying with Viva Air, which we will certainly not be doing again.
  The flight from Sarajevo to Zrich, over Belgrade 20.08.2022 was cancelled while we were in the taxi driving to the airport. There is no Air Serbia support on the airport. Airport Sarajevo stuff sent us to the hotel and we got phone number of Air Serbia support for Bosnia to deal with the new tickets. But it is impossible to get anyone on that phone number. We spent all mobile phone credit by waiting on the line. An hour later we just got a new tickets for 2 days later, without a chance to comment. No other option is offered. Meanwhile hotel is booked by the airport for only one night. We wrote to all publicly given addresses trying to reach out to someone in Air Serbia. All without success. So, basically, they are canceling the flight without telling the reason, sending new ticket without asking whether those 2 days make a difference in your life, without ensuring accomodation over a whole forced stay.  Also flight to Sarajevo didnt go without troubles. Connecting flight was 4 hours delayed. Nobody explained why or apologized. We went to the service desk at the airport where we got sandwiches and bottle of water as compensation. When we finally got to the plane, my seat as well as seats of several people around were broken. I had to hold recliner by hand. 
  This was hopefully my last and first time flying with this airline. I have never, ever, flown internationally with a company that offers NO free beverages, no food, even on an overnight flight of over 6 hours. If you want water, you pay. If you want to eat, there are almost no options, and guess what, you pay. That is normal on domestic flights but on international flights, unheard of. No entertainment on a 6 hour flight from Bogota to Sao Paulo. I had premium seats on one leg, selected months ago, and with an email confirmation from them. When I show up at checkin, they say there are no seats available on that class. I showed them my email confirmation, and all the lady could say is we are in Brazil, we have no customer service here, you have to take it up with Avianca when you get home. All in all  do not fly them, unless it is absolutely the last option. Plus, it wasnt cheap either.
  Rome to Paris. While waiting at the gate, an employee of Alitalia placed a tag on my wifes carryon bag and said that we would have to check our carryons because the flight was full. He did not question whether our carryons conform to size and weight regulations, which they did. My wife and I objected explaining that since we had to make a connecting flight, there would not be time to wait for our bags to be unloaded. The agent then was confrontational and stated we have to check them in. He then made a misleading statements The baggage claim in Paris is very near the gate and you will not have to wait for your bags Your connecting flight is just next door to Alitalia. You will have plenty of time. In fact our US flight was from Terminal 1 and we landed in Terminal 2, a good 15 minutes away. When on board we were immediately notified of a 50 minute delay of our departure. The result of this fiasco Because we had to wait another 40 minutes to claim our luggage that the agent had checked against our stated wishes, we missed our flight. 
  On 8 September I flew to Windhoek. I departed Johannesburg on SW722 at 06h40 and was due to return on SW729 at 1735 the same day. The tickets cost me ZAR 4,854.94 in total. My meeting was very short, so I decided to return to Johannesburg earlier. I went online and changed the time of my flight to 14h55. At this time, there was no option to change anything other than the time since the website showed that all economy seats were sold out and that there were only two Business Class seats free. It cost me ZAR 1,230.95 to change the ticket. When I arrived at the airport, I went to collect my ticket and received my boarding pass without incident. My seat was now 11A. I got to the aircraft and found that I was now directed to an Economy Class Seat. I queried this with the cabin staff and they told me that I chose to pay R 1,230.95 and to convert my seat to economy. I asked how this was possible  they were unable to answer. They even checked my printed ticket that I still had with me and agreed that I had initially booked a Business Class ticket. I then also noticed that there were in fact about 8 open Business Class seats and about 20 open Economy Class seats! In the end, they crew was so adamant not to allow me the benefit of sitting in those special seats that they delayed the flight by over 20 minutes and made everyone wait. I made it clear several times that I will not delay other passengers over this and suggested that I be refunded and that I have my later Business Class ticket returned. The staff eventually asked me if I was offloading myself and told me that  if I get off, they could not guarantee that I would have the seat I paid for, on the later flight! In the end I was forced to sit in Seat 11A and told that I could fly home and that I could contact Air Namibia for a refund later. 
Kuwait  Beirut return with my family. Brand new aeroplanes with leather seats. Excellent service with comprehensive menu where you can order food drinks and snacks cold food only. No alcohol airline. As a low cost carrier you pay for the food but the prices are reasonable. Return fare only KWD82 compared to KWD165 on MEA both including taxes. No discount for children. Excellent ontime performance and no luggage problems. Highly recommended as a value for money carrier.
  Our trip was Calgary Vancouver  Taipei Philippines. I have only good things to say about this airline. I paid for a premium economy seats to provide more comfort to my toddler and it sure did not disappoint. My daughter was very comfortable playing on the floor during the reminder of our time flying to Taipei. No complains on the food as well. My daughter was provided with an adult sized meal when I told Them that she can solid food. The flight attendees were very polite and helpful especially for me who is flying alone with a one year old. I got a lot of extra hands whenever needed. It was a long haul flight but the flight attendants see to it that clean washrooms would still be available to the passengers. I would also like to commend the China airlines crew in Manila, they were all giving exemplary service, they made sure that the passengers understood the process of boarding and transferring airlines
  SilkAir is a sister airline of Singapore Airlines but the similar quality of service is missing. The flight from Singapore to Kolkata was delayed and so was arrival at the destination though the weather was good so some makeup was possible. Very smooth flight but seats are a bit cramped. Food served dinner was good though a limited choice. The crew were very friendly and kept attending to every passenger. Toilets were clean and had the basic amenities. However I would prefer the actual SQ airline service over the Silk Air, makes one feel a bit cheated if you have booked the entire flight on SQ.
  Our flight from Baku to NurSultan was supposed to depart at 11.50pm on 23 June 2019. However, due to mechanical problems, the flight got cancelled and we were rebooked on the flight at 11.50pm on 24 June 2019. Therefore, we were delayed to depart Baku for 24 full hours. The Air Astana ground staff in Baku Airport made absolutely no formal announcement in English about the process. So we did not know what to do and what to expect. Many passengers just formed a circle around the ground staff and it was a total chaos. The whole process took almost 5 hours from flight cancellation until we got our bags and left the airport. All passengers were very exhausted and we were not provided any food or drink during that time. We were provided food or drink for the first time around 6 hours after flight cancellation. It seems to me that Air Astana could not professionally handle flight delaycancellation situations. I also requested Air Astana to provide us delay compensation according to the Air Astana Rules on Long Delay Cancellation and Denied Boarding policies on 28 June 2019. I have not heard from Air Astana since then.
  Appalling treatment and only made worse by their Customer Care Dept. I had booked and paid for 2 business class tickets in Dec 22 using points plus pay. Boarding passes for myself and my sister were issued at luggage checkin. Upon arrival to business class lounge we were called up and told that only one of us could fly business, I requested to speak to a supervisor. The agent me several reasons, all unsatisfactory but apologised and assured me that the points and funds difference would be credited to my account. She further said by way of compensation she would offer me a $500 credit for the inconvenience. I enquired if this was to be cash, she said no it was a credit to be used towards flights only. She also subsequently met me at the gate before boarding and reiterated same. I was so distressed and affected by this bad start to my special Christmas gift for my sister holiday, that I ended up having to go to the hospital in Singapore. and I was very ill for the first 2 days of our 10 day trip All of which can be evidenced. I am not seeking compensation for this aspect but it should be known so that you have a complete picture of what occurred and the knock on effect. Since our return Qantas have shunted me from one department to another. First Customer Service who apparently have no phone number, then Reservations Dept, then Frequent Flyer loyalty program. Each department tells me it is not under their purvue and that I need evidence of what the agent offered. I was told to go to the airport a 4 hour round trip for me and to try to locate Karen at the airport. I explained that I would not be able to get to the business class lounge without a ticket and clearing customs  that Karen may not be working that day and that there may be many agents who work for Qantas. I was told I should have taken a reference number for the offer made by the agent. Well I did not realise I needed to make a recording or get an affidavit from her on the day as I took her at face value, assumed and still do believe that she made this offer in good faith and with full authority to do so. I am now told after wasting days weeks on this that the complaint has been closed. I was not advised of this via email and no explanation given, they just decided to close it. Astonishing! Now when I make an enquiry I keep getting replies stating the reference number does not exist, presumably because they unilaterally decided to close it. Qantas needs to honour their promise and obligation. ie 1. The correct amount of Frequent flyer loyalty points to be returned to my account some points have been reinstated and then removed and I am querying the actual amount is correct. 2. For the compensation amount of $500 for use towards flights to be added to my account as promised.
Really impressed with the service. Planes are really small but its a full service and the attendants are lovely. Edinburgh to Copenhagen and back. Flights were on time and smooth. No inflight entertainment. No issue though as its less than 2 hours. Website does says online check in which isnt true so it is old fashioned counter check in. They are sorting that though.
  Wish I had checked reviews here first. I also had a very bad experience with this airline. 6 hours before my flight was scheduled to depart at 6pm, Sun Country sent a text message informing me that my flight had changed until the following day. How does Sun Country expect customers to manage this? Other airlines that I have flown with have always at least offered a hotelmeal voucher as well as a generous flight voucher to compensate at least a little for the added expenses and time wasted. I calculated the loss of a days work, additional day of hotelmealrental carpet boardingairport car parking expenses to be $751. After waiting for 3 hours to talk to a customer service rep, a $100 flight voucher to be used within a year was offered. How does $100 back to Sun Country and the additional revenue they gain from me purchasing a future flight with them help with the $751 dollars of additional expenses that I now have? Never plan to fly on Sun Country again. Strongly discourage others from trying to save money with this airline. Spend a more upfront and fly Delta or a reliable customerfocused airline instead.
  Honolulu to Bangkok via Seoul, this flight was most uncomfortable. The planes was very dated with just a little TV screen mounted on the seat. There was no leg room with small seats. The only decent flight was return from Bangkok to Inchon which was a newer plane lots of leg room large TV screen but limited movies. But the long flight to Honolulu was back to small seats.
 Flights were delayed on each way of our trip, lost about 6 hours total. On the way back Qantas delayed our flight and gave us vouchers for fooddrink. When we went to use these the restaurant did not accept these and said it was an ongoing issue with Qantas. We were right next to the Qantas concierge and we complained and they advised could not resolve and we had to contact Qantas customer care to complain. We are now down $45 USD for fooddrinks that we would not have purchased. None of this would have been necessary if the flight was on time  never again!!
Ground staff in LGK did not provide updates for a 40 minute delay on a 65 minute flight. When they started boarding more than 200 people stoodup for a 68seat aircraft. two flights were posted to the same gate. It was disorganized and no apology offered for the delay! Onboard the flight was great. Attentive FAs. Two types of juice snacks offered. SBZ is a great airport  in a taxi in less than 2 minutes after deplaning!
 Beijing to Taipei. By far EVA Air is the worst airline for ontime arrival and departure. I will never fly this airline again. Terrible isnt even a start. I have never been on a flight that departed on time with this airline. Today, again we are 1.5 hours late while my colleagues are waiting on me for a very important meeting with customers. Hands down the worst.
  One of the worst airlines you can think of. I booked for my honeymoon to Maldives from Doha. But unfortunately due to covid situation of my wife I had to cancel it. I tried to call customer service, send email with medical certificate and also texted in social media to cancel my flight with full refund since it was unexpected situation. But no one replied or have answer my calls. I was bound to cancel it online with penalty of $220. And they have provided a voucher that is valid only for a year and also valid for the same passenger. Finally after a month I received an email saying that they cant provide refund in cash and they cant do anything else. What a Rubbish policy is this? 
Seats very cramped except for our original flight to Auckland where we had bulkhead seats food and food service satisfactory but we had an outstanding cabin service director. Excellent with passengers and very good at his job...best we have seen. Fight NZ 6 from Auckland to LAX on June 5, 2023.
JeddahKuwait A320 economy. Flight on time check in very fast and easy. Boarding by bus as usual in Jeddah. On board service was great for 2 hr flight. FA very nice. No IFE on this rout but airshow all times on screen. Arrival prior to schedule. Bags on track on arrival. Very nice experience.
 This was my worst long haul flight ever. I booked Condor with the belief it was still Lufthansa owned and Star Alliance member hence a quality European airline. The aircraft we encountered was an old phased out Etihad plane that Condor had leased. tacky decor and worst of all we had 12 hours flight with no entertainment system as the system was down. About 4 hours into our flight the electricity of the plane completely shut down leaving everyone scared about the state of health of the plane we were sitting in. Not very reassuring indeed and we were hoping the cockpit instruments at least were working fine. The food was mediocre, Penne Arabiata no choice for main course and beer or wine costed 7 EUR each. A worst budget airline long haul flight was the end result  Never again will I fly with this company.
Seats in economy are very comfortable with enough leg room. Unfortunately the staff are not well trained and rude. My airhostess required light was on for the almost entire 5 hour flight from JNB to Seychelles as I was trying to request a glass of water for my son eventually my husband went to the kitchen where they were standing and obtained a glass of water. When they served lunch they would serve 3 rows and then start clearing plates from the first row! That is how slow the service was!
  Wonderful regional airline from Luebeck! I had a chance to try this airline and the experience was quite comfortable. Boarding procedure is in order and each passenger must disinfect hands. The legspace is good and cabin is simple yet neat. The crew were happy to engage with passengers and the best part was that they serve a small meal on each flight! I really appreciate that and the meal was simple yet very tasty and filling. You can even book a veggie meal while booking flight. Beyond what LH can even offer on regional flights. While deboarding, they served caramel candies. This experience with Lbeck Air took me back to old school days which I miss terribly in aviation world. Keep up the standards and service because this will set you apart!
  Purchased a book of 10 flight vouchers for the Phoenix to Show Low route in December 2021. Boutique dropped this route in July 2022 and are dragging their feet on refunding my 7 unused vouchers. Have spoken with customer service twice in July and September and been told they would be refunded but as of October they have not.
 I had three flights in a week with this airline, all three were delayed. Minimum delay 30 mins, maximum 1.5 hrs. Very disappointing and I mistakenly considered as Turkish Airlines via my flights agent. Never taking this airline again.
Air Namibia Joburg to Windhoek return. Both were excellent flights on time and with service from very good cabin crew  including meals that we used to expect but now no longer receive from major airlines including BA and Iberia. No hesitation in thanking Air Namibia commending them for the flights or recommending them to others.
 Cancelled the flight at last moment and ruined my honeymoon trip. Beware of this type of airlines as now I try to book another flight but rate increased too much.
 Iberia is somewhere between average and budget airline. Seats were comfortable in economy. Entertainment was great with movies and games. There was plenty of overhead space for carry on luggage. I saw the crew come through the cabin twice, once for each meal. The airline cancelled seat assignments at some point, but did not refund my $120. I requested kid meals at check in but they did not provide them. 
  Newark to Paris. Our family has just endured a horror story at the hands of La Compagnie that I feel compelled to share with fellow travelers. We had a flight reservation from Newark to Paris scheduled for February 2nd. We booked it several months back, and applied a $600 ticket coupon we were given as a result of a 6 hour delayed flight on March 20th 2016. The tickets were $3200 total so less the $1200 voucher we paid $2000 for the tickets. One of our adult children suffers from mental illness. Regrettably she has taken a turn for the worse and on the advice of her doctors and therapists we had to delay our trip to France. I called La Compagnies customer service and explained the situation to a representative who was very understanding. She told me we could rebook our flight up to the day of the flight without any penalties. Accordingly I called last week to try and rebook for a later date several months from now when we felt it would be ok for us to go. I was told I was misinformed by the first agent, and that in fact there would be a $500 per ticket per flight booking penalty totaling $2000. The tickets were worth $1600 each including the vouchers, so our tickets were essentially worthless. Obviously I was shocked and confused. Luckily our credit card has cancellation insurance. I contacted them and was told that I needed to provide the flight cancellation email and a copy of La Compagnies flight cancellation policy in order to issue a refund for the $2000. I immediately called La Compagnie and told them I was cancelling the flight, and asked for this information. The customer service representative who I was working with said she would get me that information immediately. One week has passed, and despite calling pretty well every day, I still have not received what is a routine piece of information. Upon speaking with her, they know me by name now she said that they have no way to contact La Compagnie in France except by email, and that she has emailed the Cancellation Department several times per day and taken every step she could think of but no one would respond to her. Its now February 3rd, the flight was last night, they never cancelled our reservation and I now fear I will not be able have the claim fulfilled. Its infuriating. This is a company with 2 planes and they cant deal with my request? On the topic of the voucher, I asked if we could get and extension on the voucher due to what was happening. I offered to supply La Compagnie letters from our daughters doctors to confirm her diagnosis and current condition. Again, the customer service staff at La Compagnie were very understanding and compassionate and two of them I spoke with confided that they had family members that suffered from mental illness and that they would do their best to get an extension. In this case there was an immediate answer from France. No. No exceptions, no accommodations, the vouchers expire on March 20th. So here we are likely out of pocket for $3200. We have enough to deal with in our family and to be treated so callously and indifferently is simultaneously appalling, and frankly cruel. The Customer Service department has been wonderful and apologized to me repeatedly and said they are as frustrated as I am that no one will answer their requests. We obviously will never fly on La Compagnie again. As a former business owner I have never witnessed such incompetence and callousness.
  Riga to Valencia. This airline is a charter carrier operating out of Riga and Tallin. I have flown on them at least 8 times over the years. This flight, on their A320, was the most dissatisfying I have had. The arrival to Riga was delayed, and our return from Valencia arrived an hour late and we left 1.5 hours late. This is habitual for Smartlynx. 
We were booked to fly on LAN Airlines 4241 on 17 Dec from Mendoza to Buenos Aires. During check in, we were told that the flight would be delayed by an hour. In actual fact, the flight was cancelled. We only found out through fellow passengers after waiting for an hour at the boarding gate. There was no announcement during the time to inform us of the delay, perhaps there were but none was in English! It then took us hours to get the attention of any LAN ground staff member to explain what was happening and what our alternatives were. Guess not being a Spanish speaker did not help us you would have thought English speaker is a compulsory requisite for anyone working at an airline front desk? We finally managed to get someones attention in the end who arranged to put us on an alternative flight Aerolineas Argentinas almost 12 hours later the same day. It is worthy to note that as a result of the airline staff incompetency, we have missed two potential flights bound for Buenos Aires while waiting for a response. I have since raised a request via LAN website to provide a written notice to confirm the cancellation. Unsurprisingly I have not heard back from the airline. It took them over 10 days to acknowledge receipt of my request. It will apparently take them another 30 days to assign the case to someone. Last I checked it is pending assignment to executive and it has been over 20 days. It is shame that this national airline did not do its lovely country any justice. This unfortunate event aside, as first time visitors to the region we were very impressed and appreciative of the hospitality that the locals have provided us. We hope to visit again some day but would definitely avoid travelling on LAN.
 Booked RT from Boston to Stockholm via Iceland, 62 flying Economy Flex. Offered bid to upgrade from economy to Saga Business prior to departure. We bid. 2 days before departure, was told our bid was accepted on the flight from Iceland to Stockholm and we would fly SagaBusiness class. On day of departure we were told that the flight from Iceland to Stockholm would be on a replacement plane because they apparently ran out of their regular planes. Research indicated that the plane we were put on was run by a company in Sofia, Bulgaria. The plane was an AirbusA321. It was first put into service in 1994, almost 30 years ago. Were also told the replacement would have no WiFi, no USB ports, and no entertainment system for the 3 hour flight. When we boarded it it appeared to be older and not very up to date. After taking our seats in the front row we were offered one cellophane wrapped croissant each which turned out to be stale and soggy. On it were a slice of ham, a slice of cheese, and a wilted piece of lettuce. Ive had better food in economy. Then we were offered orange juice, apple juice or water, period. No refills were offered. During the entire 3 hour flight no one attended to us or provided any food, drinks, not even coffee. I was livid. Icelandair wasted no time, of course, charging our credit card for the $560 we bid. When I eventually complained we were offered 10,000 Saga points cash value $48USD. I refused, demanding a full refund. The final refund they agreed to give us was $74. Pathetic. We felt totally ripped off and we were.
  Kuala Lumpur to Tashkent. Worst airline ever with their rude flight attendants and ground staff. Its the only airline in Uzbekistan and no competition, thats why they act whatever they want. You cant complain to anyone because no one going to listen to you! I dont recommend at all. But food is good.
  From Paris to Helsinki, no food at all, feels like low cost. From Helsinki to Bangkok and then Singapore to Helsinki, flights very long 13 hours because we cannot fly over Russia  no pre snack  on the main meal no choice and no dessert, only a small omelette. Left hungry. IFEAVOD limited. Very distant flight attendants on 3 out of my 4 flights. Chose them because of the price, indeed its cheaper but feels a lot like low cost.
  I had a ticket to travel from Colombo to Singapore on 22nd April. Unfortunately due to the bomb blasts, I changed my flight to travel on 25th April instead. I paid the applicable charges. On 26th April they sent out an email saying they will not charge penalties for changes up to 15th May due to the situation. On 29th April I wrote to them with all the details for my refund. Since then I had called them over 10 times, sent over 10 emails and each time they say they are processing it ... or they are going to get back to be at the soonest, once they even told me that it has been approved and I will be receiving money back within 3 to 4 weeks! But nothing happens. They ask me to forward the email to their various divisions reservations, booking, customer services, miles program etc. as if it is my problem that they are unprofessional and unorganised. After waiting 7 months, today I decided to give up  I let them know I will not be pursuing it anymore. A big zero for Customer Service.
Air France is Europes worst national airline for long haul. Cityjet seem to take their role of supporting their parent seriously and clearly share the same values and customer care policies  they dont have any. On a BA flight this morning after the cancellation of my Cityjet flight last nigh and what a contrast  Air France provided one agent to rebook 90 passengers and result was a 2 hour queue. They told us nothing about the problem and ignored the problems of passengers.
  Santiago to Sydney via Auckland with LAN Airlines. I read some discouraging reviews before flying, but my experience was quite different. The check in was swift and efficient, departure on time both legs. I flew both ways with the new aircraft, the cabin crew was welcoming and polite. The toilets kept clean throughout the flight, and entertainment system kept us busy. The downside was the food, during such a ling flight you would expect to receive two hot meals, but for the breakfast we received only a small warm sandwich. It would be nice if during the flight also some snacks will be provided. Otherwise all filled my expectations will fly LAN again.
Flew TAGMNL or at least attempted too on a low fare. After waiting 4 hours at the airport flight was canceled. Next flight with space for 8 people my extended family was in 3 days. We ended up taking a ferry to another city and taking another Zest flight which was itself late. No vouchers for hotel or food. Pure mayhem. Dont be fooled by the fact that Zest has a new airplanes they do as this missing part is how to operate them with efficiency.
  This airline is a joke. They cancelled my flight and didnt give any notice until hours before. They put me and my boyfriend on different flights home despite me being a young girl who is scared to travel alone. They are all full of attitude and are so unhelpful. I have never met such lifeless and cruel humans in my life before coming across their employees. When I explained to them that the flight they put me on would cause me to miss my university graduation, they laughed. Their chat is even more of a joke. They dont even read what you say. Dont fly with this airline unless you want to be treated without any respect. Their food also smells as bad as their employees.
  Brisbane to Sydney. The Airport crew in Brisbane were absolutely rude, demanding and disrespectful. My cabin bag weighted 8.1kg, it should have been 7kg, all good, my bad. The desk lady demanded I pay $75 for the excess weight, I said to her I can take items out and put them in the bin as I did not need them. She said no, there is no time you need to pay now and give the bag to the ground crew. I said it will take me 2mins to take the items out. She again said theres no time. I looked at her as she checking other paying customers whom she could rip off before she got the EFT POS machine that took her 5 mins to operate. By this time 10mins had passed and I repeatedly told her, after all your mucking around I could have taken the excessive weight out of my bag, got on the plane and avoided the $75.  I will never fly this airline, pay the extra dollars to be treated like a human, its worth it. 
BrusselsAleppo DamascusBrussels. Cheapest tickets to Syria direct flights from Brussels to Aleppo and Damascus friendly crew adequate food. Although older Airbus they were clean and looked well maintained and a lot of legspace.
Although I have flown with Dragonair from Dhaka to Hong Kong return numerous times before this was the first time that I have done so in Business Class. Overall I was impressed. The service was excellent the food good and the drink selection OK. My only complaint was the seats in that the only storage is in a small pocket in the centre armrest which is not really big enough. Also because the seats only recline to about a 15deg angle i.e they are not lie flat with no foot rest to support yourself when trying to sleep you are constantly sliding forward out of the seat really not very comfortable and the seat controls are also a bit difficult to work.
Bangkok to Chiang Mai with Nok Air and very impressed. Definitely the best low cost I have used  15kg luggage allowance, boarding and departure in advance as all passengers were in, brand new plane, free snack onboard and free wifi I am making this review as we just started our descent.
 This lot make Ryanair seem comfortable. Everything about this airline, its airport and sky lounge is third rate. Sure, you save money as its always one of the cheaper fares but you will have to carefully consider it its worth it. On board food is almost inedible. They take all your water bottles before you board yes even after you have gone through a security scan! and then you have to beg the two staff working the entire economy cabin for a cup of water any time you want a drink on a 8 or 16 hr leg. Thinking you might make the journey a little more bearable by buying the $49 sky lounge pass? Dont bother. Grubby tiny lounge, with no edible hot food options, and barely edible cold sandwiches. Filthy toilets.
  Do not fly with Flair. They are by far the worst airline I have ever used. They changed our flights with no compensation will not answer calls will not respond to emails. They completely ruined our honeymoon  DO NOT FLY WITH FLAIR
Gatwick to Burgas. Was meant to be on a Boeing 787, but our flight had no plane and no crew, and ended up having over a 6 hour delay. To make matters worse we ended up taking off at 1.20am surrounded by a drunken stag party, using bad language in front of children, shouting, jumping on seats, and swinging on the back of seats, throwing food around, at one point even shouting for the children to put parachutes on ready to jump from the plane. Despite this the cabin crew continued to serve them double whiskey and coke in one hand and a beer in the other, topping them up all through the flight.  I strongly disagree when their policy clearly states that no one under the influence of alcohol will be allowed to board the plane. Their case was that because the police had escorted this party onto the plane it was not Thomsons responsibility, but why did they continue to supply them drinks?  So the rest of us passengers on that flight at 1.20am had to remain unhappy, very tired, unable to sleep and suffering abusive behaviour. I might add that the return flight was better but I have been put off Thomson by their attitude to this event  and the customer services told me this happens on a lot of flights.
  We flew Latam but on Delta, so the trip itself was not a problem. The real problem is if you need to make any changes to your ticket, you are really doomed. Let me explain why. I had to change the tickets dates for me, my kids and my mother in March 2023. Every time I called it was a different problem. Every single time they encountered a problem in the system. Every time I called same day the fare would have a different price, it would vary from 2k to 3k and then $700 on the same day this is only the fare difference on the ticket I have already purchased. I know the fare changes constantly, but it didnt make sense .. every representative would give me a insane price every time I called. The changing fee would be different on every call.. on one call he said there would be no fee, another one told me it would be $150, and then $300 and $450 .. no consistency. Even when I agreed to pay a lot more for the fare difference the system would not process the payment and I would have to call back later and go through the same process over and over again. Also, my mother was on a different reservation so I had to double the calls because they could not resolve everything in a single call always saying the system was down or payment could not be processed at that time. After several calls the problem was resolved at 2am. Dont get me wrong, the customer service representatives are polite and friendly but they cannot help! Fast forward to June I had to change my mothers reservation again. When I booked her ticket several months ago, I bought a more expensive ticket so we could have flexibility on changes, and it was the same nonsense. Several calls, crazy fare changes and to put the ticket on hold they wanted to charge me $450  changing fees,  the fare difference whenever I book in the future.. so it was better just not show up for this flight and buy a new ticket with another airline company. I dont usually write reviews, but I wasted so much time and money that Latam was my worst airline experience.
  AirAsia is not a reliable airline, often flight schedule changes, and does not care for customers welfare. It is one of the worst airlines I have ever flown with. My flight ticket was from MNLCGY and vice versa. First, my MNLCGY flight scheduled at 1420 was moved to 1945, though there was one email prior notice. However, on my CGYMNL return flight originally scheduled at 1410, upon arrival at Laguindingan Airport, I and other passengers were told that the flight would be moved to 2030 without prior notice. As we were waiting patiently, time has passed and the earlier announced 2030 became 2200. Air Asia ground crew did not even show courtesy by asking for apology nor give any explanation, and did not even offer water to the customers during the tiring and frustrating nine hours of waiting just to appease our disappointment. The company did not show any care or respect to their customers. I strongly discourage other flyers to try flying AirAsia.
  New York to Kuwait via Mumbai. Worst airline ever, no respect for customer comfort. There was water leaking in the flight. Then on Kuwait airport where I was shuttled 2 between transit center at one end of the airport to the gate at other end where one is supposed to take the terminal transfer bus. With no absolute coordination between the staff for execution of a smooth journey.
 Booked ticket from Toronto to Montreal directly from their website with my personal mail ID and contact details. They cancelled the flight, at the last minute they said flight cancelled, gave another one for next day. At least they should inform one day prior or have to arrange another flight or airline at the same time. This is not for the first time. Even though I am aware about their pathetic service, I choose this one only because there was no alternate option. They do not value the customers time, they behave like its their right to cancel any flight at any time. Also they havent provided me food and accommodation. Its around 8 hours, my luggage is not returned, waiting at the airport. Very very bad service Porter Airlines, not at all recommended to any one.
  Highly do not recommend. Flight on the way to London had no working screens. On my connecting flight to Johannesburg, they overbooked our flight by 70 passengers. No order or sympathy whatsoever and it was a dog fight to get the first available seat which was 8 hours later ! Will never fly with them again.
  Ive grown tired of this airline now. Ive flown in total 6 long haul flights with them and the quality of the product is extremely poor. Every single flight has been completely different, not for the good. The cabin crew arent polite, you are very much seen as an inconvenience. The food was terrible. The breakfast on the flight was the worst Ive ever had. Inflight entertainment if poor, small random selection of filmstv programmes to watch. I was flying with Thai Airways purely because they are direct. However I will now avoid them. Im very disappointed. Only positive is the direct flight.
  Casablanca to Nairobi. This flight was my worst in 40 years of travel. I was notified one hour before flight time of changes  via email. Royal Air Maroc did not properly attach my travel agency booking. When I arrived at the ticket sales counter for assistance, there was a fury of angry female agents barking at customers in three languages. They sounded like dogs whose collars were too tight. Not a drop of politeness angry, dismissive, indifferent and incompetent  without a drop of empathy for a traveler earring on a two day journey. Only a government sponsored employee could get away with this egregious deportment. I kept quiet  dodging the continuous barrage of daggers from these angry ladies. My only regret was that I didnt video these proceedings  but knew these women would make sure I never got to my destination. As a medical doctor, I am baffled at this hostility. Eventually, a male supervisor was summoned to this fiasco  from his nonverbals, he was frustrated, but assuaged the employees. Was it necessary? I will not follow through with a repeat. Next time, Air France.
 Orlando to Nassau. December 24th made the 3rd and final time I will ever fly with this airline. Prior to this trip my other two flights were delayed upon departure as well as the return trip. Each way was delayed by at least 2 hours. On the first trip once we finally arrived in the Bahamas we were forced to sit on a hot plane for at minimum 30 minutes due to issues with the jetty. Our trip on December 24th was delayed for 4 hours with no explanation. We were due to arrive at 415pm and didnt land until around 830 pm. We had to sit on the plane for an additional 15 minutes due to, you guessed it, problems with the jetty. Take my advice and avoid this airline at all costs.
  Barcelona to Prague. I bought ticket with Czech Airlines, but the flight was operated by Smartwings, one of the worst airlines. Their Boeings does not have much space for legs build for low cost company with this configuration. 
My daughter and I flew Lan Peru from LimaCuzcoLima in December 2004. Both great flights. Lots of leg room a lot more than on the Delta flights from Toronto to Lima. Its a 1hour flight and they served a hot breakfast! Toronto to Atlanta is a 212 hour flight and we got pretzels on Delta. FAs were pleasant and helpful. Plenty of overhead baggage space and did I mention the leg room? The only snag we had on the return flight was no vegetarian meals the meal for the 1hour flight was a hamcheese sandwich and a fruit cup. The FA apologized and explained that on domestic flights they dont have vegetarian meals the tour operator we booked with should have known that. The FA offered us the crews meal a salad we declined but I thought it was a very generous offer. I had brought granola bars for problems like that. Would I fly with them again  most definitely unfortunately they dont fly to Toronto.
  This flight was canceled in June of 2020 and I have sent numerous messages to the airline requesting a refund for this flight. I still have been unable to travel.to these destinations and the airline has not responded to any of my dozen or more requests for an answer. Terrible customer service and consideration for their customers and doing the right thing.
Frankfurt to Berlin. Austerity measures noticeable. To my disappointment, Air Berlin has practically abolished its inflight service on this route  no free beverage, no snack fortunately, still a goodquality piece of chocolate. Beverages and snacks could be purchased but some of them were not available when asked for. The seats are very cramped. In summary, Air Berlin feels like a lowcost airline now  which it did not in the past. I have to state that flights were on time and flight attendants friendly  with the minimal service there was not much communication, though.
  Davao to Singapore. I have had no problem with Silk Air until 6 October when I was returning from Davao. The trip was fine as normal, however somehow my luggage, one bag, did not leave Davao airport in spite of checking in almost 32 hours before take off and seeing my bag complete with baggage stickers having been applied by check in staff and seeing the bag depart on the carousel. The non arrival of my bag at Auckland Airport caused me no end of distress as aside from clothing it contained my toiletries and important medication.
  Seattle to Taipei. Excellent experience from start to finish, from ground staff to crew. Food was good with nice portions. My luggage did not make it onto the flight due to a short connection caused by a delay from a previous domestic flight on a different airline. My bags arrived at my doorstep a few hours after I arrived home. Amazing. Best airline in the world as far as I am concerned.
  Delhi to Dubai. Dont ever book with Air India Express. Worst airline with worst attention and customer service by crew to ground staff and even customer care. Finally they took my whole money to re schedule or cancellation. Worst airline in my life.
 Canceled connector flight, lost luggage to and from London, garbage customer service in Pearson Airport. Nobody working counters. 2 hours on the phone to find luggage. Disconnected! Another 2 hours on the phone. I would NEVER recommend this airline to anybody. When I fly Delta, its smooth every single time. This experience was pure trash. Heck, Spirit is better!
 Seattle to Cincinnati via Minneapolis. We booked four first flight with Sun Country in June. Our son was excited because hes an aspiring pilot and he had never flown with Sun Country before. The night before our flight I looked up the flight information to get the gate and found out the flight had been cancelled. Not sure when it was cancelled, but it was after we had checked in earlier in the day. Because we were in Seattle the customer service desk was already shut down for the day so we had to wait until the next morning to get help. The customer service rep was very kind and helpful the only reason to give an average customer service rating. She confirmed the cancellation was due to crew issues. The next available flight for our family was in 7 days which is obviously not a valid option. She did offer a full refund and we have received that. But we had to rebook 5 new tickets for the next day which also added another hotel night and rental car day. It cost us an additional $2500. The flight experience may be perfectly fine, and I do believe the rep did everything she was allowed to do. But if you are booking with them be fully aware you could be stranded or incur a significant expense if your flight is cancelled and they arent able to offer a timely replacement. Many other airlines have multiple flight options even 1 or 2 day delays would have worked or travel partners they could send you on other airlines. I strongly discourage you from booking with Sun Country.
 I hadnt even heard of Breeze when I booked a nonstop roundtrip ticket from Las Vegas to Richmond, Virginia. They had just added this obscure route. No one else offered a direct flight and they were $300 less then a similar flight that included one stop en route. Prior to booking, I checked out the reviews and overall rating, and prepared for late flights and lost luggagenone of which happened. Great value, excellent flight on a new Airbus A220. Excellent crew and interminal checkin staff, both in Las Vegas and Richmond. On both ends the flights left on time and arrived ahead of time and the baggage service was fast. Instead of using the terms economy and firstclass, they offer nice, nicer and nicest more inclusive terminology. With Breeze, you have to do everything online and my recommendation would be to first time flyers to set up a real account first not a guest account and book the ticket. I booked as a guest then setup a real account, but they cant merge the two accounts. They deleted the guest account, but all of the texts for upgrades took me to the new account which didnt have my trip listed. Im sure that will resolve itself when I book the next ticket. All communication is via email or online and it takes a day or two to get a response. It was a great flight in both directions.
  Im boarding an easyjet flight from Berlin to London and just had an extremely unpleasant experience at the gate. I have been told by staff that my bag was too large and I would have to pay for it. When I put the bag in the easyjet own measuring device showing that the bag clearly fitted the allowable size, she refused to look, just demanding that I should pay. Thankfully, a second hostess came by, recognized the error and took us in.
How come that every time I call Luxair Information for landing times or other information I first get a message asking me to hold for about 4 to 5 minutes far too long and then I get a ringing tone but nobody picks up!!! I just hung up after waiting or about 10 minutes without an answer. Looking after your calldesk would enhance the professional image of your company. I must admit that Im dreading to call you by now as I never get the information I need anyway.
London City to Glasgow, and a excellent flight overall. On time, easily dispatched from LCY, so much better than LHR. Plane was clean and comfortable and seemed pretty new. Crew were friendly and efficient. We arrived 10 minutes early and bags available quickly at Glasgow. All in, an excellent experience.
  Flight on economy class was fine and as expected. Seat was comfortable, flight ontime, and inflight meals were good. Economy class service was good as well. Overall, no complaints at all.
Arusha to Kigali via Dar es Salaam. I arrived to Kilimanjaro Airport at 4p.m, after taking a bus because if I waited my belatedly flight I had never been arrived on time to Kigali. When I arrived they said me that my flight to Kigali is cancelled. They didnt know how long. I sat down and after 30min without information I spoke with a lot of people who works in the airport but not with personal of Rwandair because after they said me waiting they disappeared. Now finally, I will take other flight with another airline to Dar Salam where I used to search someone who wants give me another ticket to flight to Kigali. They said me that I need to tell in Dar Salam my story another time to anybody of Rwandair. I dont know what more will happen. I feel that It is a bad airline company and It is the last time that I will take a flight with them. Also staff  in Kilimanjaro Airport with this airlines are having inadequate and inpolite treatment. I feel so defrauded.
  Do not use this airline. My flight was cancelled and they refunded 10 of the money and refuse to investigate where the remainder is. For the last 2 weeks they have used delay tactics to send me back to the bank. Even my bank has said theyre delaying the refund. How can 1 of 8 refund transactions go through but 7 dont. Now Easyjet refuse to investigate it further until I get a letter from my bank saying they dont have the money. So, either Im a liar or my bank are apparently? Im pretty sure this is illegal, delaying a refund like this. 
DUSDJEDUS Tunisair Economy Charter crew varied from friendly to neutral. Planes a bit worn. Food better than German airlines flying into Tunisia.
 Reykjavik to San Francisco. Worst airlines I have taken in my life. Zero customer service and very rude staff. They have no consideration for the customers, they treat them like trash andor second class citizens
Cairo to Sanaa and back. The service was good. Round trip flight had good service and despite a few kids running in the aisles it was a peaceful flight. Though I was confident of Yemeni before I am a little shaken up of a Yemenia flight report from my husband and worry about his flight home.
Dubai to London Heathrow. No alcohol so take your own. Flight okay, however dont sit near the back of the plane as the crew sit there all night nattering away. Food pretty poor. TV and films were below par due to the amount offered. Only flew with Royal Brunei Airlines due to cheap costs.
  Ankara to Antalya. The plane was relatively new with a nice interior. Coffeetea and a sandwichcake were coplimentary on a 50m domestic flight. I was really impressed. The seat was very comfortable and the cabin crew friendly. All these for less than 20 euros with a 15kg luggage included in the price. Definitely recommended!
  Absolute scam, bought direct flights round trip for 8,000 ZAR and ended up with a connecting flight which was delayed. 5 hour delay. I will never use this company again
  Horrible! Two of our flights got cancelled because there was not enough personnel. Other flight was cancelled because of aircraft malfunction. They do not provide vouchers for hotels, something very wrong is happening with this airline. A lot of cancellations, long lines in customer service.
  It was a great flight and the crew served me very good. After arriving Guangzhou, staff helpedme figure out how to file the code on my phone. She and the China Southern crew did a good job.
 Kuala Lumpur to Toronto via Shanghai. The worst airline ever. KUL to PVG May2 and PVG to YYZ May 3. They lost my check bag on the first flight, and on the second flight they have cancelled my prebooked seat. When I talked to them, the attitude is, I will simply give you a seat, take it or leave it.
  My family of four traveled from New York JFK to Oslo, with Norse Atlantic Airlines. It is the worst experience I have ever had with an airline. It took two hours to check our two bags due to a long line. Our flight was delayed for more than an hour. During a eight hour flight, we were not served water or anything else once. Everything is extremely expensive. Just getting a typical airline blanket is $25, with pillows sold separately. One of our screens didnt work, and some were glitchy or frozen. Our charger did not work either. When we had finally landed, it took over two hours to receive our luggage. For our flight back, our familys seats were all spread apart and we had to pay extra per seat to get seats together. Overall, we dont recommend this airline to anyone.
  La Paz to Rurrenabaque. Avoid  will cancel flights and move you onto other flight times without any contact. We arrived at airport to find both legs had been cancelled and we were on different flight times which meant a complete change of plans and additional costs incurred. They claimed not to have contact details despite us proving we had provided these as they had contacted us to confirm booking and provide tickets via email. Check in staff will also just shrug their shoulders and will not even provide an apology. Make sure you reconfirm your flight the day before but be warned at the check in desk they reserve he right to cancel  change flights up to 2 hours before with no warning or refund!
  Flew Delhi to Almaty with Air Astana. Excellent service, the aircraft was well maintained and they exceed our expectations on ground too. Even though we had a technical glitch with the aircraft they were super fast to resolve it.
 Had and amazing flight with Turkish Airlines on a one way ticket from Antalya via Istanbul to London. Flight was late leaving Antalya to Istanbul but made up time to get my connection to London. Full flight from Istanbul to London where the crew perform well and was calm and professional. Nice food in economy which I ask for seconds. Enjoyable smooth flight and landed in London Heathrow bang on time. Wish I had more time to explore Istanbul new airport. Will definitely fly Turkish Airlines again.
  Horrible experience. The staff during the check in were clueless. They told us we have to check in again at Hanoi for the international flight due to the visa I had visa issued by Korean goverment. Once arrived at Hanoi Airport one staff of Vietnam airlines was waiting for us to inform us that one of our baggage has lost the id labels and they cannot transfer to the plane to fly to Incheon so we had to go to the luggage belt to get our suitcase. Once at the check in counter at Hanoi airport, they didnt know out of my 3 suitcases which one was the one without id tag. Also they did not want to allow me to fly, because as they said my visa will be rejected in Korea.  Finally I convinced them saying that I will be happy to sign the disclaimer form to release them from any responsibility in case if I got rejected obviously one in Korea I did not have any problem with my visa. I will not fly with Vietnam Airlines again
LHRTashkentLHR. Check in staff at Heathrow explained as the flight was not full we could have a row to ourselves. Food service okay  lots of it but low quality. Wine was local. Seats okay. IFE very poor. On return the flight was filled with those transferring from Dehli so the plane was full.
  My experience couldnt have been better. Before boarding we used the Qatar Airways Lounge in Bangkok which is simply the best. Boarding was well organised. The crew were welcoming and the seat ready with pjs, blanket and seat cover. The Champagne was cold and the food was really good. I slept for 5 hours and had a light breakfast before arrival. What more could I have asked for?
  The worst airline ever. First, they rescheduled my flight which will be 3 hours later than the original time. It was acceptable. But when I did the online checkin, I realized they had downgraded my seat from premium economy to economy class. So I gave them a call. The customer service just informed me that the transit time of the rescheduled flight is too short, which is 1.3 hours. I will definitely miss the connecting flight.  Why did they provide this flight for me in the first place? If I did not call, then I would have missed the flight and been stuck at their airport for a day! As a result, I have to book another flight from another airline which is twice more expensive than the usual fee since I booked it last minute. So please dont ever fly with them. Its a waste of money and time.
  Im having this flight for the second time and it was late both of the times. This time we had to wait for 5 hour and we  were not even informed earlier. We got to know about the delay when we checked in. I wont travel with this airline again.
  I decided to give Viva air a second chance but it has been one of the biggest mistakes Ive ever made. My last experience was horrible and after complaining I received vouchers for the tickets that I had purchased. It turns out that when paying taxes for those tickets it was pretty much like buying a new ticket. The customer service is horrible! When I got to the airport this time I expressed my concern about not being able to check in online and the answer that I got is that I made a mistake and I would have to pay $25 dollars for them to check us in. Then, I said that I had a small carry on suitcase to bring with me and their trick is that if your personal item doesnt fit in the box that they have designed to measure your luggage you have to pay extra. Well, my bag was too big for the box and I ended up paying $30 dollars for my tiny carry on bag to be checked. Am I using this airline again? No way! T
 Flight has been delayed several times. It is supposed to take off at 11. After 3 postponed departures now it is scheduled for 5.30 Hope they wont cancel it on me. What a nightmare. I am still stuck at Las Vegas Airport. Earlier, 2 flights have left for Toronto already. I made a mistake choosing Swoop. A word to the wise Do not  repeat do not fly this airline. Anger, frustration, missed flights will result.
 Kuala Lumpur to Kota Kinabalu. It was quite an enjoyable flight. Cabin crew and ground service were very friendly. After takeoff, there were served a welcome drink. The food was just normal. It was a cake or something. The seat was quite comfortable too as the aircraft is just 1 year old. Ive been on Malindo Air two times, once was Kuala Lumpur to Singapore. Overall, I still recommend this airline. Its cheap and well serviced.
  Jashore to Dhaka. A not wellknown domestic airline in Bangladesh. The flight was late but we did get to our destination in a straight flight with no circling around. Being a short flight the cabin service was basic but adequate. Not a bad airline!
The worst airline I have flown with. First, they now require a transit visa which wasnt on any of the ticketing or website including the app. Over 50 of the flight did not have this and they had QR codes at ticketing stating we needed to download another app and purchase this Visa in order to board. Only one of the 4 flights for our trip were on time. And when delaying several hours, they were unhelpful and one attendant actually rude. They were other flights available heading in our general direction, and instead of allowing us to change flights, they said we could book a new ticket but would not be refunded or credited any part of our flight since it was only delayed and not canceled  in no way caring that we were now losing our connection and going to be stuck another night in a transfer airport. I  asked if there were upgraded seats available to try and get off the plane faster since we only had 40 minutes to clear customs and catch our next flight and she informed me they cannot prioritize anyone as they have 150 connections.  Also the food is horrible. The apple juice on the flight was delicious and their uniforms are nice. Also appreciated their acknowledgment of the indigenous peoples of the land. Will not fly again and do not recommend. 
  My travelling partner tested positive for COVID 2 days before the flight and we were then unable to travel. Called the airline immediately  4 times never got through  finally did  a curt and snappy agent  told us there was no chance to do anything. Will charge you for cancelling, will not refund any thing, will charge you again to move to a different date. Paid for extra bags, no refund, taxes paid will not be refunded. 300 euro paid for 2 people for a one way flight lasting 30 minutes.
  Very efficient and friendly service. Check in was smooth, boarding and disembarking well managed, cabin crew are friendly and worked very hard. I felt safe and relaxed. I would recommend.
  Was flying on a business trip from Luxembourg to Belgrade through Vienna. My connection was really short, just 35 minutes, I managed to make it, but my luggage did not. Upon arrival to Belgrade I received an SMS that my luggage was not boarded and some instructions. Reported all to the lost luggage and left my hotel address. I believe that by the evening my luggage arrived to the Belgrade airport, but due to weekends it was delivered to me only on Monday. Since all my clothes were in the suitcase I had to go shopping. Afterwards filled in a report and in a week received a compensation according to their internal policy.
  I had a very unpleasant experience, but nothing to do with the flight or onboard service, as I never managed to get to the plane FA160, reference DRI4Y4. Standing in the queue waiting to board, I suffered a vasovagal syncope attack which rendered me hanging over the railing, or so I think. I was immediately humbled by the traveling passengers waiting to board with me, who were so overwhelmingly comforting positioning me on my back, elevating my feet, putting a fan in my face, placing a wet towel over my forehead, and pressing for the emergency services to arrive. Accolades and orchids to all of you who I do not know, and in particular Mr. Piet Van Wyk who flies this route weekly, and whom I know in person. In and out of consciousness, I heard his voice and others, and I was completely taken aback by such levels of human compassion. Thank you. From Safairs side, I extend my gratitude to Tarrick spelling who was with me until I reached the airport clinic. My bags and personal belongings laptop, glasses, ID were safe, and he communicated clearly and sensitively with my wife. He assured me that my flight change could be done without cost, but only with a fit to fly document issued by a Doctor. Please be certain to recognize his brilliant and sincere service and my eternal gratitude. Thank you Safair and my anonymous traveling partners. 
  Cali to Panama. Que un representante sea un total patan y grosero, aunque haya agentes decentes, deja caer mal a todo el equipo. Mi mam, una seora de la tercera edad e hipertensa, fue humillada y maltratada por un agente en Cali. Hasta uno de los de migracin, le pidieron respeto a la Sra. Desde el inicio no respondi ni los buenos das, le pidi un dinero en efectivo y dice que le faltan $100 para poder viajar y no la dejo ni hablar y la corri de inmediato, dijo siguiente retrese no viaja as y punto? Increble, ahora mi mam tiene la tensin alta con los nervios acelerados, no la dejaron viajar, no sabe que hacer, est sola y ya sin medicamento.
  YYZPDLFNC. Easy on line check in and baggage drop at Pearson airport. The first leg on a new Airbus was 30 minutes late leaving and arriving but we caught up on the second leg and landed in Madeira on time. The connecting flight was on an old reliable Q400 turboprop. Both flights were full but crew was friendly and the meals were edible. Planes were clean. On the PDLFNC leg, they even gave out celebratory pastries called malassadas as a pre Carnival treat.
 Good flight overall. This can be one of the cheaper options to fly from Dubai to London, partly to compensate for the awkward flight times very late nightearly morning, in order to line up with the onwards journeys tofrom Brunei using the same aircraft and limited frequency currently only flies thrice weekly. The airline is dry does not serve alcohol which can be an advantage in the sense of avoiding air rage incidents caused by drunken passengers. Priority boarding for reserved seats was adhered to. Two hot meals of good quality were served in the flight the first was a slice of pizza served 40 minutes after takeoff the second was cooked breakfast 2 hours before landing, and an amenity kit containing an eye mask and socks was provided to economy class passengers. Inflight entertainment has a lot of options but is not easy to search and navigate and the quality of the sound from the headphones is low. Despite being the very first flight of the day to land at Heathrow Terminal 4, our luggage took almost an hour to arrive this is the airports fault, not the airlines.
 Hat Yai to Don Muang with Thai Lion Air. Staff are very friendly and polite, staff member took me to my seat and put my carry on bag in the over head bin for me. The seat is comfortable. The airplane take off and landing was smooth. The flight departed and arrived on time. The fare is very reasonable, better than the bus and the train if you book in advance. Before buying ticket the travel agent let me know ahead one small carry on luggage is free. The other luggage will be charged.
 I booked tickets from Narita to Taipei. I flew into Narita from the US. An airport employee told us to go through the transfer gates for our connecting flight. We showed up at the gate an hour and a half before boarding. The employee refused to print out our tickets and let us board. He said that we had to go through customs and checkin at the counter outside. This was not stated on our tickets. And we tried to checkin online but the Tigerair manager working there said the online checkin was unavailable due to COVID. We had to book a different airline and Tigerair refused to give us our tickets or money back.
 Almaty to Dushanbe with Air Astana. Forced me off my flight during check in plane was not cancelled, it was overbooked even though I booked 3 months in advance. Staff said this happens everyday and could provide no help. They suggested I contact their office who has not responded to my questions. Staff even asked me to please complain because this happens so often and they are clearly sick of it. To avoid this problem for others, I would recommend not using this airline as they were extremely unprofessional and no one could answer my questions. I travel every month to many countries across Asia and have never been treated so poorly. Later, Air Astana replied to my compliant with A Wrong flightdate, and B blamed it on a travel agent I didnt use a travel agent and C stated an email notification was sent when it was not. The fact that they will lie to invalidate my legitimate complaints shows the type of business they do.
  Was forced to fly HiFly because my Aer Lingus flight crew was sick. I would never fly this airline again. First they couldnt even have an orderly boarding process. The seats are absolutely horrible. No entertainment at all and this was a 7 hour flight. The seats are so close together and extremely uncomfortable. When they finally gave us our meal they didnt take the garbage away for an hour and a half. They never answered a call button form a passenger and they didnt have any air on until someone complained. There is no individual air for each seat. Would rather wait another week to get home than fly this airline again
Have nothing but praise this airline. A competitor cancelled by misstake our return leg out of Liverpool to Basle and the ground staff was not helpful at all to say it in a polite manner. What a difference at the VLM ticket counter. The woman knew our situation and offered us a reasonably priced ticket to LCY from where we could continue our journey. As we booked last minute and security checks etc. took longer we got denied boarding at the gate as the flight would have left late if it waited for us to be bussed to the aircraft. Received free lounge acces in Liverpool A special offer at the moment and free rebooking to the next flight. Friendly FAs served candies upon boarding and free food and drinks during the short flight. Of course it was somewhat like a cold hamburger but more important is the way they treat you. You might pay a bit more but you get treated as a human being. Arrival in LCY was smooth and in the terminal within minutes. Called their London office a couple of days ago for a copy of the electronic ticket. We need that to reclaim the money from their orange competitor. This request was handled promptly and with no problems! Their Fokker 50s are ok for the routes they use. All in all reminds me of what Crossair used to be years ago. Friendly staff nice service etc.
Great airline with its excellent prices and cabin crew very professional but still had a sense of humour and pride in the service offered. Good to feel a valued customer again and not just a number. Both flights on very clean MD80s on time and comfortable
Very mixed experiences on three flights intraPeru during May 2006. First leg LIMArequipa AQP was a mess. Lima airport is invariably fog bound in the early hours during May noones fault but the airline always seems totally unprepared. As soon as the fog cleared at about 1000 hrs other airlines were flying. Not so LAN Peru. Our 1110 hrs 06 May flight was cancelled and we were subsequently issued with boarding cards  promises of later flights which never appeared on any departures board and it has to be said vouchers for a midday transfer to a LIma hotel for lunch. Back at the airport it got to 1800 hrs with a vague promise of flights at 2130  2330 hours or later ! that we cut our losses and paid cash for a Wayraperu qv flight that was departing that evening. We were not the only LAN Peru flight badly affected that day  stories abounded of a second DAY of cancellations and empty promises with folk being continually bussed into the city to clear the concourse. Noone at the LAN Peru offices to offer any concrete explanations they shut their offices to the public and the counter staff were overwhelmed. Our second flight AQPJuliaca JUL on the 11 May 2006 subjected to a 3 hour delay  given reason of fog at Lima even though the aircraft we used had been on the tarmac at AQP for the previous night and throughout the period of the delay never having touched Lima!  never got to understand that one. Airline staff less overwhelmed although a shade disinterested in events. The last flight Cusco CUS  LIM on the 23 May 2006 on time and with good service. Modern Airbus A320 equipment Chilean registered  clean and serviceable with standard airline catering and legroom. Overall summary  good when things are going well but be prepared for pot luck and indefinite delays if theres a glitch.
 Worst experience ever! Sat night flight was canceled after being delayed for over an hour, did not get another flight back home til the Sunday 9pm! Customer service is horrible! They did not provide a hotel and only some passengers were given food vouchers. $9 pper. worst customer service! Airline doesnt care for their passengers! Having to wait for the 24 hrs for the next available flight is insane. Many of families with kids including myself so it was such a horrible experience.
 They refuse to honor a valid travel voucher that they issued. Dont ever accept one for a reservation or seat change. I emailed customer service and spoke to three different people and none were able to or willing to help. The voucher doesnt expire until July 2023.
  Flew Lagos to Dakar. I arrived at Lagos airport for my flight which was supposed to leave at 8.30pm but was delayed. The airline did not announce this delay, instead, I had to run around asking airport staff for information and thanks to a nice gentleman I finally found out the the plane was delayed 4 hours. 4 hours wait for a 3 hour flight. After waiting 4 hours the plane was further delayed an hour and once we boarded, we had to wait another hour and a half until it took off. All this time there was absolutely no communication from the airline, we were just expected to wait in ignorance. In the end I arrived in Dakar at 6am instead of 12am as scheduled. I will never recommend flying Arik Air. 
BKKParoBKK business class in midNovember  new A 319s clean and comfortable. Stops in Gaia outward and Kolkotta return were only 45 minutes. FAs warm and attentive excellent hot breakfasts served on the longer sectors Thai and local newspapers plus a few magazines available for reading. Views of the mountains obscured by cloud on arrival. but the twists and turns of the landing at Paro were the most exciting since Hong Kongs old Kai Tak was closed. Fabulous mountain views on departure. Overall two excellent flights.
  London to Tokyo via Hong Kong. We booked our holiday with separate flights 16 days ago for 7 months time. Unfortunately due to the coronavirus our cruise around Japan and China was cancelled by our cruise company. Eventually after persisting for just under an hour we got through to a very unhelpful representative who told us that it was company policy to charge £300 each to cancel our booking. We tried to explain that the cancellation was not in our control but all they could say was company policy. 
  Toronto to Amsterdam. For me to say this airline is bad, I mean it. I waited 2 hours in line just to check in. They only had two people working the check in counter in Toronto for over 200 people. The service was rude and impatient not just with me by with the other passengers during the flight. Then when I landed they had lost my luggage for two days. Please do not waste your time with these guys. They have no idea what customer service is about.
  Dublin to Istanbul via Chisinau. Horrible, lousy airline. Will never travel with them again. Massive delays and they cancelled my ticket that I had paid for and left me stranded in Istanbul. Still in it as I write this. Trying to get home.
  The cabin of Austrian was quite a shock, as totally outdated no privacy for most seats, no direct access to corridor for many seats near the windows, and a miserable toilet kit. Food was excellent, wines as well, with a very nationalistic touch, as only Austrian wines. The crew was very nice, very attentive, flight was on time and loading well organised.
  I reviewed the food and the flight a few days ago and have also been interested to read the reviews of so many others but one thing has caught my attention not once has Jetstar taken the time to respond to any of the comments. All companies monitor these sites, Its part and parcel of modernday businesses, yet there is no input from Jetstar. What does this tell us? For me, its a sign of disinterest and complete arrogance. Sad really that they hold their client base in such disregard and contempt.Editor Note Jetstar were offered the opportunity many times to quicklink respond to their customer feedback, but chose not to do so.
  Changed my flight from 8pm to a flight at 10.30pm from Lynx Air Not even the same airline, by the way!. Not only do I now have to work with landing in my destination at 1.30 am, Lynx doesnt offer carryon baggage which I paid for with Sunwing!. Then they have the gall to ask me to pay extra in order to switch back to my original flight. Uh, no. I already paid for that. Same goes for the carryon. 0 compensation for that as well. Disappointing.
  I was coming from USA and having connecting flight to Lucknow. At the time of baggage checking the staff Shakshi helped me a lot as there was one bag extra and I have already paid for that, but somehow its was not showing in their website. This girl really help a lot to get it clear.
  I purchased 3 round trip tickets for my family members back in November 2022 to fly in March 2023 for approximately $2300, while I was booking I didnt notice that tickets are nonrefundable. With in a first hour after booking I decided to cancel tickets, I called the Emirates customer service and explained the situation I asked if its possible to cancel, they said sure you can , will refund you the money with in 21 business days. They canceled my tickets and never did the refund. I called they many times after asked for the money they said my tickets not refundable. They should not have cancel them then, they gave me wrong information. Would not recommend to deal with company like that.
  Jammu to Lucknow via Delhi. I think i had a worst experience with Go Air which was earlier one of my recommended airlines. Firstly they shift my flight to the next day and then on that day again cancel the flight. They cancel my second flight few hours before the flight. I had booked the tickets so before so that at the end moment i will not experience any problem but they cancel my flight at last moment which create a huge loss to me. Such a poor service and they just say simple sorry.
 We did not receive much assistance on the Noi Bai side, but it was good on the Changi side on arrival. The Song Hong Lounge was decent, with good food and nice view of the apron. Singapore Airlines used an A350900 for a 3hour flight, which was amazing. Our bookthecook meals were decent, though not as good as I would like. Inflight service was excellent.
 Skip it. 4 Flight delays to depart. Followed by a grounding for maintenance. Delay forced us to book a hotel and not make it to our family at any kind of reasonable time. NOT looking forward to the return flight next week, but I will update you. Not worth the cheap seats. Fly Frontier or Southwest!
  Tangier to Amsterdam via Casablanca. Good service on board, the crew was very kind and did their best efforts to keep us satisfied. Plane was clean and the meal was good. Unfortunately the airport of Casablanca was very busy and the staff did not manage to coordinate the priority and regular lanes.
Cabin was clean. Personal screen was big enough and a lot of entertainment programs were available. Seat was very comfortable. My personal area was spacious. Tullys Coffee was offered with tasty chocolate. Flight attendants provided quick and responsive service. Everything was excellent!
BrusselsHelsinkiBrussels. BrusselsHelsinki 2000 was cancelled. Rescheduled on Brussels CopenhagenHelsinki with SAS. When we arrivied at Copenhagen the flight from Copenhagen to Helsinki was cancelled. We had to stay overnight. Helsinki to Brussels flight cancelled. Recheduled on HelsinkiCopenhagenBrussels. Excuse illness pilot. I had the feeling they just cancelled the flight due to low number of passengers.
  Another flawless flight from Goa to Bombay in Business Class. Vistara does everything right for the premium class, from checkin to boarding to inflight service. I rate it as the best fullservice domestic airline currently operating in India. The experience could be enhanced further by offering WiFi in the aircraft.
CItyjet is a no nonsense airline with an ageing fleet. Their Avro RJ85s are really showing their age now with a lot of technical delays recently. My flight WX197 was delayed for almost two hours 02DEC on a multitude of reasons. Initially the scheduled plane had a technical fault.They flew a spare part in from Dublin, but then the mechanics did not make it on time and a CityJet night stopper was rescheduled. This plane then had to be evacuated on a security issue and was no longer available for taking the flight back to Amsterdam. CityJet took some effort and flew a spare plane from Dublin which first had to be completely catered and cleaned. Once we were ready to go after 1hr 55 on the ground the flight was a normal and eventless flight of 42 minutes. These Avros are really showing their age, not just in reliability but also the cabin and other interior.
WindhoekJohannesburg on a Boeing 737300 with British Airways flag operated by Comair. Very good service and ample legroom. Aircraft clean and departure before scheduled time. A very good flight and pleasant experience.
  Kansai Osaka to Hong Kong. The flight was delayed for more than 6hours and their ground staff are not helpful and responsive. They were trying their best to refuse all requests including reasonable request e.g. to update the letter about the delay because their flight was further delay, many passengers need this letter to claim for compensation from the insurance company. The interior of the plane is old. I ordered a meal curry chicken with rice and the taste was not good. The only good thing for Jetstar Japan is the crew on the plane as they are polite, helpful with smile at all time. No more Jetstar Japan for me.
 Flight was late for over three hours, no information regarding the delay until I arrived at the gate. Missed my second flight due to the delay. They even rejected the compensation claim, disgrace, never again.
Left Hong Kong 1hr and 20 min late but received text notification. Made up 45 minutes of this en route to Beijing. Economy cabin full yet felt spacious, clean and new. Service was excellent and the meal closest to the best Ive had in economy for some time, in fact this was better then parent company Cathay Pacific can offer in Premium Economy.
  Chennai to Salalah via Sharjah. Worst airline ever travelled, flight delayed by half an hour in Chennai because of that I lost my connection flight to Salalah. Had to wait 10 hours for next connecting flight, didnt even provided a provision stay. This is second time it happened like this with this airline. Ill never use this airline again.
  Avoid. Flight schedule at 5pm. On the way to the airport was notified flight delay to 11pm. Eventually reduced to 9pm. Enough to arrive late and miss all connections to Europe. Stayed all night at BOS Airport, had to rebook in the morning, had to wait at BOS Airport all day. Will never use JetBlue again. Also, airplane was old and looked pretty bad inside.
  Vienna to Wenzhou via Beijing. The crew was friendly, especially when you can speak Chinese but in general are very polite and helpful. The food was okay, for me it was a little bit boring and tasteless. The entertainment system onboard isnt the best. The display gets very warm and doesnt react to all my commands. There is no wifi available. Air China certainly isnt the best but it also not the worst airline.
  On 28 August my wife and I arrived at Istanbul Airport IST to checkin for our Gulf Air flight back to Dubai DXB. We are both residents of the UAE and checked all the return entry requirements to board the flight. This includes a negative PCR Test, residency VISA and a valid passport. This did not include a GDFRA return permit as we had not visited a red zone country in the last 14 days or in the last six months for that matter. Moreover whilst my wife holds a Dubai VISA, I myself have an Abu Dhabi residence VISA which means I cannot apply for a GDFRA return permit as these are only for Dubai VISA holders, but instead can apply for an ICA Identity and Citizenship Authority return permit, which is applicable to holders of VISAs issued by all the other Emirates of the UAE, excluding Dubai. We approached the checkin counter at which time we were immediately told that a GDFRA return permit was required for ALL passengers flying to Dubai regardless of VISA. Moreover it was explained to us that all passengers in the previous weeks flying to Dubai had all had GDFRA return permits regardless of VISA please note that this is impossible due to the aforementioned reason. Despite this situation we indicated that we would attempt to complete the application form online. Even approaching the local merchants to make use of their computers. When this failed the Gulf Air staff indicated that we should speak with the Emirates ticketing office and airline checkin staff located on the complete opposite side of the airport as they could explain in better detail the requirements to fly to Dubai. We proceeded to walk with all our luggage and no assistance from Gulf Air to the other side of the airport. However after speaking with the Emirates staff they confirmed our understanding that a GDFRA was not necessary in our circumstance, confirming the initial information in this complaint. Upon return to the Gulf Airline checkin counter we explained to the Counter manager what Emirates had said and we were met with severe hostility. She directed two of her staff to accompany us back to the Emirates checkin counter, telling one of them what we had told her, but in an extremely rude tone indicative of a person who believed that we were lying. My wife even tried to deescalate the situation, but the manager was so incredibly hostile and rude that further communication with her became counterproductive. We therefore proceeded back to the Emirates counter with the Gulf Air Staff, one of whom along the way informed my wife that they did not care for our situation and that we were in fact wasting their time and, as indicated above, reiterated that every passenger going to Dubai in the last few weeks had a GDFRA regardless of the VISA they held. This Gulf Air staff member was so rude he actually stopped assisting my wife with her bag and left us half way. Once back at the Emirates counter the Emirates staff explained to the remaining Gulf Air staff member that had not abandoned us that we did not require a GDFRA, however as the Gulf Air staff was apparently insisting on a document that was impossible to obtain, the Emirates staff themselves attempted to assist us in vain. I want to emphasize this point, that another airlines staff attempted to help us more than the Gulf Air staff with whom we had booked our tickets. 
 I was informed three month ago that all 3 sectors of my itinerary were downgraded to the old seating. I was able to change my flights back to Qsuites by changing flights, but had to accept a 12h layover at Doha airport. Since I can sleep on overnight flights in the Qsuite only, I accepted the offer. Unfortunately both flights were downgraded again, I was informed about the Bangkok to Doha sector 3 days ago, and about the Doha to Zurich sector just 6h before the departure of the flight.  I was up to now willing to pay more, since Qsuites are in high demand and rates were this time around €350 higher than other configuration. When I requested compensation for the previous flights, since I paid a premium for those Qsuite bookings too, I received 2 identical prewritten standard responses saying that they were not willing to compensate, not even with some Qmiles. I am really upset, since the Qsuites are promoted everywhere on the booking app, but whats the point of booking a Qsuite if I don get it! One of the mentioned flights was my 100th on Qatar, about 70 in Business class, but it never happened that there was a aircraft change from an old configuration to Qsuite, only the other way round. On a lighter note, the flights were outstanding, esp. the Bangkok to Doha sector QR839 with great food and service. I want to thank especially the wonderful and hard working Purser and her team. I cant really recommend Qatar at this point, since the hardware problems are getting from bad to worse. 
  If you have a other option take it. Flight was delayed 3 times before they told us it was cancelled and rescheduled for the following day due to weather  it was sunny when they cancelled our flight then the flight that was scheduled after ours went out. There was no compensation given, so no hotel room no food vouchers and no compensation for a lost night at the resort. We paid for seat selection and werent seated where we paid for and just told to call our travel agents. I will never fly with Transat again. They completely ruined our trip. On our flight home they didnt restock the plane so we were left with whatever food was leftover from the flight before ours so we got old stale pizza.
  I was impressed by my SilkAir flight from Singapore to Koh Samui. Check in was easy. The plane left on time and the service was both friendly and efficient. For a short flight there was a very tasty meal as well. The wine served was very good as well. I was impressed that they offered me another glass of wine! Very little IFE, but it was no big deal on such a short flight.
 Couple of short flights with HOP! An Embraer to Paris then a Bombadier down to Perpignan. Both aircraft cabins were nice, staff were friendly and helpful and the snacksdrinks on board were satisfying. Flights were on time. As a platinum cardholder my connection between CDG and ORY was without charge saving 23 Euro which is a really practical and helpful perk of Flying Blue membership, thanks Air France for that. I fly a lot with HOP! and they always do a good job, well done again!
  Our flight was delayed by 4 hours last minute. No compensation, customer service said they had no idea why the flight was delayed. Then, the departing flight from Vegas was Delayed an hour, and once we did board an hour after that We are all told that the air conditioning on the plane is broken. Theyre very quick to apologize for the inconveniences. First time flying Allegiant Air. Probably my last.
  First of all the times changed. Then we had so much trouble checking in. Then when we finally checked in we werent able to get a boarding pass. Now on the airfield they are 45 minutes too late with opening the luggage checkin counters. Their website is horrible. And they have no helpdesk or customers service that is available via the website!
  I was booked with KLM for a quick work trip from Brussels to Accra and return, with no airline choice. Pre flight  online experience and check in positive that you can now get your boarding pass via WhatsApp, but that come with tons of advertisements of KLM paid services, similar to those of the low costs  surprising the meals for special needs tastes are not free that should have been a big alarm bell if you want to have edible food, you have to pay extra. I selected one of the few free, the vegetarian Asian, hoping the word asian may guarantee some taste. I was wrong in that too. Boarding in Brussels and Amsterdam great possibility to go through the automatic electronic passport control, which avoid long lines. KLM seats in economy class are small, making long haul flights a nightmare, airplane was shabby.  I asked for a vegetarian Asian meal  got a liquid tasteless mashed potatoes with  lentils, also tasteless. In the flight from Accra, they did not bother to bring a special meal, got the vegetarian, rice with bean salad.  Staff maintains basic courtesy but they disappear asap and never passed to offer drinks not in a 6 hour flight. No pillow, and earplugs are distributed only after one hour or longer that flight took off, when they are distributing food. You get your personal screen but video choice is limited to flight tracking, music and about 30 movies. Amsterdam in the non EU Arrivals zone there was just one toilet far away from the long lines for security. No available automatic passport control for EU people.
  Used to be a great airline but they left my husband and an entire plane of people stranded in Juneau, for 2 days, over Thanksgiving. Didnt give him a hotel voucher, wont upgrade seats now that were traveling back home, nothing. Theyre not responsible, and their desk agents suck in terms of customer service. Ive had better flights and customer service on Spirit.
  Colombo to Bahrain. I encountered the worst experience ever. If youre travelling with kids please do not book this airline. When I requested a bassinet for my 10 month old they refused it initially, telling that the bassinet will be too small, but in reality it fit my baby perfectly. The staff has a major attitude and they are not flexible.  I carried an umbrealla stroller stroller met airline cabin specifications to the aircraft and the staff collected it promising to return it back in the transit. They assured many times that my stroller will be handed it over as we land in Bahrain for my connecting flight since we had a long layover. But for our surprise in Bahrain they never returned it to us but has sent it to the final destination.  Why would staff be so irresponsible after confirming their word? 
 Such a pathetic service by Air India Express. Call center is useless, agents are unprofessional with lack of knowledge. I booked flight for 17th Dec, 1115 PM and received a message on 15th Dec at 800 PM that flight is rescheduled at 0230 Hrs without mentioning date. When I called call center they informed that flight has been postponed by a day and on 16th night I have to report to airport with pcr results. Its so unprofessional from airline and above that they informed they cant do anything and I have to do pcr in that limited time and get the results. Will never travel by this airline any more.
 The checkin was extremely disorganized and chaotic. All the destinations were lumped together, resulting in people yelling, changing queues, etc. Several customers missed their flights, which could have been avoided if the airline had organized the check in counters by say, Langkawi, Singapore, Bali etc. but the airplane itself was clean and the crew was courteous.
  I flew with Aeromexico both ways going to Peru, and both legs of the flight I lost my baggage. The first one I was able to receive after 2 days, but the coming back flight its already been a week and havent received it yet. Theyve located it but keeps pending and not sending it to me.
  Medellin to Bogot. Long story short, they make you pay for carry on luggage, the same luggage that I have traveled all over south east Asia and South America, never having to pay to put it in the overhead bin.  $24 bucks for carry on, just $6 less than I actually paid for the flight. Super deceptive and poor policy in my mind. Would never recommend to anyone!
 Air India has very poor customer service onboard the aircraft. No flight attendant came to even offer water after 34 hours. Snacks were given before the beginning of the flight. In 14 hours of the flight only 1 time a meal was provided, there was also no warm food. Customer service is getting worse day by day. Everyone expected that since Mr. Ratan Tata took over Air India, he would make necessary steps to improve customer service, make flight tickets more reasonable and improvements in aircraft interior including TV screens in front of the seats but unfortunately nothing has improved. It is disappointing. At the airport after checking in for the international flight from Delhi to Toronto, my motherinlaw was harassed for return flight which was not booked at that time. Couple of staff members of the STAR ALLIANCE harassed her and took her boarding pass and refused to let her go to board on flight 45min before the departure of the flight to Toronto. I do not understand who gives airlines Air India or Star Alliance authority to ask for passengers return flight? This is ridiculous and I hope my message reaches the right authority in India to take necessary steps to stop such nonsense behavior at the airport. If I still had option for travelling with Jet Airways, I would never ever travel with Air India. Sadly, Jet Airways is no longer active.
Flew with TAME in September 2005 Quito to San Cristobal round trip. Id have to agree with the majority of comments on here  whilst the cabin crew werent rude they certainly came across as fairly miserable. The food  disgusting. Probably the worst Ive ever experienced on a plane. Outbound was a Ham  Cheese Roll I had to remove the ham from the equation as it looked so disgusting  along with a pack of butter and some jam but nothing upon which to spread them! On the return leg lunch included chunks of turkey that must have died from dehydration before being nuked in an airline kitchen  it was inedible. Amazingly this time there was a dry roll but no butter or spread!
Terrible Business Lounge in Sao Paulo. No wifi awful cold food not good sandwiches and uncomfortable seats harsh lighting. Once youre on the flight Inattentive staff uncomfortable seats not good food and youre lucky if you get a glass of wine in the first 2 hours. I wont be flying with them again. Make BA look like saints.
 This airline is a total ripoff for the extras. First airline that I have ever travelled with a restriction on the number of bags that can be attributed to a passenger for checkin. So that meant that even if I didnt hit the limit of 32kg extra baggage that I purchased out of my own pocket using 1 bag, the other bags cannot be checked in. Judging from the number of people who were also stuck at the checkin line, I know that this requirement is not clearly made known to passengers. Had to purchase for seat assignments. That itself was understandable since this is a budget airline. But the seat was not clearly indicated to be non reclining! Imagine 6hrs of sitting upright! Someone ought to be compassionate enough to indicate this to passengers just like what other airlines does.
  Due to code sharing with Cathay Pacific I was downgraded to BA on my return leg. I cant describe how cheated I felt. I booked and paid for an airline with great entertainment, food and service, instead, I was forced to go hungry because they only had one choice of meal and it was inedible. To ensure the passengers didnt get any funny ideas and assume that as the vegetarian option was unavailable they might be given a cracker or a small packet of nuts. The cabin crew announced in their uniquely aggressive and dismissive way You wont get anything else for 12 hours you know! the entertainment is compiled mainly of B movies so I paid £11 for WiFi so I could watch Netflix on my laptop. Unsurprisingly, the signal was so weak I couldnt even send an email. To add insult to injury, the earbuds provided the cheapest and lowest quality I have ever seen. Since the last time I used this airline the crew are less rude and obnoxious and are now just impatient and unhelpful.  What I dont understand is why it seems that British Airways look for these characteristics as desirable attributes for their crew. 
Once on the plane it was great but ground team was horrible and inept. We boarded at LAX for CDG and were amazed at the lack of urgency or customer concern. As the plane sat empty and the gate agent sat talking on her cell phone we all looked on amazed. 45 minutes after we were scheduled to board she announced we would be boarding 15 minutes late due to the plane arriving late  although it had been parked at the gate for hours as we waited. Clearly she had not looked at a clock. This caused us to depart over an hour late. Unfortunately we were on this trip during the Iceland Volcano Eruption. Air Tahiti once again proved how little they cared. I called the airlines 3 times about a flight only to be hung up on by the attendent. Once we had a flight we were told to be at the Airport 4 hours ahead of time due to the challenge from the Volcano. We arrived 4 hours early but the agents did not. We all 350 of us waited in line. When they did show up it took them 45 minutes to get ready have coffee chat laugh joke and enjoy themselves all in front of us without any communication with us. Zero urgency or concern for all of us who had been waiting days to get on a plane. Once ticketed we went to the gate plane was there flight crew was there but not gate agents for hours we waited until they showed up and even longer while they organized themselves. It was like a circus show watching them. The whole ordeal was so ridiculous and unnecessary. The ground team has no care or concern or urgency for the passenger. I will never fly this airline again. They didnt earn any stars with us.
 AERDME with S7 Siberia Airlines. Mobile checkin was quick and efficient. The aircraft was quite old but the seats were comfortable and had decent legroom. The chicken sandwich was tasty and sufficient for a 2 hour flight. Cabin crew were efficient, though not very friendly. Overall, a decent flight for a good price.
I travel with my two friends from Bangkok to Delhi, unfortunately we are late on that day and when we get our boarding pass our three seats are in different areas. After taking off i see some seats are empty on first and second row, my co passenger tells me these seats are chargeable. 15 min after taking off flight I request to cabin crew for giving us three seats together in second row nd she tells me all seats are vacant but these seats are chargeable but she speaks with me politely and give us three seats without any cost. I really thank the cabin crew. 
  Zero arrangements for connection flights. My Aegean flight came 30 mins late and I only had a 45 mins connection window to catch my flight to Thessaloniki with Olympic Air. No one made sure they waited for us, the boarding gate was across the airport so I was running for 15 mins. Had all my papers, covid pass and PFL checked before departure, yet they checked passports with another security check in control despite not leaving the airport. At the end my hand luggage was taken at the plane baggage section because there was no space upstairs. Think about connection flights!
$25 for each checked bag is definitely a negative in my book. The flight itself should include your luggage fee. The way this airline does seating is entirely asinine  you can book your flight at any time, but you have to wait until within two weeks of the flight to actually pick your seats. The flight was very loud and the lights and air conditioners at each seat were difficult to adjust, at some points feeling as if they would break if you tried to point the air toward you. Snacks all have to be paid for rather than being included, which also seems ridiculous when the flight already costs so much. I probably will never voluntarily fly with US Airways or American Airlines for that natter in the future. Other airlines have free bag checks and plenty of snacks on board at no extra cost.
ALGAAE. The flight to Annaba took 1hr and was uneventful. Air Algerie will always serve you a drink and a close an eye to your baggage allowance which is good. But service is nondescript and like many airlines of North Africa when there is a problem there is nobody to speak to and nobody is responsible for anything. So when flying them have lots of time on your hand patience and a good book. Their prices are usually good especially for domestic flights. Would fly them again but as I said it is nothing memorable.
 Absolutely terrible customer service. The worst customer service I have ever experienced. I arrived two hours before my flight last of the day and they had already abandoned the check in booth. The neighboring companies attempted to call them to come back for me but there was no answer to their paging. I then called the customer service line. I was treated with disrespect. The customer service can do nothing at all to help you and informed me I was late to my fight and had missed it and my money was just gone. I requested a spot on the next available flight and even offered to pay full price if they could still honor my charges for my bag and my meals. They said the only thing that they were able to do was refund me $40 in taxes. They openly admitted the flight had open seats but they were greyed out and couldnt be filled. I have been sitting in JFK for 9 hours now. WOW air will not do anything. Will never be booking with this company again.
  Brunei to Singapore. Misleading and poor service. I purchased an economy ticket. A week before my flight, i received an email if i would like to purchase an upgrade. Hence, after reviewing i made an offer with few hundred dollars. Couple of days later, they accepted my offer and charged to my card. My check in flight went smoothly, and proceed to departure gate. I was holding a Business Class boarding card, so i went to the Business Class lounge at the departure hall, after entering the lounge, a receptionist looks very reluctant and I ask her if I can visit the lounge with my upgraded ticket, without any hesitation, she answer very rudely and say No. So I ask her again if my frequent flyer Silver can be used here, she just said I have to pay. So, i have to walk away embarrassingly with other real business class pax behind me. After security check, i proceed to the aircraft, i was given a window business class seat, but I was surprising to find out, this is not the kind of business class seat i paid for. I was offered a larger and much comfort with longer leg room seat on my email  with pic shown , but they have not mentioned the business class seat picture was taken from a B787 aircraft.the sector flown was an A320 aircraft. The business class seat was smaller, when front pax seat reclined and its not a flat bed as advertised , it took out much of my forward space and I have to consistently adjust my IFE when the seat in front make any movements. The service was not that expected on a business class level, the crew did not address the name of the pax, drink service only once offered, special meal request not mentioned but to serve directly to me. when meal served, did not ask pax if drinks need to top up or offered. overall, not the type of the business class level  service that i was expected. Imagine if i was paying a full business class fare, this would have been not worth it!
  Hong Kong to Kansai. This was my first time to fly with Jetstar from HKG to KIX on 1 July 2018 flight GK 064 and from KIX to HKG flight GK 063. I was satisfied with the ontime departures and arrivals. The inflight services were efficient. Flight attendants were polite and professional. I will choose Jetstar again in the future.
  Has your flight been cancelled by Aeroflot themselves? Forget about your money back. You will never see them. Im waiting for a refund for last 2.5 years! 
 I traveled from Kuala Lumpur to the Gold Coast on a rather full Air Asia X flight. I was able to sleep a little bit on the flight. I will fly them again.
  Johannesburg to Lusaka. To be fair, most of the time SAA flights are above average. This time round was not one of them. My Qatar Airways flight was delayed in Doha, I spent over two hours on my mobile trying to change my flight for the next day, cant wait to see the bill, and nothing was resolved. I spoke to four different people, each time having to start at the beginning of my story, only to be told I have to visit an SAA office. Pretty hard when you are in Doha and they dont have an office there. At the end it cost me the same price as the ticket to have it changed once I got to Johannesburg airport. Once on board we taxied to the runway only to turn back and park for close on three hours due to a technical fault  we were not allowed to disembark. As I said, to be fair, this is the first delay I have encountered after 40 or so flights.
  Berlin to Chicago. Pretty basic and tired business class product. Terminal at Tegel is little more than a hangar and theres no lounge. You do get a 15 euro voucher for food but that doesnt go very far. You have to walk to the plane. Its not far but it wouldnt have been pleasant if it was raining. Plane was a bit tired, food was adequate and entertainment was ok. Also flew with them economy from Copenhagen to Berlin. Both flights were part of a round the world trip so not sure how they compare cost wise. Suspect they are relatively cheap compared to others. In two minds as to whether Id fly them again.
  In both inbound and outbound flight Malaysia Airlines was delayed, I missed my connection flight to my final destination. They dont have customer service in Doha, just a small transit office near A1 gate. Staff are not nice, not so supportive.
  Kuwait to Bangkok via Bahrain in March 2019Business Class and was really impressed with their fantastic Boeing 7879 Bahrain  Bangkok , though there were some poor service issues. I compromised it with the marvelous window seat of the B7879 with the super privacy. Last month when I decided to fly in the same sector, I got a good deal on Gulf Air Business Class, same sector  same aircraft. This time what I noticed much was the Cabin Crew services has improved much better than the earlier flight but the food need to be improved. The Passenger announcement made was with crystal clear voice.
  We bought return tickets in early March 2018, flying from Kuala Lumpur to Osaka in end October 2018. There were 2 cancellations made by AirAsia without notice. Both had no notice or email given until we noticed the changes ourselves when we were surfing the website to purchase addon. The 1st cancellation was made somewhere in June to early July, original flight to Osaka cancelled and they moved it to 2 days later than the original. We filed complaints through email and Twitter, and expressed our dissatisfaction on the cancellation and changes without notice immediately, and request for flight change as the date is not preferable. Entitled for free reschedule, we moved the date to early November. The 2nd cancellation was made soon after the reschedule done in early July till early August, same scenario as previous, no notification! We noticed the changes ourselves in the website, filed another complaint through Twitter, and the only thing we can do is either get a refund or free reschedule. Nothing else. Noticed there were complaints about the delays and difficulties in getting the refund from Airasia, we decided to make another flight reschedule to late November. Our departure flight now is 2am on 24 November tomorrow. And this early morning today we received an email informing us that there will be a delay in our flight for 2 hours. We are now so frustrated and yet worried there will be another delay in the flight later. Another note, the response from Airasias customer care or support team is very disappointing. Response received from Twitter somewhat acceptable, which they took about 5 hours to 1 day to reply, but as long as you have decided the date to reschedule to, they somehow managed to get it done quickly. However, there was no response from our email complaints about the first cancellation that we made in midJuly, until endAugust where we have already made our second reschedule in midAugust after the second cancellation without notice. And the email was only reflecting the first cancellation and first reschedule that we made in July. Soon after the email, Cancellation Notice was sent to my inbox to notify the first cancellation, after 2 months, and it wasnt even valid at that time anymore.
CPTJNBCPT economy. I booked 3 days before departure for a quick return trip. I would have travelled SAA in preference to the other carriers but after booking I compared prices between SAA and the four other domestic carriers and comparing similar timings SAA was the least expensive ZAR 1565 admittedly not by much but so much for low cost carriers. When I saw the long check in queues for the other carriers at CTIA I was even happier to have booked SAA simply drew my boarding card after checking in online and sauntered to the boarding gate. Flights were punctual lots of information from the flight deck cabin crew attentive and friendly modern clean aircraft and decent seat pitch.
  Food came so late, drinks too.  No pillows were available. FA explained that they forgot to load them in Bahrain. Toilets were dirty. My food was disgusting, and items missing, like water.
We booked a ticket with Czech Airlines from Dubai to Prague and we were told we will fly with SmartWings.  The ticket price was too hard to refuse so we went for it, the website was a bit confusing on luggage and foodentertainment. Great check in service and aircraft, wonderful crew and service. There was warm food, drinks, some Czech movies on small drop down cabin screen and an on time experience. Highly recommend the airline.
Started flying regularly from SOULBA following FlyBes withdrawal of the route. Never thought I would say it but bring back Flybe! The timetable appears to just be general guidance and not something they worry about too much fares are extortionate cant take hand baggage on board planes shabby and noisy. Have given up and started to use the train.
  Flew London Heathrow to Zagreb with Croatia Airlines. The flight was delayed due to late arrival of the plane at Heathrow. However, their boarding process was quite efficient. The ground staff were well organized. The plane seemed to be showing its age but still clean enough. It was a 2 hour flight so no meal, they had only snacks but the olives and cheese were pretty good. They were also generous with the free drinks. Zagreb is small airport so we had to use bus to reach the arrival gates. It was good value for the money.
 The staff is rude and outright disrespectful. Despite paying for seats they will move you and act like you were the problem when you are upset to be moved from a seat you paid for. The staff is extremely rude and condescending and your better off just booking a higher priced airline ticket because after all the fees and the combined on board headache you mine as well
  First time flying Asiana. I used 140,000 miles from My UnitedChase credit card to get this flight. Though not my first time flying First Class it was my first time flying in a private suite. From the check to the exiting at Seoul Incheon everything was so perfect. My seat was huge and super comfortable. Meals service began with a couple of glasses of Winston Churchill Champagne and a delightful serving of caviar. The man in course wS a five or six dish Korean meal  bibim bap. I had a glass or two of an excellent Bordeaux  they were small glasses. Dessert was served and I had some lovely vintage port. I must add the table was set with white cloth and red rose. The table was huge with ample room for all the utensils and plates. The service from the flight attendant was just lovely  attentive without being over servile. The provided pajamas and the amenities were of the highest quality. The bed was super comfortable and very easy to sleep in.  Best flight of my life.
  We were very impressed with Korean Air. We travelled business class. The staff were extremely courteous, friendly and helpful. The food was good and the fully flat layback seats and seating area had all of the essentials. Some of the entertainment options were a bit limited, but we didnt mind as just like to relax and read. If I was going to be really picky I could say the seatsbed could be softer. However, the staff more than make up for any small issues. I would definitely travel Korean Air again.
 London to Sydney via Abu Dhabi. Avoid this horrific company at all costs. Booked tickets to my grandmothers memorial in March in England. Come time to return from London and at the airport, the customer service assistant tells me there might not be a seat for me. I ask her to clarify as I have family in London and would rather stay there than in Abu Dhabi as I am alone. She doesnt respond and I make it on the plane. Confusing woman. None the less I got on the plane and arrive in Abu Dhabi, wait at the gate for 3 hours for my connecting flight, and within the final 5 minutes they tell me I am unable to board the flight as it was over booked. The horrible man at customer service offered me a ticket TWO DAYS LATER. I vehemently denied this. Next flight was 14 hours later with a stop off to Melbourne. Ive missed the entire day of work. You cannot be serious that a long haul flight over books. Thats just atrocious and money hungry  shame on this airline. Never before experienced such hideous, appalling customer service or lack of accountability from a company. Not a sorry in sight and all of their workers seem to act as if it is their first day  no one has a clue what they are doing. Its the strangest experience. They gave me a voucher for a meal which could only be used at Burger King or a random Curry House which understandably doesnt seem appealing before travelling for 14 hours. The voucher didnt even buy a coffee. What on earth! They also gave me a $300 USD voucher for my troubles. Went in the trash straight away. Never had such a terrible experience and would NEVER recommend to anyone. Shameful and an embarrassment to their country.
  Absolutely horrible! Worst flight weve ever had, and weve flown to 6 continents and over 20 countries on dozens or airlines. The cabin staff was rude and unaccommodating. The food was poor at best, and mostly inedible. They delayedmisplaced one of our checkin bags, the one that had our house keys in it. It was our fault to leave our keys in a checked in bag, trusting the bag would make it to our final destination. But it was almost 24 hours until our bag was returned. We spent the night in a hotel near our house until someone could let us in the next day. Delta is the only airline in my entire history of flying which has lost my luggage .. twice now. They also removed and discarded all of our personal luggage tags. We have no idea why they would do this. Also, on our initial Comfort Plus flight out of the country to London, they cancelled my ticket when I stated I was having a slight allergic reaction to something. This is understandable. But they would not let me fly again without a doctors note stating I could do so. The next day when we tried to book another flight, they charged us an additional $700 each and placed us in the back of Economy. No Comfort Plus seats, which wed paid for. With the additional $700, this made our tickets $1700 each, one way. Do not fly this airline. Its not worth whatever price savings you may receive.
FNCLPAFNC. Again perfect service very professional and attentive flight attendants however not overly friendly. Having a small bread with cheese plus their traditional dried fruit is a nice touch. Planes are ATR though the flights are very comfortable and not too much noisier than Airbus.
  First the app of EVA Air is quite good. I am ANA member but could use with no problem and register my ANA card. You can check all in app and choose your menu in advance. The Japanese menu from Tokyo was quite good. Staff is really attentive. Food is great. Taipei to Paris Flight is older, still full flat bed, but food is good and staff is attentive. Maybe need more option between the 2 meal as it is a 15h flight. For both flight wine was great. I recommend this airline base on price and quality.
  I was pleasantly surprised and satisfied with this journey with China Southern Airlines from Guangzhou on 19,April. They tried their best to find my lost visa documents in time, and help me to get my plane smoothly. The attendants on board are very welcoming and the facilities on plane is quite new. We landed on time without delays.
Flight out of Heathrow was in economy flight nowhere near full so had 3 seats to myself food surprisingly top quality but service lacked friendliness. Cabin was shabby and in need of refurbishment! Pilots made no announcements. Flight back to Heathrow I was upgraded to business class without asking. The seat was obviously bigger but lacked the foot extension you get with Emirates business class the seat was also in need of replacement due to shabby arm rests. Service on return flight was very good flight attendants friendly and spoke fluent English. Food plentiful and a choice of three dishes also provided with a flight pack pillow and blanket. All in all flight home was great because of the comfy seat that allows some chance of sleep. My biggest gripe is after checking the web for info on the 757200 the aircraft is around 20 years quite old but the planes look it.
Gatwick to Dalaman  a typical no frills airline. The worst part of the process is checking in  the queues at Gatwick were ridiculous. We arrived 2 hours before the flight and by the time we had checked in and got through the long security queues our flight was on the last call. The flight was okay and I felt safe enough with Onur although the plane did look pretty old and the legroom was probably the worst I have ever had. The staff were friendly enough but ours was a night flight leaving at 10.25 pm and they didnt ever turn the lights out so if you want any sleep on a flight dont fly Onur!
  Thank you for the wonderful inflight experience we had during our flight from Zagreb to Dubai via Doha. This holiday I got to experience 3 popular middle Eastern Airways Etihad  Emirates includes. I must confess the openness and welcome my wife  I felt at Qatar Airways is unparallel to any other. Middle of the night when I went to use the washroom inflight crew with a long smile, simply asked if I need anything, probably some midnight snack or drink, Own me Over that was unexpected. I never saw them without a smile on their face during the entire flight of 6 hours. Specially I want to narrate this incident. I had some liquid items which I bought from Zagreb Airport, a Dutyfree store. At Doha transit security when I explained the situation with proper receiptsbills, they were kind enough to call Qatar Airways staff who arranged special packaging and did all the security procedures to get that in the checkin baggage. All that they managed to do, when my flight had only 1520 mins left for boarding.  We could be nothing more than, offering our gratitude and thank you for going above and beyond. 
Appalling customer service. We fly all over the world and had booked our business class flights via Sao Paulo however one leg of the journey was in economy as there was no availability of business class. On advice of the airline we booked a seat with extra leg room and made the payment. A few weeks later we were told those seats may no longer be available and they would not be able to tell us until the actual day of the journey. Moreover we would not be automatically be reimbursed unless requested. It is unbelievable that you do not get an automatic pay back where a service is not offered by the company I am horrified at the lack of professionalism.
  I cannot express how insanely unprofessional these people are.  I booked my flight a month in advance and, having been stranded at OHare before, I made sure to get there hours early to ensure there was no possibility Id miss this flight. I got a boarding pass, but became suspicious when everyone else on the flight there were only 8 passengers was called to weigh carryon luggage and I was not. When I asked at the gate, I was informed that the flight was full and there was a problem with my ticket, that for some reason, I was showing up as flying standby. Nope. The person at the counter repeatedly asked if I was with Dan or Dans girlfriend. When I said no, but asked how I could have been issued a boarding pass if the plane was full, I got a shrug. Refusing to give up my seat, the flight was continually delayed until hours later, they told us there were mechanical issues and then bad weather and that we should all plan to be back at 530 AM the next morning to depart. Of course, some people wanted refunds and some of us were out $250 for hotel rooms Boutique says theyll reimburse up to $100, but that remains to be seen. The next morning, those of us who still wanted to fly were there at 530, but again, delayed  no communication from Boutique, just no one present at the gate. Finally, a staff person showed up around 8 AM and as inconvenienced passengers complained about the delay, one woman, who had not been scheduled to fly the night before, laughed and said, Well, it definitely wont leave without us. I have the pilots coffee! Why is that relevant? Because a plane full of people were delayed for over 12 hours, paying for food and lodging in Chicago, because the pilot wanted his girlfriend on the flight. With a full plane, there wasnt room for her as a passenger on the manifest until the inconvenience persuaded some people to go with alternative transportation. Once we boarded the plane, she sat in the cockpit with him for the duration. Unbelievable. Never again. Which works, actually, because they no longer serve my local airport after their door opened on takeoff leaving Minneapolis earlier this year. So much for that flawless safety record.
  Business Class from Kuwait to Chennai via Bahrain. KuwaitBahrain of short duration and not much to experience, though it provided options for flat bed. Bahrain  Chennai Flight. A320 Neo air has Bucket Seat in Business Class. Food I had ordered for AVML but it started with an unimpressive salad with some other odd item. I asked for some Fruits in lieu of the food, for which i was given a small cup with 4 slices of some fruits. Customer Service Pathetic would be the right word as the crew was not at all bothered about the customers at all. They never asked me if i need something else and when i asked for cookies, they didnt have any. One small bottle of water was all that was provided during the entire journey. While i was attempting to sleep, the cabincrew was busy chatting. 
  Venice to Dubai 12 November. Check in very good at Marco Polo Airport. Some one in Emirates uniform directing passengers. At check in the staff not wearing Emirates uniform but excellent customer service and said she would check if once we arrived in Australia she could give us boarding pass for our Qantas connection in Brisbane for final destination but was not able. Later at boarding gate called over and received Boarding pass for final onward journey. The flight to Dubai was good, Allocated twin seats which booked and paid for and Excellent Gluten free meal served early. Cabin crew came around with water and soft drinks between meals and we arrived safely in Dubai for onward connection to Brisbane.
  Kuala Lumpur to Sydney. Why bother with self service to speed up the process to then have only 2 counters for document verification? The queue is long and slow. If you have done so much to speed things up why let this final process to taint the effectiveness and efficiency? I always fly AirAsia. It is economy airline and they have done well on a lot of fronts and to come this far itself is an amazing achievement. I am just very curious why this decision and this process?
  Kuala Lumpur to Da Nang. My experience was shocking from start to finish .. booking our flights online and then not having the option to add luggage we was flying the next day so we decided to do it inside the airport. We queue for 1 hour to check in to then be told we have to pay £352 for two bags weighing 22kg each for each kg was £8 for me  shocking behaviour. We then had to go queue to pay for baggage the lady wasnt any help and just wanted us to pay. We had no choice but to pay. Tried to explain that there was no option online for baggage but the lady was rude and didnt respond after we payed. £352 pound for a 2 hour flight for baggage is an absolute joke.
 Copenhagen to Tehran with Mahan Air. I used to travel with low cost carries like Pegasus and Norwegian and Air Asia. Im a small size person but still had problem with the seats as they are very closed and small. The trip with Mahan Air from Copenhagen to Tehran was a great experience. The seats are very large and comfortable and the distance between seats are also good enough to be comfortable during long distance flights. Also, my one year old girl had bassinet which made the flight very nice.
  I flew from Phnom Penh to Singapore on SilkAir and it was all around great. The staff were friendly. One positive thing about is its seats, they feel soft and amazing legroom, and the food was very tasty. I had a tomato pasta with fish and it tasted very decent. Also the flight entertainment was enjoyable. The flight was very smooth and relaxing. I would recommend it.
  Vancouver to Delhi via Taipei. My flight from Vancouver to Taipei was smooth, the service was good though the food in Business Class was just ok. A350 is a good aircraft. However, the plane on TaipeiDelhi route was old and the seats were not that comfortable. Moreover, the lounge at Taipei was undergoing some renovations and there was a notice to contact ground staff for a voucher. The ground staff was not available in that part of the terminal and showed up 45 minutes before departure. On both my inbound and outbound travels, they had no idea about any such offer nor did they offer anything or apologize for not being able to provide lounge to business class traveler. For that reason alone, I will avoid traveling with China Airlines again.
  SA Express has a direct flight from Harare to Durban and back. As I want to avoid transfer in Johannesburg, I am willing to pay the extra costs. SA Express however canceled the flight from Durban and therefore I could not use the direct flight from Harare to Durban but was put on a South African Airways flight via Johannesburg. This was very frustrating as I had to cancel the appointment I had we arrived 5 hours after original scheduled time. So while I paid the premium for a direct flight I ended up spending even more time for a flight that would have saved me and my family hundreds of USD. After I finally got a case number about my query on 8 November I have never heard from SA Express.
  I booked a changeable ticket with this airline for my daughter on a 4 leg return ticket. When I sought to change the first leg the change fee was exorbitant. I checked to see how much buying a new ticket for this first leg would be and for the same class of ticket it was less than half of the requested change fee. I then spoke to their customer services who agreed it would be ok that I did this and they would just suspend the first leg of the original ticket leaving the remainder of the ticket available for use. When I came to check in for the second leg I found that they had cancelled the whole ticket. I phoned again and they said I could pay a fee of 250EUR to cover what they now claimed was a noshow and I could then use the rest of the ticket. However, they then said there were no seats available. I then booked separately a ticket for the same flight and when my daughter boarded we found the flight to be over half empty. When I later sought a refund they refused. I would not recommend this airline to anyone and will avoid from now on.
  Very good flight, excellent crew on board, as was the food and drink. My only gripe is the business class seats could do with an update, but they are comfortable none the less.
KBPOTP. Sandwiches and drinks served even a local wine although the flight is just over 1 hour departurelanding on time check in chaotic in Kiev Embraer 145 looked in good condition but seats are pretty cramped. If you have mediumlarge size handbag they will ask to load it in the plane as the overhead compartments are small they will give you back to you in the tarmac so no need to wait at the luggage belt crew was young but not that smiley. Good experience overall.
  I was impressed with everything about my flight. Premium seat was spacious and comfortable and with the cabin half empty there was plenty of room to spread out. Meals were excellent quality for airline food. Got plenty of sleep. Very happy.
They have a new policy that no seat must be left empty yet their planes have rows of 3 seats. So if you are travelling with a group of 2 you are not allowed to sit next together as long as there are free single places or you are willing to pay 100 euros extra. There is nothing premium about their premium class. Unfortunately if you are flying from The Netherlands you have no other option for most tourist locations.
Terrible experience with Iberia Express from Copenhagen to Madrid. Rubbish seat selection  a middle seat. Crew were mediocre at best, and that is being more generous than merited. The air hostess tore my carryon bag out of my hand at shoved it into a random compartment without even bothering to tell me where it was. I had to wait for the rest of the passengers to alight before being able to find it. They had the nerve to charge 2 euros for a drink of water on a threehour flight.
I flew from Jersey to Alderney via Guernsey and experienced delays. Not really a problem as had been warned by telephone of the delay in Guernsey and the fact that it happened in Jersey was immaterial. Everyone was perfectly friendly and civilised. However a few days later I flew from Alderney to Gatwick via Guernsey and while the flight was fine and everything on time I found the ground and cabin staff to be offhand at the very least and was made to feel as if I was an idiot when I undid my seatbelt to pay for my drink and when I asked for information on arrival in Guernsey. I really think that as a small airline if they want to attract customers they should give their staff better training in their general approach. Just a smile and a pleasant way of speaking would be an improvement on a sigh and a grimace.
  I arrived at 5am, an hour and 15 min before gate closing. We mentioned this to the staff who seemed on oblivious. 50 minutes in line only to be told they wont let us board. We did not need to deposit bags just pick up our boarding pass. This is now 10 to 6. The monitor showed they are still boarding and terminal one in Schiphol isnt big. No one gave us warnings even tho they claimed they did.  Meanwhile the screens still say boarding. We walk over to customer service, they were telling us we cant board we can clearly see calls for boarding than final call. Easy could have made. Worst case scenario we wont get it and I still have to buy a second ticket. Which we did but not by them cuz they said they they didnt have any but we found tickets tickets cheaper on another site for way cheaper. I paid 330 euro one way. This cost me 200 for me and my gf. It also wasted our day of our life The counter ladies were seven more rude. Not attempting to help us and even laughing at us and talking down at us like children. While Transavia is a budget airline I never felt this frustrated at the lack of effort and empathy to help its clients.
  My family and I flew with Air Canada just two days ago from Sydney to Boston, with two layovers in Vancouver and Montreal.  Our flights were delayed, particularly the Montreal to Boston which was delayed by around 2 hours making the wait 6 hours and the food was not exactly appetising either  which isnt even the important part. The main thing I really wanted to complain about was how badly they handled our luggage. After our 24 hours of travelling, after arriving in Boston, the last thing I wanted was for us to find out, how our luggage had been stuck in Montreal. And we werent the only ones  half the passengers on this same flight were also in the same situation. We ended up having to leave the airport with nothing other than our carryons which did not hold much and simply had to wait for our luggage to be delivered, hopefully early morning the next day, as they told us. However, even that would not be the case. Our luggage was told to arrive that following morning, yet it did not. We had absolutely nothing and thus our initial personal schedule was pushed back and we could not do the plans we had made. They had delayed our luggage delivery saying that it would get to our door anytime before 7PM. And so we just waited. Until they told us that it would come at 8PM. We waited once again. Later we called them to find out that they could not even contact the delivery people who were supposed to be delivering it, which we found extremely unprofessional. And just as a further note, our suitcases were apparently at Boston since that morning, yet they failed to do the simple job of delivering it at the expected time they had informed us with. Not only that, they must have left our suitcases in the pouring rain as even when we did receive our hard case suitcases, half our clothes and items were very wet and soggy which added onto how annoying this situation already was. They did not compensate, no nothing. I will not be traveling with this airline again in the future.
  Flew with Lao Airlines from Hanoi to Vientiane in their A320. The aircraft is starting to show its age. They have a PTV installed at each seat but it was not working. No sign of the PTV controller to be seen too. Servicewise, the whole crew was very young and all of them were very friendly and efficient. A simple snack box consisting of a sandwich and water was distributed followed by a drink round. The seat was okay and everything was good for this short flight of 50 minutes.
  I took a return flight from Huatulco to Mexico City and back. On the way the flight was an hour late. Volaris were still claiming it was on time 40 minutes after our departure time and the inbound flight hadnt arrived. Once we landed in CDMX it took more than 30 mins to get off the plane I was in row 33. The return flight should have left at 15.38. At 5pm they were still saying it was leaving at 4.30pm. From the first passenger boarding to closing the doors was over 40 mins. When we arrived in Huatulco one a a half hours late it took more than 30 mins to disembark again. Not once on either journey did Volaris apologise for the delays.
  I have travelled with Alitalia for more than 20 years, and though out this time quality of service and employees attitude has been going up and down. In the last three trips however I experienced the worst possible service on both sides. Old plane flying the intercontinental route low cost type of searing, front and back seats broken. Poor food quality as well as entertainment. The attitude of the crew was terrible. You can manage one person with a bad day, but when three or four through the journey are unnecessarily unpleasant. I really wish I had more options to fly out of Miami.
Central Asian carrier on which I flew five segments in November 2006. Beijing PEK to Ashgabat ASB and back a oneway flight from Mary MYP to Ashgabat and a roundtrip between Ashgabat and the northern town of Dashoguz TAZ. All flights were on Boeings with 757s on the international legs and 717s domestically. The pilots were allegedly Westerntrained and looked Russian but none said a word during my five flights. The planes werent bad. The seats were maintained and the cabins were clean. There were other signs that this wasnt the Delta Shuttle. The bulkhead wall at the front of each cabin bore a framed photograph of the President For Life. Many passengers paid no heed to any rules about seatbelts or cabin movement. Boarding the plane was all pushing and shoving and the old ladies had the best moves. Aside from a flight map on the 757s there was no inflight entertainment. The food was standard airline grub and flight attendants were reasonably diligent if unenthusiastic about serving drinks and responding to the call button which the passengers pushed without hesitation. There was no inflight magazine. Luggage limits were nonexistent but in a country where almost everything has to be imported I was sympathetic. The space on my flight was so oversubscribed that three trucks of baggage were left behind. The stranded bags were to arrive on the next flight with room. Turkmenistan Airlines has no web site. It has no frequent flyer program that I could discern and is not part of any alliance. It serves the major cities in Turkmenistan in the sense that it connects them to Ashgabat. The foreign destinations include London Beijing Moscow Bangkok and Istanbul. Flights through Ashgabat are cheap flights to Ashgabat are expensive. Turkmenistan Airlines is cut rate transportation which isnt so bad if your expectations are low.
 Dirty old aircraft, extremely uncomfortable despite having an entire row to myself due to the seat design. Cabin crew friendly enough but did nothing to enforce covid regulations. I was seated opposite a customer with her unmasked nose on display and it remained like that for the rest of the flight. She wasnt the only one and cabin crew said nothing to anyone. They spent most of the flight hiding behind a curtain. The aircraft was also disgustingly dirty and had obviously been in this state for some time. Transavia also refuse to take cash which means you need to have a card they accept to buy any of their low quality, overpriced refreshments. They also made some weird announcement about people not being able to take pictures or video onboard. Obviously an attempt to cover up their lack of cleanliness and safety.
  Lisbon to Torino. The flight was delayed 20 minutes, but the ground staff kept us informed of updates. The seats were OK, and sandwiches  drinks provided were good. What made this trip awesome was the cabin staff service. One staff even made some coffee just for my family when we asked for some. If other staff are half as good, the human touch will easily make up for other, sometimes systemic, low cost carrier shortcomings.
 I was on a flight from Korea to Tel Aviv via Warsaw. A few hours before departure, I received a text message saying that the flight was delayed for 1 hour and 55 minutes, and as a result, I missed my second flight and ended up spending more than 8 hours in Warsaw. My fellow passengers and I were disabled people who use wheelchair services and suffered a lot.
  Recently Ryanairs system decided that Im a BOT and every time I book a flight since then they force me to pay extra for an online verification. Not only this, this online verification never works and causes a lot of stress. I sent a million of emails to them to resolve, none of which have ever been answered. I went to their customer service at the airport, they obviously had no idea what to do. I called the central customer service, the lady hang up on me. I have no words. This is the worst customer relation I can possibly imagine. Avoid flying with them if you possibly can.
LHRSEZLHR Economy. Quite simply the worst flights ever. The plane did not offer the level of comfort we have come to expect from other airlines on long haul flights. Seats are uncomfortable and cramped and could do with reupholstering. IFE is of the old fashioned type with screens in the middle of the cabin. Film choice limited. We were sitting in window seats and because of the angle the screen took on a greenyellow hue. The cabin crew were bordering on hostile both legs and passengers were made to feel like they were an inconvenience. On the return leg one member of the cabin crew dropped a full food tray onto a passenger. She did not say anything at all to him and offered no apology but she did go and get him some tissues for him to clean up.  The outgoing flight was nearly full but the staff managed to put all their belongings onto the back 2 rows that were unoccupied so that they could spread out when they took a break. Passengers were told that they could not use these seats. The staff had a major attitude problem on both legs. The food was virtually inedible. Customer services at Mahe  made a point of visiting the Air Seychelles customer services office to complain about the outgoing flight. On the 3 occasions we visited the office was empty. When we did finally manage to speak a representative they listened to our complaint nodded a lot never offered an apology. The day before we flew home we managed to speak to another Air Seychelles rep who was able to move our seats to the centre aisle and block off the spare seat to give us a little more space which is what we had asked for and was a satisfactory outcome. Still no apology though. They handed out customer satisfaction questionnaires on the return leg. I cant think that they had many favourable reviews judging from what the passengers around us were saying as well. Never again! Not a great start or end to our holiday in a beautiful country. Wed go to the Seychelles again but not with Air Seychelles.
  Mumbai to Amsterdam. Worst airline ever. I flight to Delhi on April 6th, plane was dirty, old, food basic. No entertaiment on board. What is more on the way back the flight was cancelled and I needed to wait in Mumbai for two days. Now it is not possible to get any refund from the airline as the ticket was bought via company in Europe. If they ever start to operate again do not buy tickets from that airline.
Omsk to Moscow in Premium Economy. Check in unfriendly and wanted me to pay excess on 2 kg solved by moving some books to carry on. Not given a choice of seat at check in. Food and drinks OK. Seats normal economy class and rather worn but with good extra legroom. Check in and hostesses did not speak any English. Premium Economy I would rate as normal economy 3Star airline service. Well below the standard of other Premium Economy.
  I used to love flying with United but this will be the last time I use them. Ill fly American over them! They try to nickle and dime you to the extreme, andnot family friendly at all. Customer service wasnt any better, disgusted all around.
  Stockholm to Luxembourg. Definitely old school but in an excellent way. Even in economy you got offered a choice of a cheese salad or salami sandwich and champagnedrinks. Service was excellent from check in through on board service. My only quibble that as a member of Star Alliance, Luxair should be able to credit my points through SAS. However, despite the check in clerk trying his best youre stuck with Lufthansas Miles and More program. The 2 hour 30 minute flight on a commuter prop plane Q400 is probably stretching the envelope in terms of comfort but the stewards did everything to make your life pleasant, prices are good if all your legs are with Luxair. They go up steeply if you have to take a connecting flight with another Star Alliance member. A nice touch is the meet your luggage at the steps of the aircraft mandatory for an aircraft this size. Expect to be bussed into the terminal for the turbo props at Luxembourg Airport.
Seats are showing some wear and tear. Torn at points and armrest cover hinges feel stuck at times. The entertainment controls on the armrest are wornout yet still functional. Adjustment of seats they lack sufficient recline. Controls are placed at hip level inside the chair so poorly accessible. Putting 2 pillows under your feet to raise them makes it better but raising the feet with a pillow will put your toes up against the back of the reclined seat in front of you. I deliberately chose a middle section seat this allows you to always exit without climbing over or being climbed over. The seat rows are that close together that undisturbed passing is impossible. The lumber supports do not work on this flight. Flight entertainment system is Archaic. You dont have the option of starting your movie on demand. The quality of the LCD screen is best described as a snowy CRT up close. The movies continue during PA announcements and since all are continuously playing there is no chance of rewinding. There are no air vents above the seat only general air conditioning. No power output in business class. This is consistent with the age of the seats. Sufficiently equipped courtesy pouch with toothbrush and paste eye covers ear plugs and socks. Headphones supplied are comfortable for the first couple of hours. There was simply no noise cancellation. Service is attentive and correct although the personal touch was missing the second flight. Timely serving and offering of drinks.
  Legroom in Economy was below minimum. With the Backrest in front of you at the back position you cannot eat or have a tablet on the table.  The seat becomes uncomfortable after 34 hours. One snack vegan Wrap and one Meal vegetarian Pasta or Chicken with couscous was served  Taste was ok. Wine was offered free of charge. Crew was not very friendly. Infotainment was good. Lot of movies to decide and an USBSocket. 
  On my flight from Berlin to Malta Valetta I had a boarding card for the seat 2F issued by Air Malta. At the time of embarking on the ground staff checked and accepted my boarding card. When I sat down I realized that this seat is bigger than the others so I was happy. The stewardessess checked 3 times my boarding card and gave me back saying OK. At fourth time another steward asked my boarding card and said this is an error and I have to go to row 23 but she did not give me a new boarding card. She said that the plane was reorganized and row 2 was in fact Business Class, and I had an economy class ticket. After I was reseated, nobody was at row 2!
There is no real point in flying Qantas. Ever since Alan Joyce became CEO of this once iconic airline, it has gone bad to worse. You may as well fly budget and purchase cheese and crackers for five dollars. The flight to Cairns is at 8.15pm, takes two and a half hours, arriving in Cairns around 11.15pm. Good flight but catering is awful  took the cold option of chicken and wild rice salad. Chicken cold and stuck together and rice the same. Whoever is in charge of Qantas catering and came up with the idea of boxed meals needs to be sacked. Qantas charges more expensive fares than ever yet lowers its standards. What a shame.
  Tenerife to Lanzarote. The airline cancelled the flight the days before and now Im fighting since nearly four months to get my money back, thats 100 illegal and against the European passenger rights.
 Auckland to Houston. I was excited recently to fly on the much lauded Dreamliner! The food was tasty and enjoyable, the ease of connection to Des Moines, USA was fabulous. But I was so cramped in my seat, it made the journey only just bearable. Im a good flyer, always enjoy it it was so disappointing to find the airline has penny pinched on seat comfort for the bulk of their passengers, the economy class folk. Im a slim 67 kg I dont know how larger people could manage it. It puts me off ever travelling there again.
Dublin  Izmir  Izmir  Dublin. 3rd  17th Aug. Turkish version of Ryanair! Very cramped seating. Hot stuffy plane. Extremely rude cabin crew. Accepted a currency from me for a cup of tea and came back 10 mins later telling me I lied about the currency  sterling issued by The Bank of Ireland apparently isnt accepted. I explained that I only had that money with me  spent the next 2 hours of dirty looks and muttering stuff. Seat covers coming off half the seats. Incoherent announcements on flight heavily accented and sound of speaker was too hard to understand what was being said. Seats tilt back so far that if you dont have your seat tilted back you have about 5 inches to yourself. Food and drink selection poor and price very expensive 4 euro for cup of tea and 3 euro for water. Never again!
 Singapore to Ho Chi Minh City with Tigerair. Flight experience was as expected for a low cost carriers  I chose it as the schedule was more convenient than other options on this route. Have taken Tigerair many times however this was the first time that after checking in and in the queue for passport control I was pulled out if the line by 2 security people had my carry on bag and back pack weighed and learned that you are only allowed to take 10 kg combined weight. I had exactly the same luggage as my inbound leg and had no issue at all but here I was forced to pay $50 to have my bag checked in. Poor experience and lack of transparency by the airline. Why was this not done at the checkin counter? I learned my lessson  never again will use this airline as Im not willing to put up with these kind of schemes and ripoffs.
 Worst possible experience. Its not that the flight was delayed, I get that but it was delayed 7 hours overnight. They would not comp a hotel room, but worst of all I didnt even get any communications that it was delayed. Their customer service is abysmal. First time flying with this carrier. Will never fly with them again. Rather walk.
  Moscow to Saint Petersburg via Minsk. Belavia is not a particularly fancy airline in terms of additional services or features, but it does its job pretty well. All flights were on time, crew very polite, online checkin worked as expected. The planes were not particularly new, but well maintained. The seat comfort could be better, but for short flights it is sufficient.
  Singapore to Cairns. Best descent and landing, however this does not detract from awful experience. 6 hours with no inflight entertainment, cramped seating, appalling food and limited access to facilities which when needed where very unhygienic and unpleasant to use. It was an incredible disappointment having booked with Singapore Airlines to ensure a quality flight from the UK  this truly spoilt it. I would advise folks to avoid this route
  The check process was a shambles  the bag drop system was broken down and the check in desks were moving incredibly slowly. Worst still, when we were finally loaded on the plane they advised us we would going nowhere for an hour as there were delays in Amsterdam. Why load the plane at all?
Just flew from Brussels to Punta Cana with Jetairfly and I have to say the whole experience from booking through checkin inflight meals was outstanding some of the best customer service I have experienced. We upgraded to comfort class as it was only slightly more but well worth the money  drinks kept on flowing the whole trip and the food was good. I would highly recommend this airline and will definitely be using them in the future.
  Flew into Dublin arriving at 6am for our connecting bought ticket flight on Vueling at 140pm! thinking we had TONS of time to check luggage. Dublin airport does not have Permanent desk check in counters for their airlines, they all share desks. So no one with the airline you are flying other than BA and Ryan have desks you can speak to anyone. Was told where Vueling might Be but not until 1030 am, we had no way to check bags early. We stood in line at 915 to ensure we were first in line waiting to see Where Vueling might be. when it tells you counter 11, that means the Entire counter which is really 3 airlines long and shared by all. For our 140 flight, which Vueling recommends 34 hr early check in, one lone lady shows up at 1045 to post the Vueling sign on two monitors! she then says, someone will be here in 10 min to start check in. 35 min later not 10, ONE ladygirl shows up to check in the entire flight! Now being the very first customer we are being checked in at 1130 for a 140 flight, less than their own company recommendation! Being the first customer to check in bags,  they have lost our luggage for a 2hr flight Dublin to Paris. One man at customer service who spoke broken English, filed our claim and told us to call back. We are now 48hrs from our flight and there is no calling. the phone is permanently off hook and busy. we have emailed and gone on Vueling customer service with no response. Because Vueling has super strict online luggage rules, we believed them and put Everything in our paid checked bags.  NO help is anywhere from Vueling. Having to spend money on brand new shower items, make up and at this point, we now have to ruin our holiday more, go shop in Paris for clothing which of course are quite expensive! 
I flew on 20 December 2014 on Bulgaria Air from Vienna to Sofia. Given other reviews about this airline I was concerned about flying BG Air at first and was in the end decently surprised about the flight  My flight was operated by an Airbus A319. The flight attendants were extremely kind and helpful yet spoke below average English. The food on board consisted of an extremely tasty sandwich accompanied by a chocolate as Dessert which was also tasty. Two rounds of drinks were served on this flight. The flight was full and uneventful. The aircraft required better cleaning. Overall Id fly Bulgaria Air again but they really need to improve their services on board as well as other minor products despite their cheap airfares.
Arik Air flight from Lagos to London in economy class on A330. The inflight entertainment worked, although it is not dated. Seat was very comfortable, and the aircraft was nice and clean. Food was good but could have done with larger portions. I have flown with Arik in the past, and of late things seem to be improving.
  We were flying from Ottawa to Florida and lost both of our strollers. We had to pay for rental strollers everyday at Disney and when we came back we submit our claim online  they offer to give us 25 off on our next flight. We refused the offer and asked for money toward our new strollers. They denied our offer and said now you dont get the 25 off either and the case is closed. We flew with air Canada all these years but from now on we will never fly with Air Canada or recommend to anyone anymore.
  Washington to Accra. Im scheduled to fly in September 2020. I havent flown with them yet and Im already having a terrible experience with their customer service. I reschedule my flight amid the covid 19 craze. The guy schedule me on a wrong time. Two days later I found out and try to call to reschedule on the best date. After being on the phone for 45 mins, this agent came up on the phone to tell me about an extra $300 charge for me changing my ticket which is not my fault. This will be the first and the last time I will use this airline. 
  Moscow Sheremetyevo to Simferopol. The flight was rather nice, I had a very tight schedule on arrival so the punctuality of the airline was the most crucial feature I expected. Actually the airline managed to do so  the flight departed and arrived on time. Ground staff was very polite and professional, checkin process and security were fast and efficient. However, the cabin crew was unprofessional  I observed that chief stewardess yelled at an elderly and disabled lady because the latter had blocked the aisle Didnt you hear me? I asked you to keep your place!.This looked totally unacceptable. Food is not provided, only drinking water. The aircraft is new and tidy, however, the seat pitch is too small, OK for a 2h flight, but not for a longer one. Baggage allowance and seat selection is not included in the basic price, so Nordwind should be treated as a semilowcost carrier. However, this time Ive experienced an acceptable service level for a reasonable price.
Jeddah to Riyadh with Flynas, a lowcost airline based in Saudi Arabia. It has all you need from such an airline. Spacious seats, clean aircraft and the flights were on time.
  I wouldnt fly Tway again. They got me there, but that is the only good thing I can say. I flew with them over the busy Lunar New Year weekend and paid a hefty price. I didnt appreciate that their automated phone system kept hanging up on me 2030 minutes into the call. When I eventually connected with someone, no one could speak English, so I had to manage a conversation in limited Korean, which isnt acceptable in my opinion for an airline that serves international markets. Their online checkin system also didnt work which was a huge problem for me since the delay in my train connection didnt leave a lot of time for me to checkin in person. Furthermore, the ground staff only seemed to cater to Korean speakers as all gate announcements were exclusively in Korean and other Japanese and international pax were left to guess what was being said. Moreover, I know that this is a low cost carrier, but the premium price they charged for the flight should of at least provided a free beverage and snack just my opinion. Leg space was also quite subpar. It is clear not much investment has been made to staff training, products and with fostering a service culture that aims to help customers. My bottom line is the airline failed on nearly all accounts in my interactions with them and I wouldnt fly with them again if it could be avoided.
  Seeking nonstop, overthepole flights, we flew economy on our outbound flight to Frankfurt and business on our return to Anchorage. The checkin to boarding process required roughly 2.5 hours before both flights because online checkin did not work, the checkin counters are difficult to find, have long lines, and are located in separate terminals from the departure gates, requiring multiple escalatorselevators and, in Frankfurt, a bus ride to access the plane from the tarmac. After passing through security at the Anchorage airport no services are available so you will not be able to buy even a bottle of water to bring on board. Overall, both flights added roughly 6 hours to the round trip when compared to the multichange flights we have taken on other carriers in the past. Economy class seat are extremely tight an adult over 5.5 feet cannot bend over the access anything placed on the floor in front of your seat. The crew treated us like children, directing us to keep the window blinds closed after takeoff and to sit down if we stood by our seat. Window seat assignments, onboard entertainment using your own headphones, and edible food cost extra totaling an additional $122 per passenger. Business class is more civilized, providing comfortable seats that recline fully, noise cancelling headphones, decent food, a bag of amenities, and free entertainment although the choices are the same as in economy. The crew was efficient and pleasant although they hurried us through food service. Both our outbound and inbound flights had very warm and dry air with no individual seat adjustments that worked. While masks were required on both flights, lots of people were coughing and sneezing regularly throughout both flights.
  London to Denpasar via Medan. The cabin crew were some of the best and you could see why theyve won so many awards. We found the A330 quiet compared to a 777. Te Food was good. The IFE was absolutely shocking in terms of TV. Have had better 20 years ago. Would also question the flat bed. Although it is flat its also angled and thin. Definitely not the comfiest. Would try and choose a different airline next time. When we booked it was direct with 1x2x1 seating but they made us stop and put us in 2x2x2 so wasnt a great start.
  PKUBDO, QG 982 using A320 registration PKGQQ. Was planning to fly from Pekanbaru to Bandung with Air Asia but they stopped their service on that route and have to switch to Citilink  Garuda Indonesia Junior. Citilink is a lowcost subsidiary of Garuda and so during booking have to pay additional for seats and inflight meals but the price is still reasonable, so was able to secure seats in the first row. I was not hoping for much from a low cost carrier but the experience turned out to be quite good. Checkin was quick and with standard baggage allowance per person 20kg  44 at no additional cost. Airplane was brand new Airbus 320 with leather seats. Flight attendants were very courteous and polite, and they were also very helpful. We paid for our meals but turns out for drinks we also have to pay extra on board, and it is cash only. Restrooms were kept clean throughout the trip. Flight deck communication was adequate we were given informations on flight time and altitude before we take off, and arrival time and Bandung weather before we land. Delightfully surprised that their hard and soft products were better than expected for a low cost carrier and if they are as aggressive in their expansion, they can give Air Asia a run for their money. Would use again if coming back to the area, and recommended for people who wants a nofrills flight with good service quality.
  Most dysfunctional airline to date. Pre check in not functional leading to long lines and poor support at airport. Over 90 mins to checkin to airline alone. Dozens of people left without service or luggage support No available customer service or consideration throughout booking process. Flights delayed 5 times, every delay notice coming 20min after scheduled departure. Not worth any discount as once fees for luggage added up, might as well have gone with one of the big three.
  Yahukimo to Jayapura. Flight was about an hour late  quite normal in this remote place. Plane was comfortable enough, with reclining seats and even a box of tea provided, unlike on the sole competitors flights on this route.
  Johor Bahru to Subang. Flight retimed with original schedule at 1810 hours to 1910 hours and now 2100 hours  God knows if we are taking off at 2100 or later. No staff can be seen at the gate to provide proactive update. Other airlines are flying without delay. Malindo is far away from being close to a Low Cost airline service  standard. 
 I have been flying for more then 20 years . This is one of the first flights that sells water in the aircraft. They should find some better ways to earn money then through this inhuman practice. First they ask passengers to empty the water bottle due to security reasons and then they ask for money in the aircraft. There was an inflight service in the Kuala Lumpur to Bali leg, when I asked for headphones, they refused. Why were they providing such services when we could not use it. The staff were also rude and uncourteous. I feel such airlines should be disallowed from operating. 
PEKFNJ on their brandnew Antonov An148. Courteous and professional cabin crew served a lavish hot meal with several different savoury items in little plastic dishes  fish chicken salad plus a main of chicken curry plus dessert bread roll tea cider or beer. Landed on time and formalities to enter North Korea went very quickly. FNJPRK on their Tupolev Tu204100 wasnt as smooth boarding started early but a small hitch checking in a passenger with an oversize bag halted check in for over half an hour while staff dithered. This resulted in a departure an hour late which wasnt made up in the air and I missed my connection to the US necessitating a 24h stay in Beijing. Since I was originally only going to be in transit and not enter China Air Koryos PEK staff had to rebook me before I could enter China which took about an hour. The change fee I incurred on my flight to the US was £300 of which Air Koryo contributed $100. Delays happen but this one was so easily avoided. Will definitely fly Air Koryo again as they are a very interesting airline compared to the competition Air China and have a vastly better onboard product but will be prepared for the odd burst of eccentric behaviour such as this.
  London to Colombo via Kuwait. I had an awful experience flying with KU. Both flights to Colombo via Kuwait City and back to London were delayed, which meant missing my onward connections in Colombo and Kuwait from Delhi. Got no sympathy nor assistance from KU staff at the very poor Kuwait airport. I ended up rebooking my flight at my own expense in Colombo and being rerouted through Cairo to get to London, which added 7 hours to my journey. I received no apology nor compensation from any KU staff. Their customer service was so poor ,with an attitude of passing the buck, just to get rid of you. Twice,I was promised to be met and assisted at the gate, nothing materialized. This airline must be avoided at any cost, Their staff are poorly trained in dealing with delayed flights and service recovery. As a delayed passenger, you are helpless and cant access Kuwait Airways customer service managers because they dont answer their phones. Anything less than a star in your rating?
  Excellent food for an airplane choice. Excellent personnel at the airport. Excellent flight attendants, pleasant and polite which is very far from the standard of American Airlines. JAL pilot also greeted us politely too. In summary, this airline deserves a fivestar review! Continue to be excellent!
  Qantas has gone from best to worst airline in the world. To be avoided at all costs. No customer service whatsoever. Promised to reply to our generous bid for upgrades. No reply. Upon complaining they said we applied for wrong leg of flight. When confronted with evidence, they said flight was full.
  Taipei to Shanghai. EVA Air maintained its high standard on this flight. My seat was very comfortable and had a very large amount of legroom even though it was only a 1h 30min flight. My seat was near to the lavatory, thus it was a bad seat. However, I faced no problem with the proximity but rather, I enjoyed the seat as the 343 configuration became 242 at the end, giving me more space on the aisle. Furthermore, breakfast was great  scrambled egg was delicious. The flight attendants were friendly and helpful as well, giving me drinks I requested for very quickly even though they were very busy. We departed and arrived on time.
  Manila to Los Angeles via Jingdiang  Quingdao. I have never taken the time to write a negative review in my life. Call me old fashioned, but I just do not care enough to complain online for other people to read. I booked a one way return flight on Xiamen a week or so ago from Manila to LAX with two layovers in China. I have flown with China Eastern, China Southern, Air China and China Airlines, so I thought nothing of it. Another pass through China and I would be in Los Angeles for my mothers birthday on the 16th. Upon arriving to the airport 2 hours early and checking in I was notified I could not board my flight because I didnt have proper clearance. I explained to the rep that I had no plans of entering CHINA and would only be passing through. Still not allowed. I explained I had been through China 4 times on layovers and never had an issue. Still not allowed. Long story short it took two hours arguing for the airlines to agree to a 3060 day refund. It turns out Americans cant connect through their layover city so they are selling tickets that are unusable. No compensation. Just blank faced souless stares. Avoid this airline at all costs.
Overall it is a 3 star airline but considering the price for tickets would give it a four star. When I bought the tickets I thought it was budget airline. A three hour flight from Kunming to Nanjing only cost me 45 USD. But aircraft were new and there was free meal. The quality of the food and beverage was average.
I have flown out of Homer 4 times this year to Anchorage and Ravn Alaska was never on time. One time it was so late we missed our connectung flight. This is our only choice in Homer. If you take that flight make your connecting flights a few hours out and expect a delay. Then you wont be dissapointed.
London Gatwick to Puerto Vallarta. Check in at Gatwick a total shambles. Massive queue and waited over an hour. Had arrived 3 hours before the flight but at that time thay were only checking in flights for way before ours. Went to get breakfast and by the time we got back, it was horrendous. Clearly not enough staff for the rush of early morning flights. Boarding was more orderly. Having paid for extra legroom, seat was fairly comfortable and the legroom was good, so worth the money. Food was alright but inadequate portions and only one proper meal on a flight of over 11 hours! They come around flogging over priced snacks half way through the flight, plus mosquito bands which I would say were superfluous as we havent seen a single mozzie the whole time we have been here. Feels like a money making scheme and nothing more, playing on peoples zika fears. IFE a hopelessly poor and small selection, so I have pretty much exhausted all the preferred options on the outbound flight. Crew were reasonably ok and quite efficient. Boeing 787 not as amazing as I was led to believe. Perhaps I didnt feel as jetlagged as I thought I would but the proof of the pudding will be the return overnight flight. If an airline like BA ever decide to start this route, they will have to up their game. At the moment, they have the monopoly. Would recommend Thomson but only because the alternative on this route would involve a change in either the USA or Mexico City which would elongate the journey unnecessarily.
  A very enjoyable flight. Check in was surprisingly easy and the flight left on time. The staff were very friendly and efficient. The food served was very tasty and the drinks served were excellent.
  I booked tickets on Malaysia Airlines app but by mistake. I got last name wrong of one of my parents wrong as per passport so called up to customer service 1520 times to get it correct most of the time they put me on hold and later call dropped every single time I was so frustrated. I have to cancel my tickets and get refund and booked another airline.
I spend at least the half of my time during a 5 day week at different airports. As Luxair has the monopole in Luxembourg alternative flights to Germany Frankfurt Berlin or Munich do not exist and so the choice is not that enormous. Nevertheless I must say that the business class is more than just correct for such a little airline french champagne little delicious sandwiches with salad 4 different wines as choice a sweet cake with cream and before the landing some excellent chocolate from Luxembourg. On the other hand I find the Business Lounge operated by Luxair just great. Compared to the ones in Paris Munich Frankfurt or wherever it has a very special flair a familiar atmosphere. especially the new lounge in the added terminal is modern but I got not the impression of being exposed. On the contrary the Luxairs Fokker 50 have a minimum standard of quality. Its not that they are very old but they are extremely noisy small and the interior is in a bad condition especially the seats. Therefore I always try to avoid them. The new ERJ145 are much more comfortable. They have seats covered in leather offer good space between the seats and the same speed as a Boeing 737. Sometimes in my spare time I fly with Luxair charter flights to various destinations like Las Palmas SharmElSheik Madeira etc and its there where I notice a huge lost of quality on flights  the cold meals are often disgusting and not so easy to define the sandwiches frozen and they stopped offering alcohol such as wine or beer. The cabin crew looks like very tired and is not very friendly and there are still little changes. Result  a very special character of a national inspired airline gets lost and I feel that this is not the end of significant changes especially concerning the service business and economy class!?.
 Most ridiculous service, cant even check in online because of their tie up with air new Zealand doesnt allow to do so. Will never book with them again
9th Nov 2014 Flight KA692 Penang 0800 dep to Hong Kong. Minus points 1 Inflight entertainment appears to lack a bit in terms of content but I am comparing this to Malaysia Airlines longhaul operations. Being a regional airline this may be perfectly acceptable. 2 Food unspectacular. Plus points 1 Friendly and attentive crew. 2 Inflight entertainment user interface is excellent  touchscreen responsive and with a singlehole jack to use your own earphones. General notes My first flight with this airline and a very lastminute booking. I wasnt sure what to expect but was very pleasantly surprised which I probably shouldnt have been given that this airline is 100 Cathay Pacificowned and has been operating since 1985. Quite enjoyable and good value. I would definitely fly with them again and would look forward to doing so.
Hong Kong to Taipei 25 April. I was very impressed with Dragonair. The service was very efficient and polite. The IFE was limited and the food portion was a bit small but quite OK for such a short flight.
  In flight staff are unprofessional and none of the things charging point, entertainment screen, no proper ventilation are working inflight. Airport ground staffs were equally unprofessional! They keep on asking stranded passengers to follow them unknowingly without proper and definitive reasons and explanations. HIGH miscommunication levels between staffs and passengers. Zero empathy and even shouted at passengers for not following their orders. Flights were delayed, cancelled, changed to a new flight, delayed again. A terrible nightmare.
Flew on the new jet from Gatwick to Guernsey and back last Thursday  a trip I often make. New Embraer 195 aircraft is now being used by Aurigny. Flights both ways on time and very quick coming back in the evening from take off to landing was just 31 minutes. That meant a difficult job for the cabin crew to get drinks to everybody in time but theyre obviously used to it and completed the task with a few minutes to spare. As always with Aurigny a great and friendly service only quicker now!
This was a short flight. Just under two hours. Checkin a breeze with many selfservice kiosks. Plane is turboprop. Seats are firm and do not recline. One small toilet at front of plane. Aisle narrow. Overhead storage small. Board and exit from front and rear. This is great for passengers. Also, larger carryon luggage can be placed, at no cost, into luggage storage. This is helpful. Horizon offers free craft beer and wine and serve Starbucks coffee. Cabin crew very personable and efficient. Overall, very satisfied with Horizon and this flight. Will use again.
FRAKIVOTP with Air Moldova. The first leg was operated by an Embraer 190 aircraft. Flight attendants were attentive throughout both flights. On the first leg the meal included a choice between chicken or beef which was fantastic. On the second flight a warm chocolate croissant was offered for the 45minute hop. Second leg was an Embraer 120 aircraft which made the second leg of my trip entertaining. I was impressed by the quality of both flights will fly them again!
  I was incredibly surprised when I was denied boarding on my flight last week from Rome to Zante because I did not include my middle name on the booking. Upon finding this out, Blue Panoramas office to update the ticket with middle name claimed that their machines were down I must say, it was not a good look for their airline and their online reviews have suffered because of it  this would probably explain why their plane was at 40 capacity. I only checked the reviews after this disgusting experience. They claimed I needed to buy a new ticket. To charge the full price for a replacement ticket when my middle name was not even added to the new ticket is quite frankly appalling. The airline also made me buy me new ticket in cash! It is a complete scam and I honestly will throw a party when this airline goes under. I strongly recommend that you do not fly this airline. 
  Santiago de Chile to Buenos Aires. Sky Airline is a low cost airline based in Santiago, Chile. I took a short flight of 2 hours from Santiago to Buenos Aires. The flight departed on time. As a low cost airline, seating is in one class. Leg space was adequate. The crew came around to sell drinks and snacks shortly after takeoff. My overall impression of the airline is that it will get you safely to your destination with no frills.
  Cancun to Kelowna. I cant express my gratitude enough to Sunwing for their humane and generous service during the Corana Virus situation. While everyone we meet where left stranded by their airline Sunwing treated their customers with the outmost care. All services were provided as usual, the staff was conscientious and calm. We boarded our plane without delays and arrived at our hometown airport without a glitch. It will be with Sunwing that I will travel in the future. From the bottom of my heart I thank you.
 Emirates is an airline that tries to maximize the amount of money that it can squeeze out of customers, whilst providing the minimum possible service. I find them far less flexible than other airlines, will apply every penalty they can regardless of circumstance, and will not let customers know of the complimentary services they provide so you end up paying extra. The counter staff are generally unhelpful and impatient, and the cabin crew are less professional and appear less trained than other airlines. Definitely would NOT recommend flying with Emirates to anyone. I will certainly never fly with them again.
  I was supposed to fly on SQ25 to Singapore via Frankfurt. The flight was canceled after we are at the gate for 4 hours past the departure time without any explanation. Being flown with SQ for many times, I suspect this had to do with JFK rather than the airline. However, they should still bear the responsibility for addressing to their customers. We were rebooked to the nonstop SQ23 to Singapore the following day. We ended up on the A350900XLR, which was quite nice, but I still prefer their A380. Due to the flight change, we did not get our book the cook meals. Inflight service was quite nice as expected from SQ.
  I will never fly Air France again and urge you not to if you have a choice. For reference, I previously worked for an airline, so I am very familiar with flying. First, for our first short flight our Viking Cruise got us to the airport 4 hours early this was not Air Frances fault, but Air France didnt open their ticket counter for another two plus hours, so we couldnt check in and had to sit with our bags in ticketing for a long time. On the long leg of our trip, the 8.5 hour flight, we didnt leave until about 30 minutes late we were sitting on the plane and then they didnt tell us until wed already taken off that we wouldnt have internet for the flight. I did not pay 5k for my seat to not be able to contact my pet sitter or download a book for 9 hours. The also didnt have internet on a short leg on our way to Barcelona.
  Flew Papeete to Auckland with Air Tahiti Nui. The original plane we were to take had mechanical problems so we waited for 3 hours for another plane. It appeared that there was quite a bit of confusion with this and whilst waiting we noticed the very slow boarding and taking off process of other planes. When it came our turn, whilst all were on board it still took over a half an hour to count and recount passengers. The food on both flights to and from Papeete was substandard and in two cases inedible. The cabin staff appeared only moderately trained and made me wonder how they would perform if there was a problem. Tahiti and the surrounding islands and its people are wonderful. On a return trip I would select another airline. On arrival at Auckland airport, it took three hours to organise our accomodation due to missed connections.
  Piarco to Curaao with Insel Air. Appalling. After 9 hours of delay, we received not a single acknowledgement or apology for the delay. I have been in public restrooms cleaner than the plane that finally arrived. On the second leg of our flight, half our group was bumped from the flight for no good reason, in spite of having previously checked in. Again, no acknowledgement or apology. Same Fokker plane. I will never take this airline again. Better to pay more and find different schedules than use Insel Air again.
  Do not book with this airline, after waiting over 8 hours at Rhodes airport, with no information no staff no offer of water, our return flight was cancelled, had to find our own accommodation at 3.30 am and pay for it and the taxi, flight rescheduled for the following day at 4.30 pm. Once again waited around as flight delayed, no information, finally board flight, had to wait an hour and a half for take off on the plane, finally take off, told plane has not restocked with drinks etc. Finally land then had to wait nearly two hours for our luggage to be released. Applied for compensation for my cancelled flight and expenses which has been rejected as it was cancelled for extreme circumstances  ie Gatwick would not give them a landing slot the previous evening. So having spent over £400, in extra expenses due to EasyJet they have paid any compensation, Im sure they must have to be compensated by Gatwick for having to keep their pilot and staff for longer. Will never fly with them again. Do not use them.
 Flew Air Italy from Milan to Rome. Wonderful new airline with brand new airplanes. Cheap tickets, but great service on board. Even got a complimentary drink and snack. Very comfortable seats with adjustable headrest, even on our short flight. Also one of the cleanest airplanes I have seen.
  Hong Kong to Qingdao. The check in process was in order and prompt. This flight was operated by Cathay Dragon A330300 which boarding gate was assigned to Terminal 1. When I arrived at the boarding gate, there were many passengers waiting for the gate. The boarding announcement was called approximately 50 minutes prior to departure. The process was conducted row by row in systematically order which special needs passengers are given priority. Being a Marco Polo Green member, I had the advantage of queuing at the special lane dedicated to the airlines frequent flyers. Flight attendant were busy greeting and assisted us to the assigned seat once boarded. The flight to Qingdao left the gate on time and was relatively full. Cathay Dragon is renowned for being one of the best regional airlines. Lunch and cold beverages were served shortly after take off. The cabin crew returned to serve hot beverages. Two selection were available on board, that is hot coffee and tea, hot beverages were served without meal cart and the process is usually faster. Overall flight experience was smooth and satisfactory for a regional short sector. I look forward to fly with Cathay Dragon again in the near future.
Outstanding company! The kindest crew they welcome you with these candies. Planes are nice clean  I flew twice from LUX Frankfurt and from Vienna. Nice sandwiches everything to drink and that is unlimited. The Embraer was small seats 1x2 but they even have catering on short flights and in that small plane. They are an exclusive company definitely.
  Seychelles to Johannesburg. Below average service from in flight attendants. Appalling attitude, inability to carry out basic duties. Do not respond when they are buzzed, and expect you to walk to the back of the aircraft to get what you need eg a glass of water. This is a problem as the lavatory is also at the back, so at any given time theres a queue of passengers trying to navigate through the narrow aisle at the back of the aircraft. Furthermore, they are absolutely not child friendly, and made the flight very unpleasant for me and my family.
Melbourne to Bangkok via Bandar seri Begawan, MELBWN on Boeing 787 which was very comfortable and spacious, business class seat is flat bed style. The movie selection was a little limited. Food was excellent and good sized portions. Cabin crew were friendly and provided good service. Toilets were clean. There is no alcohol on the flight although I understand that if you bring you own you may drink it on this sector of your flight. Brunei to Bangkok was comfortable with spacious standard seats. Again, the entertainment was limited but a full meal was served. This was the more traditional Business Class but service was friendly and food excellent. My bags were among the first off in Bangkok. 
 First, I bought the ticket via Vietnam Airlines only to end up being operated by Pacific Airlines. Ground staff at checking in were the rudest Ive encountered to the point I had to complain to the manager nearby who apologized. Once through security, at the boarding gates it was absolute chaos. Gates constantly changed, all flights delayed from Pacific, what a nightmare. Once arrived in Da Nang I realized they had broken my luggage to which they said they could only offer 150000VND. Thats all, unbelievable. Avoid at all costs
  Most pathetic airline. I was travelling 2nd time and each time the flight is delayed. No help and support for delayed on airport. We were just waiting for hours to depart on the flight.
Intersky is another airline charging high prices for regional services using and chartering cheap airlines. Just flew back from SZG to ZRH. Friendly stewardess and good service  captain did not say a word. Even though Intersky is the only direct Service between SZG and ZRH  I would rather fly LH via Frankfurt.
 Never again on Tigerair. Our flight from Sydney to Gold Coast was delayed for 7 hours from 1200 pm to 625 pm which took off at 705 pm. All they could do is offering us a refund on a condition that we fly with another airline which was impossible to find. When I complained they never apologized but instead they said this is a budget airline which means that long delays should be expected. It was more disappointing that they offered us $15 vouchers per person for lunch and diner. And they had the guts to sell drinks on board instead of giving complimentary drinks due to the 7 hours delay.
  Christchurch to Nadi. Fiji Airways are awesome in customer service and I will highly recommend this airline to my friends and family. The staff was awesome in attending passengers requirements and also with the call button service.
  Do not fly this airline unless you absolutely have to. On a positive note, the plane was fairly comfortable. If you have a problem with your flight, you will not be able to resolve it and you will just lose money and be angry like I am. There are a million problems with the website and customer service is completely non existent at this company. Try calling their US number before you decide if fly if youre an American citizen, it just hangs up on me right away. The Wingo desk at Bogota airport is also very poorly trained and unfamiliar with many rules. As you know, there are always small issue that arise when flying, and its too risky to fly Wingo.
  Nok Air has online Checkin 24 hours before to print out your boarding pass and can go directly to security and gate if one isnt checking a bag. Also you can change your flight for an extra charge online. Everytime I ever needed to call Nok Air they answered promptly. If one has a bag to check like I did there is a special line at Don Muang Airport for those who checked in online.  My flight was full during the busy New Year and many people brought on roller bags with other carry ons even though only one small 7 kilo carry on is permitted at the cheapest fare and one must pay a higher fare to check roller bags. The cabin attendant didnt object to these passengers bring on so much but amazingly worked hard to get all the bags into the overhead bins in time for take off. I noticed that nearly everyone did not put small things under the seat in front of them but instead taking up needed space of the overhead bins. The plane departed on time and arrived on time and my checked bag was soon on the carousel. Nok Air hasnt disappointed yet.
 Dreadful experience, but theyre the only airline flying the route nonstop. My first experience was trying to pay for seat selections and checked baggage. Their website forwards to Alitalia, so unless the website language is set to Italian, the transaction does not go through. During one attempt, I was charged to my credit card, despite the transaction on their website showing an error for time out. It took about three hours to figure out how to pay for seat selections and checked bags. When it came time to check in, I noticed that my seat selection I had paid USD 75 was not applied to my ticket, so called the help desk. After waiting on hold for what felt like an eternity, I was told there was nothing they could do, as the plane was full, so to email their complaints team for a refund. I did that over a week ago now and have received no response, so just filed a dispute with my credit card. I then found out that the airline doesnt participate in TSA PreCheck, so had to wait over an hour at security even though I have Global Entry which includes TSA PreCheck for the specific reason of avoiding long security queues. Once boarded, I intended to use the WiFi do work for business purposes in order to not fall behind, but soon discovered the WiFi was not functioning and did not function throughout the entirety of the flight. Meals were small and insufficient in frequency. We were served two small meals once the course of the 12hour flight. Snacks were kept at the rear of the plane, and given how many passengers frequented the snack bar, it would seem many people agreed with my sentiments. The service I experienced with ITA Airways was a sorry start to what would ultimately be an absolutely incredible holiday. If Norwegian still flew transatlantic flights, I would have much preferred to fly with them.
  11 passengers were not given boarding passes to board the Mumbai  Doha flight leaving on 070418 at 18.05hrs. They were not allowed to board the flight and were put on a flight to Bangalore leaving at 9pm to catch the 03.45am flight on the following day 080418 to Doha by Qatar Airways. The ground staff are so incompetent. It is a high risk to fly with Air India Express. We all need an explanation why this was done but there is no answer from the phone numbers.
 Depart delayed by more than an hour, no explanation. In flight 90 minute flight, paid for extra leg room, not worth it, last off the plane. Shuttle from end of airport to terminal to get bags. Deplaning They neglected to inform any of us who waited for an hour that they had to leave 40 bags in Southampton, due to overweight on the plane. I was the first bag to be checked in at Southampton and have not yet received my luggage! Its been 3 days, and all I get on the tracer app is, still looking.
  Prague to Brussels. Worst airline I have ever flown. Overpriced services and charging for absolutely everything on top of the basic ticket price. Worse than lowcost airlines.
  Bad Communication Sunwing did not inform passengers with the correct time of departure on its website, on its app or with its emails more than a 6 hour difference. Lack of staff, pilots and planes  the airline did not have enough people or planes to run its routes, especially if circumstances were not optimal. This was the reason of so many delays. Other airlines, on the same routes did much better without huge delays days. The airline gave false reasons for its delays to avoid paying passenger compensations, even when it was obvious what the true reasons were.
In this trip, Delta had accomplished more flight issues on a single trip than Ive personally experienced on a few hundred flights in past over various carriers. Delayed bag for over 24 hours New bicycle bag that while saving the bike, was sacrificed with an extreme puncture that broke rivets and reinforcement bars. In one trip, the bag as well over a dozen notable marks and the final blow being fatal. Inability to maintain a schedule due to lack of available pilots. WifI system had been non functional over most of the four flights where it was expected to be. Unnecessary automatic rebooking which had to be reverted due to their inability to maintain a schedule. Delivery service provided to deliver bags unprofessional. Storing customer baggage on personal property when having delivery issues when they had not contacted me for delivery, leave a message in voicemail or text, or email. Bathroom door on A321neo had alignment issues making door closure very difficult. It resulted in myself accidentally opening the door on a woman, to which the flight attended stated it was a user issue. They have not initiated a communications on the process ongoing. When I called just about two weeks post report, they stated a general manager was in communications with the delivery service. 
We flew from Cape Town to Mauritius on 27 March and returned to Cape Town on 3 April 2014. The crewstaff were lazy and totally disinterested in passengers. I did not see a staff member for over 30 minutes. No respect for their passengers. Will never fly Air Mauritius again.
  I was looking forward to this flight as it would be my first time flying with ANA and heard great things about the airline. I chose and paid a little extra for Seat 30A, which turned out to be a mistake. The seat does not recline, and is up against the bulkhead. The seat is also more narrow due to the builtin tray. Most uncomfortable seat for a long flight. Disappointed that I could not upgrade my seat from Economy to Premium Economy. Crew was attentive and courteous. There were two meals served on this flight, which were average at best. 
Kam Air is a fast growing company. Although operation in a country like Afghanistan is very difficult Kam Air is doing well. Most of the time on time. Food is not bad. I heard they are going to buy a new Airbus. right now they are operating 737800 leased from Pegasus airline in Turkey which is a very new aircraft. Dubai to kabul usually goes well for me but Returning from kabul to dubai it is awful.
Singapore to Bangkok with Tigerair, a budget Asian carrier. Its hub is in Singapore and it flies a pretty extensive network around Southeast Asia. Inlaws in Singapore recommended Tiger over its main competitors, AirAsia and JetStar. We have flown with them numerous times, the latest being a trip to Bngkok and back. Checking in at Changi in Singapore was a breeze as there was, for the first time, no line at the counter. Checking in at Bangkok was a lot more troublesome, as a group of seven was in line ahead of us and, instead of using the group checkin line, used the regular line. A substantial line developed behind this group as the Tigerair agent appeared to be relatively new on the job and seemed flustered. Another agent opened up and he took care of us quickly. Tigerair has a good boarding system, when they follow it, and so boarding is usually quite quick. Tiger has a couple of A319s, but mostly use A320s on their routes. Seat pitch is minimal at 30, so its a little hard on me at 62 tall, but its not unbearable as most of the flights we take are only 22.5 hours in duration. There is no IFE, meal or beverage service unless paid for and no inseat power. Planes are kept quite neat and the seats, apart from the legroom, are pretty comfortable. I wouldnt want to fly Tiger much more than the 22.5 hours that weve done in the past, but for flights under this duration, its a decent airline and, much to the shame of this American, offers a similar flight experience to the big three US legacy carriers.
The entire experience was a mess with Insel Air. First, they were checking in for later flights for at least 3 hours before my flight. Then, when it was an hour before the flight was scheduled, they started checking us in. At the counter, I was told that the 20h15 flight would now be at 1h45 in the morning. I was also told that I was a standby, which I was not as I had a confirmed ticket Im not the only one this happened to. They gave us no food vouchers. This was regulated and then I proceeded through security and at the gate, the board stated that the flight would be leaving at 2h45 in the morning. No reasons were given and no announcements were made. They eventually changed this again to 1200am, and we boarded at 23h30. During the flight we were given the wrong customs card to fill out. This was overall a very bad experience and I along with many people on that flight will never fly Insel Air again.
  Aer Lingus is a sad excuse for an airline. Not a single of our four flights was on time. We were almost twelve hours late to Paris and had to sit in the Dublin airport all day. There were no employees available to discuss flight details or compensation for delays. The flights also either said they had WiFi but didnt, or just said flat out they dont have WiFi. Disastrous airline and I will never fly with them again. Steer clear.
  I have been unable to reach the airline over the phone and their voicemail is full. Im getting, at best, 1 email back per day. During the email back and forth, I mentioned that it seemed like my bag was being routed back to Casablanca, which is my vacation destination. The agent proceeded to tell me that they had my Grenadian address on file, and even confirmed it. This morning, I received an email from a gentleman in Casablanca CMN informing me that my bag is ready for pickup. Again, Im 4000 miles across the Atlantic and it is physically impossible for me to do so. So far, not a single person in this airline has even offered an apology and everyone is acting like this is the most common situation. It goes without saying that this was my last time ever flying with TAP and I will spare no amount of money in the future to avoid your company. 
Im trying to check in to my flight back to Florida and when I try to do the check in through the website it says my booking information cant be found. First few times I tried to call their customer service, the call would drop and I couldnt get anybody on the phone. Now, I finally got the automated call and have been waiting for over an hour to talk to a customer service representative. I understand that this is a cheap flight, but not able to check in and not able to talk to somebody is not acceptable.
  Firstly, the booking system is rubbish, such that passengers are not able to manage their booking ourselves and must call through to the customer service. Though they do pick up the call pretty quick, it is pointless as all they can and will tell you is that they cant do anything for you when they actually can. My husband booked a ticket for me to fly out on a Thursday to see my father in law who has just been hospitalised. However, something cropped up at home and I could not leave till the next day. I called to ask for a change of flight. First time I called, I was told all flights on Friday are sold and so they could not change it for me. I was nave and believed in it. I even thanked the staff. But it then dawned upon me that I was checking the tickets online earlier and there are still seats available. So I called back again and the staff I believe its a different one told me the same lie, that no seats are available. I pointed out to her that there are seats available online. She then told me a cock and bull story about how the system is not updated online and if customers were to go ahead and book online, they will get an error message. I then questioned them about truthfulness in their product publishing and advertising. Its a hoax then. I was certain they could do something about it and so asked to speak with a senior staff member. She put me through and funnily enough, this senior staff was able to find a seat for me on Friday, when the other 2 staff had insisted that all tickets on Friday were sold. However, I had to pay another $370 to have that changed. When my husband booked the ticket, it was stated that we are entitled to 1 change. The senior staff said yes you are entitled to 1 change but you need to pay the difference. How is that considered entitled to 1 change? As it was too much to pay, I was not sure if I wanted to go ahead or just simply cancel it, as it would cost about the same. Later my husband called them and explained the situation. They were insistent in not being able to do anything at first. But after my husbands persistently requesting, they finally agreed to a refund in the form of a voucher. This goes to show that they are actually able to provide some form of assistance to help us and there are many options. However, they choose to just tell the customer that they cant do anything and turn the customers away, forcing them to accept the flight or to forgo the ticket. I think these staff have either forgotten or didnt realise that airline is a service industry, they should be providing service and support. Even more so, if they expect customers to call their customer service line, there should be some real help offered.
HELARN a very full flight operated by Golden Air for Blue1 frequent airplane substitution. Economy Extra is at the back at the plane upon boarding. Seat comfort and space is poor even for Economy. I enjoyed the cheerful service and the nice fresh meal. Flight departed and arrived with a slight delay. This is nevertheless about the level of a competitors regular Economy Class fare but priced a bit higher the level of space especially is totally unacceptable for anything above LCC Economy.
Davao to Singapore. SilkAir used to be a great little airline with good seat pitch, quality service and foodbeverage options. Now I struggle to differentiate it from the low cost carriers. The only value proposition I see now for Silk air is connectivity to Singapore Airlines. Seat pitch seems little different to Cebu Pacific, request a beer and you get it poured half full into a small plastic cup with no refill offer. Food is bland and quantities reduced. I have flown this route periodically for 20 years and have gone from being a devotee of Silk Air to wondering why bother for the dollars paid.
  Tashkent to Istanbul. Disorganised boarding. Passengers were not called by rows. It was a free for all with a long queue. Good cabin service. Limited options for entertainment. Only 3 or 4 films available. No music, etc.
  Flew Vanilla Air from Tokyo Narita to Okinawa Naha. Boarded on time and with no troubles, staff were friendly and welcoming. Seats were reasonably comfortable, Im 6ft tall and my knees werent touching the back of the seat in front of me which was definitely a welcome surprise on a low cost carrier. No entertainment systems available but not an issue as I usually travel with my iPod and something to read anyway. Flight was calm and we experienced no turbulence en route. You need to purchase on board food or bring something with you but we knew this in advance so brought some food bought at Narita departures terminal. All round good flights, cheap and efficient and did exactly what we wanted. Took us from A to B with no fuss or issues. A solid experience, Id recommend and plan on using again in the future.
  We booked a trip to Edinburgh with Loganair last January, sadly all the events etc were subsequently cancelled due to Covid, we had no option other than to cancel our flights  Loganair would not offer us a refund only a credit note valid until August 2021. Interesting that all the attractions we had planned to visit issued refunds immediately. Recently contacted Loganair to clarify the position re our credit note, it is difficult to plan ahead with so much turmoil and uncertainty. Loganair will not extend the time period for the validity of their voucher! How unhelpful this small and small minded company is.
  Bangkok to Los Angeles via Xiamen return. Everything was great, checkin at Suvarnabhumi Airport was smooth and the flight from Bangkok to Xiamen was ontime and they served a tasty meal. We noticed how friendly the cabin crew were r. Only downside about the 737 from Bangkok is that theres no personal tv screen. At Xiamen Airport for our 18hour layover, immigration process was smooth, we were eligible for a free transit visa. We received a free accommodation voucher by Xiamen Air. The hotel we were given was the airlines own Xiamen Air Hotel in the heart of Xiamen. The room had two double beds and included a Chinese buffet breakfast too. Xiamen to Los Angeles on Boeing 7879 was better. Great onboard entertainment, with plenty of Hollywood movies to choose from. We were served 3 meals and a snack on the 12hour journey to LAX. I applied for their free wifi in advance only 50 spots per flight, which worked well. You only get 3hours but it was free. One thing that surprised me was the English proficiency of their crew. An added bonus was the opportunity to visit the lovely Chinese coastal city of Xiamen.  The price we paid for our return journey from BKK to LAX was almost half the price of a return ticket from BKK to SYD at the time of our departure. Outstanding value for money.
  This the worst airline ever. They dont care about passengers at all, flights delayed so much and you are not given right information. They dont let you travel with hand luggage for free. Please do not book with them, otherwise you will regret
I flew BMI regional from Southampton to Munich on an Embraer RJ145. There was a total of nine passengers on this flight giving the feel of a private jet instead of a small airliner. Complimentary ham roll and coffee served. Crew fine. Left and arrived on time.
 I have never been so positively shocked by any other airline in my life! Ive heard nothing but good things about Air Astana, but my experience even exceeded those high expectations. On the 2hr45m trip from Baku to Almaty, there was a full amenity kit provided that which rivals those on transatlantic routes ear plugs, pen, toothbrush and toothpaste, lotion, comb, eye mask, and socks! Small candies were provided before takeoff on both flights. The meal provided from Baku to Almaty was average its always a risk coming from a city which isnt a hub. On the AlmatyBishkek leg, water was provided before takeoff, as its a less than 1 hourlong flight. The cabin crew were so pleasant and well spoken in Kazakh, Russian, and English, and the pilots gave beautifully detailed and eloquent messages in all three languages as well. Seats were average, but I didnt mind with all of the other services provided. Important  Row 14 on the 757200 aircraft has no window, so please take caution when reserving seats. All in all, I would go out of my way to fly Air Astana again!
  I could not prebook checkin luggage online for my flight from Bali to Bangkok. I called them the first number on their website did not work, temp. out of order. They told me I either have to pay Rp 224.000 22AU$ per kg at the airport at checkin or I could prebook for just Rp 23000 that is 10 up to 6 hours before, but I can only do that at the airport. That is ridiculous! My luggage would cost more than my ticket if I would not go to the airport before and I would have no idea about that if I would not have called them. I know countries where this would be illegal.
  Denpasar to Kuala Lumpur. This is the worst airline I have ever seen. Their baggage policy is ridiculous. During their onlinecheckin, there is no option to add additional checkin luggage. Once you have checkedin then, they only allow you to add luggage at a price that is ludicrous around 14 AUD per Kilo, which is 78 EUR. Talking to the customer service hotline, there is no way to reverse your checkin or add luggage even if its couple days before departure, so youre forced to pay their luggage pricing.  If you are traveling with Malindo make sure that you add luggage at the time you are booking the tickets via trip.com this was NOT possible, otherwise I can only urge to avoid.
East Midlands to Guernsey on an ATR72. Nice to have a proper airline service with a person to check in your bag plus complimentary drinks and newspaper on board. Aircraft clean and presentable departed on time but arrived slightly late due to strong head winds. Flight a little bumpy in parts. Cabin crew service efficient and with a smile. Good flight price. Would fly with Aurigny from my local airport again.
  First time I travelled through this airline, aircraft are too small, dirty seats, no multimedia. And while returning from Istanbul they lost my luggage which I get after one day. The problem is their mismanagement at Jed airport, almost 30 passengers luggage was missed and there was no one at airport to log the complaints. We have to wait 3 hours to complete the process. And once luggage arrived at airport they didnt even call me. I just roamed around at airport and luckily found my luggage. 
  The flight itself was enjoyable. The flight attendants were polite and friendly and the flight was on time. My bags were misplaced and arrived two days after I arrived. This is not a huge issue and apart from misplacing the bags in the first place, the service provided to have my bags located and delivered was reasonable. However the customer service after this was appalling. I quite simply required confirmation from the airline that my luggage was delayed so I could make an insurance claim. I sent over 10 emails and made over 15 phone calls 6 hours on hold without receiving a single emails back and after having the line cut after being on hold multiple times. When I reached out on their facebook page I received a nasty response via the messenger app accusing me of spaming them. All phone numbers they provided either rang out or went on hold and were eventually disconnected without anyone picking up. It has been 4 months and I still have not heard a thing from them.
  I havent actually taken a flight with Air Europa because covid travel restrictions smashed my European travel plans. That being said Im sitting on two round trip business class tickets that I need to cancel or get some type of future credit, but after trying 6 separate times to contact a customer service representative phone, email, you name it I am giving up. I have waited more than 3 hours on hold and have yet to have anyone answer. The support line says 24 hours but on off hours you will just get a recording due to circumstances beyond our control, we cannot answer your call right now. Please try again in a few minutes.
Flown the FrankfurtTHR route. In my experience I have never heard an airline flying to THR cheaper than Iran Air does and the pilots are obviously very skilled. But there are negative sides to flying Iran Air. First of all although their Aibus fleet is one of the safest in the world their other aircrafts Boeing747SP727 and Russian aircraft are one of the oldest and most dangerous  so my advice try to avoid these aircraft when flying Iran AIr. Luckily most European flights are with the Airbus fleet. I also know that the poor shape of their Boeing fleet is not caused by neglect but the fact that the Iranian government cant buy spare parts for these aircraft from the US politics and stuff. Also inflght entertainment is almost nonexistent not even in their Business class especially if you dont like Farsi spoken movies shown on a projector so bring a bookmagazinewalkman or whatever. My advice is to fly Iran Aar if you are sure that they are using an Airbus aircraft and if you are more concerned about your budget then about stuff like inflight entertainment or alcoholic drinks.
  Kolkata to Bangkok. We tried to checkin online via both the AirAsia website and the app but neither worked for me. At the airport staff were not willing to accept our explanation and charged us Rp 13,670 for baggage. 
  Absolutely horrendous experience with Saudi Arabian Airlines. Booked a one way ticket and wanted to cancel it to rebook a return ticket after only a few hours due to additional research, so I went to Manage my Booking as the website requested  only to not be shown any options to change or cancel. I then went to the Refund page, submitted a request, but was not shown the refund amount and website directly proceeded to tell me to wait for the cancellation and refund and their website is not clear whether they have a 24H full refund policy. I tried to contact them via the website chat as well as whatsapp  after 5 hours there was no response by any agents. I then made the final decision to call their HQ, incurring expensive overseas call charges, waited 33 minutes, and was answered by a boredsounding customer service staff. I introduced myself and asked if it was okay if I used English to converse. He paused for 5 seconds, then terminated the call. Tens of dollars down the drain. 
  The worst service I have experienced. I used to think Cathay Pacific was good, this time round no luck. The one staff member on the ground that I saw was quite sweet but that was another story when I hopped on the plane they were so rude. As for comfort it was pretty squished and the seats were not the most comfortable, food was average, inflight entertainment was pretty decent and the loos where clean, but the real issue happened when I landed, I get called over the intercom to come to baggage services before bags where loaded onto the conveyor belt. My good bag was not put on plane its coming on the next flight will be with me in two days I wish. Three weeks later Cathay cant tell me anything I wait the 21 days to make a claim they have no phone call service and when you do talk to someone they are so incredibly rude and blame every one else. Anyway wait the 21days fill out the paperwork on there website about claims and then get an email that someone would be in contact with me in 6 weeks approximately.
Evening flight 509 from Tortola to St Maarten. Plane was full but on time. Arriving in SXM 75 percent of the passengers picked up their luggage 25 didnt. There is no one at 8pm in SXM airport so we waited to get some information for our luggage. One hour later some LIAT agents appeared and told us that our luggage was still in Tortola. Fortunately we stayed one night in SXM so we told the agent to deliver us the bag to our hotel no problem. Next day we waited the whole morning nothing happened. After several calls to LIAT and the airport we were told that our bag was in the airport and that we can pick it up there. We went to airport to get it but in took us more than 1 hour to get no LIAT agent had a clue what to do or where the luggage is. Very poor customer service.
  From start to finish, the service, food, and cabin crew provided the very best. There are only 4 first class seats on the 777 and as expected more than enough space to stow belongings and move around the cabin. The cabin crew were attentive without being intrusive. Only two negatives. The toilets are tiny and one almost needs to be a contortionist to get changed into pyjamas and the seats although very wide do not have much padding or recline so are uncomfortable for sitting in for long periods of time. In the lie flat mode a good mattress was provided which made the bed comfortable. Food was exceptional and beautifully presented. Only hope that the hot towel service makes a comeback.
ATHTAS return. Both flights on time. The personnel were friendly enough and eager to help you. The food was good only food presentation and trays were standard. There were two servings of drinks on each flight. The only complaint  inflight entertainment system was outdated overhead screens with two outdated movies and some channels with music. The planes were old but clean. Overall a good experience with no troubles.
  Kathmandu to Bangkok. Absolutely perfect. Checkin staff were great. The plane was new and we even received a very good inflight snack and bottle of water  I have never received this with any other lowcost airline. We preordered an inflight meal which not only was reasonably priced but also very tasty. I previously read that the airline was keen on oversized cabin luggage but was astonished at the luggage that people tried to get away with in the cabin  this is unfair on other passengers who are compliant and then made to put their compliant luggage under their seat in front of then whilst overladen passengers get away with putting their luggage in the cabins above and have footroom as well. We did have a delay but this was due to the resurfacing of KTM runway and the congested skies above the airport as a consequence. Luggage arrived on the belt at DMK before we did! The price of the ticket was exceptionally good but may be due to DMK to KTM being a new route. I had no problem adding three lots of hold baggage postbooking using my UK credit card I didnt even make my original booking with Thai Lionair but with an online travel agent. I would definitely fly with them again.
  Guwahati to Delhi. We get it its a budget airline. But if the flight is getting delayed then you should let the passengers know about the delay beforehand and not 1 hour before the flight.
Shanghai to Nanning on July 4. Delayed nearly 2.52hours sitting on the plane with hardly any airconditioning. However the Captain kept us periodically informed which was good. Flight was okay except the flight attendants did not smile. Checkin was ridiculous! I had to open my checkedin baggage cause they suspected 1 my less than 50 ml bottles of skin care and 2 a small hotel sewing kit!
  I had flight from San Diego to Boston last night. It was super super cold! I was completely freezing. I called staff 3 times and told them I have a tremor and asthma and cold weather can trigger it so can I have a blanket. 3 times they did not care! Asthma attack is not about a common cold it is about surviving. I had a cough and was feeling terrible the whole night. Is there really no blanket? It passed but this is not right.
  Manila to Puerto Galera. They cancelled the flights 4 days prior to departure, and despite my several requests, I have never been refunded. Do not fly with this company.
  Berlin to Paris. Flight on time, clean and modern plane. It was impossible to buy any drinks due to an issue with their visa machine. The crew was ok but they could smile a bit more. At Orly airport, we had to disembark by bus, which took 10 minutes to finally be at the south terminal.
  My Terrible LATAM Travel Experience Returning from Rio de Janeiro to Miami. Upon arriving at the airport in Rio de Janeiro, having checked in online, without having had the option to pay for luggage online, a LATAM employee at the checkin desk informed me that I should pay for the 2 bags that would be checked. I went to the payment desk and the LATAM employee made me wait for 30 minutes to tell me how much the fee would be. He told me it would be R$1,300 reais approximately $125 dollars per bag, totaling approximately $250 dollars.  Not finding the value of the luggage fee right, I paid it, but it is worth noting that on the way to Brazil, with a much more professional and respectful airline, I paid $35 per bag, totaling $70, instead of $250. I went back to the checkin desk and it took approximately 1 hour when I was attended to check in my bags and print my boarding pass. A LATAM employee left the service desk and went to another closed room, came back, did it several times.  When it was close to the boarding time, the LATAM employee said that they would not make the boarding at the scheduled time, as all passengers with carry on should dispatch the same.  Not caring about connecting passengers. There was a long delay in completing this process. When finished, we left Rio towards Santiago. Arriving in Chile, I ran with my 6 year old son and my wife so we wouldnt lose the connection. I arrived at the LATAM connection desk and the employee informed me that I had missed it, there would be no way to catch that flight. I arrived at the counter at 1210am, flight departs at 1230am.  That I couldnt pass the connecting gate, I should take a flight to Lima in the morning at 745am, I should wait at the airport for more than 7 hours. Detail that the LATAM employee, very moody, didnt even speak English, I had to unroll my Spanish.  As there was no other alternative, I took the boarding pass to Peru and then to the United States. I went to the LATAM VIP Lounge and the employee scanned my boarding pass, but he wouldnt let me in. With all this, I still havent been able to feed and rest with my 6 year old son and wife. We had to spend the 7 hours in the airport departures area. My son ended up sleeping on the floor of the airport, he was very tired. 
  Caticlan to El Nido in ATR 42600. They rolled a carpet from to the plane to enter and exit. Good service in flight, on time flight and greeted with umbrellas from the plane to the arrival hall of the airport to avoid the hot sun in El Nido. 10 plus for this flight.
Flew JFKDMDALA and back. The flying stock is old and outdated. Broken seats and trays. Smelly unsanitary lavatories. No entertainment provided during the transatlantic flights unless you paid $20 for a portable player. Attendants are full of attitude and in need of training on courteous service. I wouldnt feed livestock with the meals they serve. Basically you get what you paid for. Cheap but not worth it.
  Poor customer service. Covid has made life miserable for all of us. Belavia does not care about government restrictions and recommendations. Only company asking for money rebooking flights because of Covid and not caring about any government restrictions and recommendations. Extra fees are sent to be paid by email link and needs to be paid in 5 hours.
 My wife and I who are both 76 travelled yesterday from Amritsar to New Delhi on the 10.15 flight no. 694. The service given to us was excellent and we would particularly like to commend the staff onboard and on check in.
  It was such a long time that we have not seen such a bad airline.  Flight almost 3 and 4 hours, you have 28 grams of salted biscuits and 25 grams of sweet biscuits Water comes without a glass. Directly from the plastic bottle And everything like that.
  My flight took a place on 1150pm January 1, 2022. I want to thank wonderful lady at the Finnair cin desk. She was so kind, so helpful, so caring and professional. The flight attendant team was caring and professional. One detail  instead dinner we received a sandwich with a small piece of cheese, so hard, dry. I dont have high expectations for an airline food, but this one was below any comments.
  Bogota to Lima. Avoid at all cost  this is by quite a margin the worst travel experience I have ever had. I am from Europe and half way in I was thinking to myself that this is even worse than Ryanair.  I arrived 3 hours and 20 min before take off with my printed eticket from Kiwi and first they said I had one kilo too much luggage to check in. In fact it was 0,8kg. I then went away and took out a small something and went back.The second time they said that this eticket was not enough and that I needed to print a boarding pass but no one spoke english so it was not clear to me what they wanted. I went away to a itplace nearby and printed out a new eticket but apparently that was not the right one and when that happened the 3 hour deadline had expired to they charged me 19usd for a piece of paper This is absurd and have no relation the the actual cost The people i confronted were without exception unfriendly and unhelpful For a low cost airline they are not even cheap. On a flight between Bogota and Lima with 95 being peruvians or colombians the in flight snack bar only accepted cash and USD. 
  Bangkok to Manila in November 2019. As this is a lowcost airline the service is nofrills. Nevertheless, the ground service is good  not the best  but I suggest more checkin counters. The flight departed on time and arrived on time. While this may not be the same on other flights  they are improving on their ontime performance. Cost for money is good  considering I only paid half of what I would usually pay if I chose a fullservice carrier for this route. The legroom was a little bit crampy, but you get what you paid for. This A330 operated by Cebu Pacific is infamous for its cramped seating configuration. I wouldnt recommend this for a longhaul flight, but for short flights its okay. You get to your destination on the cheapest price while the product quality is still there.
 Toronto to Miami. My wife and I had 1 backpack carry amongst the two of us. We were asked to remove it from overhead storage and put it under our seats. I had shoes and towels stored in the backup making it bulky. I could not sit comfortably throughout the flight. When quizzed as to why other travellers with large and heavy carryons were given first priority  the attendant said that was just the case. It is brutal that we were penalized for choosing to pack lightly. Furthermore, we have seen multiple smaller backups and handbags stored in the same bins. I cannot say why our bag was removed. Atrocious!
  I and my wife, the first time I was going to fly ever. I had flights booked from Cancun to Havana via Interjet website. Interjet cancelled our flights because of COVID19. They did not send a voucher or any information email. I have been calling Interjet all week from Turkey and no answer at all. One of the worst airlines ever I have seen
  Booked on 7am flight to Delhi on 12th jan. Flight got cancelled in previous day due to technical snag and i could not notice the message send. I have reached the boarding gates and then realized and staff informed me that no seats on next Delhi flights and full refund for the ticket can be made. Found that all other airline flights also going full. Airline staff offered later 9.45am flight, which will not meet my requirement. While i was trying to find a solution to reach Delhi at early, suddenly met Mr Vinod came out with idea of trying on 8am flight of Vistara as a standby and made me wait till gate closing time then board the flight. It was a great great relief. I should thank Vistara team for such wonderful support and especially Mr Vinod George. Vistara is one of the great airlines and wish them all the Best.
  Such a terrible experience. Worst customer service I can ever think of and DELAYED all the time. One of our package was over by few kilograms but we already bought extra packages for it and staff ask us to pay extra fee that cost almost the same as the ticket it self. Or else we got to pull out our stuff to put in our other package that we checked in. In the end they all are the weight that we bought in advance. Wasted our time and energy. I asked for an email for me to provide a review and it took them 1520 min to just give me it. 
  Surabaya to Jakarta. A nearly full flight. The seats were comfortable, the onscreen entertainment identical to that offered on Garudas longhaul flights, but the inflight meal just a very basic snack.
  Penang to Singapore. A nice regional airline that shares the relative same standards or at least approach as its big sister, Singapore airlines. Cabin staff speedy and attentive. A small breakfast pastry and fruit with coffee served on a short hope one hour flight. Captain kept us updated particularly for those with short connecting windows. Planes a bit old and shabby but apparently large investment coming soon to this small airline.
We flew JetBlue to San Francisco due to a massive credit. JetBlue is also our airline of choice for vacation. However, JetBlues times for San Francisco to Boston were not very compatible with our schedule, so we decided to fly Virgin America back. Checkin was fast, and before we knew it, we were at the gate with 1.5 hours before boarding. We went to a restaurant conveniently located next to the gate and returned with 15 minutes before boarding. Boarding went quickly too, and when we got on the plane, the cabin was lit up in deep purples and blues. I found that the entertainment was not quite as impressive as JetBlues, but it was still good. The food selection could also have more variety. But those were not big problems, because the Gulfstream shortens the flight by an hour and were in Boston in 5.5 hours. Virgin only has one gate at Logan and it is located near baggage claim, which was nice because it was 11.30pm. Overall, my first flight on Virgin America was a success.
  Frontier is not and will never be my go to airline, but I went to them because I recently purchased their Summer Go Wild Pass that I have only been able to use once. The pass allows you to fly for about $15 each way but you are only allowed a personal item which is about the size of a kids backpack and you cant choose your seat. anything else will cost extra. Apparently they made changes to their website to now almost no flights are available for anyone using the Go Wild Pass but the seats are available if I were purchasing a regular ticket. I am writing to express my extreme dissatisfaction and frustration with the Frontier Summer Go Wild pass, which I recently purchased in good faith. It is with the utmost disappointment that I bring to your attention the sheer unavailability of flights for the utilization with this pass, rendering it effectively worthless. This has not only wasted my time and money but also tarnished my perception of Frontier Airlines as a reliable and customer oriented airline. Despite the enticing proposition of enjoying flights for a mere $0.01 each, I have found that almost every flight that I attempt to book using the Go Wild pass is inexplicably marked as not available. This flagrant lack of availability stands in stark contrast to the same flights being readily accessible for regular purchase. The fact that the flights I am interested in are supposedly accessible under normal circumstances only deepens my exasperation. Let me emphasize the tremendous inconvenience and emotional distress caused by this egregious issue. As a customer, I places my trust in Frontier Airlines when I opted to purchase the Go Wild Pass, expecting a fair opportunity to utilize the benefits promised. Regrettably, my experience thus far has been nothing short of an elaborate hoax, leaving me with a sense of betrayal and frustration. Frontier Airlines must be held accountable for this misleading and deceptive practice, which is an affront to customers who believed in the value of the Go Wild Pass.
 19 Jan 2023 The outbound flight to Iceland was as expected. On time with no delays. However, my luggage did not arrive. Airport staff in Iceland were friendly, helpful and courteous. It was extremely difficult to get updates on missing luggage after leaving airport and this was frustrating. I had all my belongings in the checked in bag and didnt know if I could purchase some new essentials. I didnt want to pay for extra luggage allowance on return trip if my luggage did arrive and no communications were received from the airline in relation to this. After 3 days, my luggage still had not arrived so I had to purchase essentials. 23 Jan 2023 Return flight was delayed by 4 hours, but we did receive notification the night before of this possible delay. 25 Jan 2023 I am now back in Ireland and I received notification that my luggage has arrived in Iceland even though it was clearly stated on the lost luggage report that I was returning home on 23 Jan 2023. Overall Flights were ok, but customer service re lost luggage was very poor. When packing for Iceland, I really needed the contents that were in my luggage.
  Kiev to Tallinn via Riga. I am very disappointed by the airline. I had layover 40 minutes in Riga where I have to pass passport and security control. The plane from Kiev landed 20 minutes later. I was expecting the airline worker to met us near the gate, but there was nobody. On the passport control, there was a long queue. On the security check, there was an even bigger queue. However, only one line worked. Moreover, all people in the queue also were late, so I was not able to fast forward. We have managed to arrive at the gate 3 minutes prior the departure time and board the plane. The plane was Boeing 737300 which is an old garbage. The brakes produced terrible noise. The interior was old. The tickets are expensive, while the service is worse then lowcost airlines.
  Jakarta to Denpasar. Due to take off 7 pm. Delay information at 6.30pm. No more info. Reason not clear. Got refreshment at 9.35pm. Read from TV monitor stated delayed 22.10. A very bad expererience. Bad communication service. Really disappointed.
  Panama City to Bocas del Toro. This is back to the 70s. Absolutely the worst airline I ever flew. We came to the airport and they told us the flight is moved to 5 pm and the return is cancelled too and we can only take the next one at 10am. It meant we will never reach our flight to Colmbia as it was 2hrs later. No one to talk to,. After screaming we got a letter saying that they deleted 2 flights and because of that we are stuck. Sadly Copa Air didnt care about the letter and we had to pay a penalty. We will pursue with them when we are back home. But if I gave them, their checkin, their fleet and their attitude a score it would be absolute zero.
  Madrid to Copenhagen.  While the flight was on time I find both the quality of the plane and the service at the airport under standard of what to be expected from a flag carrier. Even though it this is Iberias low cost subsidiary this plane was about 20 years old and it showed. Their on demand service with movies worked so slowly that it close to pointless. I generally had the feeling that I had payed a heavy overprise so I expected much and got a service like a low cost airline. The only choice from Copenhagen to Madrid is Iberia Express if not wanting to support Ryanair.
  Toronto to Boston. Simply put, Porter Airlines does not deliver. They take your money and book flights at specified times but repeatedly cancel and delay flights and bump you to later flights to consolidate flyers, while being slow, robotic, and apologetic. They will tell you its a maintenance issue or weather issue but as a frequent flyer, this cannot always be the case. This is bad business practice in my opinion and they get away with it. They have done Toronto a disservice, and are lowering tourist potential.
  Worst airline I have ever flown with in my life, where do I start? We were treated like cattle during boarding and the crew was very cold and shorttempered. Food was also absolutely vile. My mother also ended up getting sick from the air conditioning in the aircraft, they refused to give her a blanket.
  Flight 167, terrible gate service. After 20 years of flying with this airline you just lost my business. It seems the gate people favor visitors over the local Kamaiana who are the main source of keeping your airlines open. Overpriced on luggage and unfriendly.
  Beijing to Toronto. What a great experience to take the flight with Hainan Airlines because of the unforgettable assistance we got from Hainan Airlines staff at Beijing Airport! I was bringing my motherinlaw to Canada. However, after we checked in and went through the check point, my mom was notified that her passport was cancelled in 2014 for unknown reason. So she could not fly with me. We were completely lost as we had no idea what had happened. My mom was very sure that this must be a mistake. As all my other family members were 1600 KMS away, I was not sure what I could do rescheduling my flight to stay with my mom means I have to cancelled a few important meetings, while having my mom flying back to my hometown by herself means I needs to take a big risk  she was over 75 years old and she was already very tired and frustrated. I contacted Hainan Airline in Beijing airport, hoping she could give me some advice. After I briefly explained the situation, staff calmed us down and said she would be very glad to offer assistance. Just after a few minutes, they rushed to the border check point and promised that she would take care of my mom, making sure she could fly back to my hometown smoothly with wheelchair service provided. With her promise that I had faith in, I continued my flight as planned. Luckily, the passport issuing office found the mistake and issued a new one to my mom within 24 hours. The next day, staff spent hours following up my moms flight arrangement, including prebooking a premium seat without charging extra fee, having her colleague take care of the luggage, and advising both Beijing and Toronto to provide wheelchair service so my mom would not get lost. Eventually my mom arrived at Toronto safely. My whole family were deeply moved by Hainan Airlines staff.  Big thank you, Ms Qi, and big thank you, Hainan Airlines.
LCYMANLCY Booking well in advance saved considerable time and money over the equivalent train journey. Cabin crew were pleasant but I do wonder why on such a short flight its necessary to offer food albeit just a sandwich  Id rather pay less on the ticket price. On the return journey the ground staff at MAN were extremely helpful to let me switch without charge to an earlier flight. Overall I found VLM efficient and helpful and would certainly use them again. After all flying in a Fokker 50 puddlejumper was actually fun!
Syrianair is cheap safe relatively efficient the staff is often courteous and  typically Syrian  kind and hospitable. Staff very nice with kids  a rare commodity. Food isnt gourmet planes often old seating or queues sometimes random and the flights sometimes not on time. They should certainly improve but are a good airline in that region. And they have even started the Frequent Flyer now!
  Check in easy and quick baggage check smooth. Plane left on time. Landed a head of schedule. Slight tired interior. Staff on board friendly. Overall cannot complain.
  St. Petersburg to RostovonDon. Even though the hand luggage is free, you wont be able to bring a bag more than size of a shoe box on the plane not even a regular backpack would fit. Had to pay additional fees to place my hand luggage in baggage section, which I didnt know before they placed my bag on the belt. Also some of the workers at the checkin were measuring your bag while others didnt, their excuse was that they would make you pay the fees on the plane anyway. It was also hard to find the information about the allowed weight of the baggage per person which was 10 kgs. I took it for granted that they allowed 20 kg like other airlines, so I had to pay around 50 euros for the additional 10 kgs. The staff was rude and never answered my questions and never clearly explained what I was paying for. Neither were they allowing payments by credit card. In total, the additional fees were the cost of the ticket itself, so I had to pay twice as much as I expected. If you are trying to save money, fly with a more expensive but good company, because there is no point of flying with this airline for the same price but with a genuinely bad quality. Never going to fly with this airline anymore.
  Stockholm to Chicago. Air Berlin is the worst airline Ive had an experience with. I landed in Chicago after four months of studying abroad in Sweden, only to see that myself and my friend didnt have any of our luggage arrive. This was on December 22nd so this clearly affected how our holidays were going to be spent. After calling, and calling, and emailing, they had lost my bag, found it again, lost it in Copenhagen, found it again  finally 6 days later on the 28th I received my bags. I missed a trip for Christmas, giving presents, all of my personal items etc. Air Berlin was rude about the process and I would never recommend flying with them if you have baggage.  Air Berlin get a solid two thumbs down for inconvenience and rudeness.
  On December 15th me and my partner flew from Curacao to Amsterdam, with a stop at Aruba, on a Boeing 767300ER of TUIfly Netherlands. Checkin was quick, but due to a late arrival of the aircraft boarding started late. Passengers to Amsterdam had to board first, while the passengers from Amsterdam to Aruba were asked to board second and fill up the remaining unassigned seats. The flight to Aruba was very quick only 20 minutes and no serviced was provided due to the short flight time. At Aruba the passengers to Amsterdam were asked to remain seated while the aircraft was prepared for its last leg to Amsterdam. After 90 minutes on the ground we departed slightly later then planned to Amsterdam. The seats were extremely narrow this 767 was equipped with a 242 configuration, instead of the designed 232 configuration. Legroom was good, because we booked comfort class a pitch of 33 inch, but the seats werent equipped with head rests. The interior looked also very dated due to the old overhead bins. The entertainment system was fine with a limited but good selection of movies and television series. After takeoff dinner was served chicken with onion sauce, which was not very good with a nonalcoholic drink service, after which coffee or tea were served. The lights were dimmed it was a night flight and two hours before arrival breakfast was served a croissant with a yoghurt and a drink. To conclude, the cabin crew was great, polite and very professional. But to be honest, the seats were so horrendous that I would not fly TUI again on this aging 767.
LisboaLuanda LuandaRio de Janeiro. First leg of the trip on Boeing 777. Very nice confortable seats. PTVs with AVOD ok. Food normal. The breakfast was tiny. Second leg of the trip on Boeing 747 Mixed. Seats more confortable than the 777 but the inflight entertainment was disappointing.
  The policy handbag  accessory less than 12 kg can be accepted as legitimate, but what happened because of its infraction was too harsh. If you go over even 2kg, as in my case, you cannot pay for extra weight. You have to pay 60 euros for hold baggage, and that means that you have to use the machine and then hold the line to load the hold baggage. Ironically, since my bag was 10kg, less than 12kg, they asked me if I wanted to carry it to the check in. The line got very long, between the weighting line, the hold line, and the check in line, and I almost lost the boarding time. They could just let me pay for my 2 kg extra on the place, and it would have been a normal process. Next time I will try to avoid Air France.
  I actually have not flown Cape Air yet as my ticket is for 2 weeks from now. I emailed Cape Air asking for refund due to corona virus. Sadly, I live in US and nobody can travel, all people are cancelling trips .. so its not possible for me to get to San Juan and then take the Cape Air flight even I wanted to. Other airlines, hotels, are refunding ok. Cape Air said I could reuse the ticket in coming months, then I said, like most, I will not be able to afford to travel for this kind of expensive trip for years as we resave. Then I get an email message that Cape AIr literally blocked me from emailing them. Despite the fact that almost nobody will be able to fly Cape Air for several weeks so plans will be empty, despite the fact that Cape Air will likely cancel most flights soon anyway, Cape Air is choosing to keep all the money from hundreds of flights over coming weeks paid by people getting sick, losing jobs, and in crisis. Pay more if you have to for another airline!
  Got a bargain flight. Paid for all the extras I required. Was told that next time I would not need to pay for an addon as it was included already in the other one bought. BSL based crew was very nice and found meal choice on first flight of day very good. No sandwich but many warm and snack options. Only drawbackno online checkin Resulting in having to be at the airport very early.
Gatwick to Alicante return. Both flights almost full and  on time. We booked extra leg room seats, well worth the money. Crew very good. Did not purchase any refreshments.
I booked a round trip with Silver Airways but could not fly with them either way. I received an email 2 hours before take off that it was cancelled. I booked a different longer, more expensive flight on another airline. An hour and half later, I received an email that my Silver flight was back on but I was already checked into the other flight. Then on the return flight, I began receiving flight delay emails at 2 am the morning of the flight then it was also cancelled. Again, I had book another more expensive and longer flight. Then to add insult to injury you cannot call and talk to anyone in customer service. There is only an email option to communicate with Silver. I sent multiple emails and over a week later, I was finally refunded for the flights I could not take but they cannot reimburse me for the additional $550 I paid in flights due to their fault and did not even attempt to accommodate me.
  They are not ready to fly internationally. Please avoid this terrible airline. No real professionalism in its staff and not even water is offered during the flight. The seats, are most uncomfortable. I will not recommend this airline to anybody. 
 Sydney to Phuket. Please avoid this airline at all cost. The cancellations and flight delays will end up costing you much much more as we had to rebook flights with other airlines to get home.
The fight was oversold, both the departure and arrival gates were double booked, and baggage did not show for 45 minutes. This resulted in the travel time being extended by 2.5 hours. Every time I have flown US Airways similar situations have arisen. I do not recommend using this airline unless tickets are half the price of competitors.
 Absolutely awful service both inbound and outbound traveling with an infant. Emirates made a mistake on my booking with an infant which resulted in me having to spend 2 hours at in the airport running between check in desk and ticketing desk with a hungry crying infant to rectify the mistake Emirates created. Onboard the return flight, the flight attendant refused to provide bottled water for so I could prepare infant formula despite having charged me 10 ticket price as infant fare. Finally, on arrival we found our stroller damaged and the baggage team is proposing to offer is 500 AED which is insufficient to replace the stroller. Absolutely awful experience. I urge travelers with infants to choose a better airline.
Short flight with Sriwijaya Air, on a Boeing 737800NG. The seat was comfortable with good legroom and with headrest. Even less than one hour flight, cabin crews still distributing us a snack a muffin and mineral water and also offering inflightshop. The flight itself was smooth with nice takeoff and smooth landing. Recommended this airline.
Nairobi  Kigali and Kigali  Entebbe. The NBOKGL flight on a MD82 that showed little signs of its age. Aircraft pretty clean seat pitch acceptable and no problem with understanding the public announcements which I have experienced differently on other airlines in the region. Safety demonstration okay although I wonder if the life jacket should have been shown as the flight was passing right over Victoria Lake. Flight left almost on time for the 70 minutes flight. Snack sandwiches fruit salad muffin served on board. Quality was okay for the length of the flight. Alcohol served free of charge. Professional and hard working crew partly western doing their job with a smile. Arrival and immigration procedures at KGL were efficient. KGL  EBB on a DHC8 previously operated by a Ethiopian carrier. Aircraft was clean. Only the seats were a bit older. Flight left even before scheduled departure time. Once again a professional crew serving drinks and peanuts on the fifty minutes flight. Amusing to see the cabin crew member performing the usual prelanding announcement and checking a newspaper at the same time. Staff at the airline city office in Kigali very helpful when I had to reschedule due to serious family circumstances back home.
We flew from Lima to Arequipa on one of Peruvians aged 737300s. The planes are in an alleconomy layout with very tight seats still in their Southwest Airlines decor. The airline offers nofrills barebones service by a VERY attractive group of male and female flight attendants. A free drink and snack box with an inedible sandwich is offered. This is the most basic way to travel around Peru. I cant suggest flying this carrier. It is cheap and gets you where you need to go. Dont expect them to run on time either.
Tianjin to Shanghai. Terrible service, terrible food and terrible airplane. Dirty and smelly, the cabin staff so miserable and horrible. Delays again with no announcement or no apology. If you come to China and you fly on a scheduled not budget airline, dont choose Shanghai Airlines.
 Guadalajara to Las Vegas. I cannot believe they had everyone board the plane, then had everyone deboard the plane, and they said it was because they did not do a security check. After security check they had us board the plane again. Crazy! How do they forget to do security check.
Portland to Philadelphia Feb 22 2015 flight 4437 then 799 to Orlando. Returned March 6th flight 1757 Orlando to Philadelphia then 4437 to Portland. A terrible experience. When booking flights it asks if you are travelling with children which I was yet not one of the three adults that were travelling were able to sit with the child. When we land in Philadelphia we go directly to the gate so that there will be no worries of us missing our flight. The time comes when we should be starting to load the plane and my husband goes and asks when will be boarding and they inform him the gate has changed which they had not announced. Us along with most of the people sitting around us run to the new gate. When we arrive they there is a delay because they have to bring in a new plane once the new plane arrives they have to clean it after an hour they tell us there are problems with the plane. We wait again and they announce the pilot has run out of time and they need to bring in another. Our 6 pm flight ends up leaving at 11.30 pm. When they do start to board the plane the lady starts yelling at everyone to hurry up like we were the reason for the plane being so late. The return flight comes around and I am thinking surely this time things will be better  wrong. We look at our tickets to see if by any chance we will have someone to sit with my son on any of the flights No. Then I notice that on one of the flights I do not have a seat number. I go to the counter and ask what does this mean and I am told I have to check at that airport when I arrive. I ask does this mean I will not be on the flights? Oh no you will be. I get to that airport and am told the flight is full I will have to wait for another flight. I said no I am travelling with three other people my husband child and elderly mother  I then wait for hours in another airport. In the end I did get on the plane. Will not fly US Airways again if I can help it.
  Cork to Dubrovnik return. Comfortable aircraft , Cork based crews very chatty and engaging. Legroom good. Cheapest fare allows 10kg checked luggage. This means very few suitcases on board. No fighting for locker space so no mad rush for boarding. Very positive experience at a very good price.
  The airline is fine if there is not a problem, if you dont mind many needless indignities and discomforts, but its a terrible airline if anything goes wrong. Just experienced a two hour delay due to a late arriving aircraft and there was no communication from the airline, nothing on the airport screens, and no information available through the app or flight tracking sites. Even the delayed incoming flight could not be found. When arriving at Orly, the buses us into a nonSchengen gate, where we all had to go through passport control despite this being a Schengen area flight. Bags also took a long time to be delivered. The crew is nice, but the seats are cramped and the cabin was filthy. The fare we paid was the same as Air France on the same route, even though its sold on the same website, belies the complete lack of services. I will avoid this airline in the future.
Dubai to Kabul. The food was fine and flight attendants very pleasant and helpful. The seats are comfortable. After reading a lot of reports which gave me some concern regarding times and luggage we took off on time from Dubai and didnt have any problems with our luggage. Planes need to be newer but they were clean and got you to your destination.
  Vancouver to Taipei. One of the worst experiences I have had boarding a gate. Prior to boarding the gate I was hassled over my returning ticket which I did have. The boarding staff of China airlines were terrible they were forcing me to purchase another ticket. On top of that I am being told they will not allow me to board the gate, they will close the gate on me and that I would be sent home. I was forced to purchase a ticket that I will not use and cannot be refunded on now. All of my friends who flew out to Bali did not have any of these issues or forced to purchase a ticket going home. The absolute worst experience.
  Puerto Vallarta to Guadalajara. Scheduled for 1715, first delay 1800, then 1830, then 1850. No staff and no explanation. Now the screen reads Viva aerobus to Puebla at 1900. Still no staff and still no explanation. I will never use this airline again.
DomedovoChelyabinsk return. First time with S7. All fights on time on all legs. Very smart aircraft clean and comfortable. Lots of leg room in economy. Courteous staff though not much English. Food excellent.
  Ground service is okay. Cabin environment is okay, Crew attitude willing. Beverage and food normal. The bad thing is delay of flight. And the worst thing is about baggage service. My luggage were damaged three times in a row.
Booked BGI to FDR in July 2014 LIAT changed the time but did not notify passengers. We made the flight only by arriving early anyway with minutes to spare. Second flight FDR to SLU 1000Hrs. Yup 0930 change no notification but we checked. Arrived FDR only 11 people infront of us 45 Minutes to the desk. Checked in boarding cards in hand. Flight Delayed. It appears that either the AC arrived and experienced mechanical failure or was sitting overnight and failed preflight. Absolutely zero information except to hangon and wait. Nothing else. They did provide lunch tickets for the Bagel Shop. Special Note to the lady running the LIAT customer service Martinique Thank you. So the new ATR42 sits busted on the pad. They fly in the OldReliable Bombardier8 and we leave at 1430. Arrive SLU and AVIS has given our reserved car away. One last LIAT flight SLU to BGI in 2 weeks.
HKGPEK in Business. Two hour delay at HKG passengers have been told because late arrival of the aircraft. But KA is based in HKG surely KA could reorganise the aircraft better. Business lounge the Pier close to gate 64 is pretty average Qantas business class is so much better. Boarding process was pretty average staff made announcement of boarding but did not board anyone until 15 minutes later. Inflight service was pretty bad for business class. Crew did not clean away the predeparture water glass and wet towel until dinner was served. The cabin lights turned off before dinner items were cleaned. It was bad service for a business class for any airline. On a positive note KA finally has personal entertaining system in business class the seat is also better than the old one.
  My flight from San Jose to Santa Teresa was cancelled without notice. I only found out when I arrived in the airport that they were providing a shuttle instead. My 50 min trip turned into a 6 hours shuttle ride, 2 hour ferry ride followed by another 2 hour shuttle rise. My returning flight was also cancelled but with no shuttle provided. It is now 2 months and 100 calls later and Im still waiting for my refund. Beware. Do not use this airline. I recommend using a private shuttle to get around.
Unfortunately my experience wasnt a pleasant one. I wish it was for the amount of hours I had to spend on the plane. Anything, from water to a blanket, has a cost. No snacks,no drinks are served for free. If you buy the cheapest fare, your seat wont even recline, it wasnt mentioned online. My trip was 6 hours to Bogot from Santiago, and a last 5 hours flight to Mexico city. Very badly organised during the embark and disembark periods, both take long time. Not recommended unless its a really urgent flight or no better alternative.
  No variety for food and beverages  Poorly organized. The hand luggage is way smaller than n any other company and basically forces you not to take one. Worst flying experience of my life.
Ive used within China 4 different airlines Air China Spring Airlines Shenzen Airlines and Kunpeng Airlines. Clearly the best one was Kunpeng Airlines. Although the flight had a delay of 2 hours bad weather at the airport from which the airplane came information at the airport was good boarding really fast after the airplane arrived. Nevertheless it was clean inside and the crew was very friendly. As it was a short flight only 45 minutes I expected less or no service onboard. Was surprised that they offer a drink and a small meal. The airplane itself seems to be a new one.
  Colombo to Dubai. I encountered the worst experience ever. If youre travelling with kids please do not book this airline. When I requested a bassinet for my 8 month old they refused it initially, telling me that the bassinet will be too small, but in reality it fit my baby perfectly. The staff have a major attitude and they are thinking its giving from their hand or pocket. 
  Back in December 2021 my flight with LOT was cancelled. Until this day June 2022 I have not received my ticket money back, not even mentioning the compensation. Moreover they refuse to give me my money back for service that was not provided. I definitely do not recommend LOT, worst experience ever!
  Found a great deal and flew with JAL when I traveled from southeast Texas to Singapore. JAL staff in Seattle werent particularly friendly, but JAL staff at Narita were quite pleasant and helpful in my brief interactions with them. The quality of the meal and drinks were quite satisfactory for economy class. They had a decent selection of entertainment from around the world, including some Japanese movies that I ended up watching with English subtitles. The plane and lavatories were clean the onflight personnel, the utmost in being pleasant and professional. One flight attendant in particular, Cindy from Singapore, chatted with me about Singapore for a minute and wished me safe and enjoyable travels to that city. Something else I got up and went to the toilet, and came back only to find my neck pillow missing Im convinced that some passenger stole it. Who does that, steal a nondescript black neck pillow?! At any rate, I disembarked the plane after landing at Narita right before walking out of the jetway, I still wanted to try to at least make one more effort to find that neck pillow. I explained to the flight staff that I was looking for a pillow, and it had gone missing. 56 flight attendants sprung into action, with me, to look for that pillow. While it was never found, I made sure to smile and say Thank you! I have a hard time imagining that that level of service would ever occur on a North American airline. The only reason that Ive reduced JALs rating from 9 to 7, is because trying to call, email or contact them otherwise through my online JAL account about changing flights is absolutely like pulling teeth this has been a problem for a different trip than this one. JAL desperately needs to work on aspects of their offflight customer service, at least for nonJapanese customers. Nonetheless, theyre still one of the truly best airlines in the world.
I flew from Victoria Falls to Windhoek and from Windhoek to Gaborone. Both flights were on ERJ135 planes. Actually it turned out to be the same plane and piloted by the same woman pilot. Both flights were on time and were only halffull. The single cabin crew served a small meal during the short 1.5 hour flights. All very relaxed and very adequate.
 Swoop is the most unreliable airline you could find. Shame on West jet. I booked a trip to Montego Bay in March 2022. The trip was supposed to be 5 days, Swoop changed the flight to 7 days then I had to rebook with West Jet and pay more money for the 5 days that I wanted. I booked a family vacation to Alberta in July 2022. My flight was cancelled once again. I was placed on a West Jet flight 2 days later. I lost money on car rental and hotel with no compensation from Swoop. I once again got ditched by Swoop yesterday December 22nd 2022. My family trip was cancelled, I dont know the reason because the weather was fine, many other airlines was going out of Pearson, my relatives prepared and payed for transportation. Swoop will spoil your vacation and your plans. Do not use this airline, they will disappoint you. Never again, I have learned my lesson the hard way 3 times in a row. Shame on you for always ditching your customers.
  Denver to London Gatwick. Stranded at 1am after an 8.40pm flight got cancelled. The staff delayed and delayed us with little information or compensation other than a meal ticket. When they finally cancelled on us, 700 people had to find somewhere to sleep at 1am and they didnt fly us until the next evening. The staff were rude and unhelpful. Their contact center is useless, forget ever getting any compensation, and no tickets under any circumstances are refundable because this business doesnt support its customers. Do not fly with them, no matter how good their prices are, once you finally board and theyre often late the experience is less than satisfactory, TV screen didnt work, uncomfortable seats, terrible food, grumpy staff.
  Johannesburg to Cape Town. We parents, children and grand parents had bought tickets for a connecting flight to Cape Town from Jburg more than half a year ago and only had a short time to find the Kulula check in counter, which wasnt so easy for us. We got there 20 mins before the counter was closing, but were told the flight had been overbooked. Everybody at the counter was hopelessly confused, and not very good at communicating to us. After a lot of waiting around, we had to wait for 2 hours for the next flight. Returning from Cape Town with Mango Air was way better.
  My wife and I travelled from Cape Town to Barcelona via Zurich in November 2017 with our 8 month old baby on Edelweiss  Swiss Air. My review is in connection with the longhaul flights between Cape Town and Zurich. Edelweiss is overall a good carrier. The aircraft was new, clean and engendered trust in the airline, however there are two points which the airline has to improve upon Accommodating babies. On the Cape Town to Zurich leg, there was insufficient time to book a seat at the bulkhead with a Bassinet, however the Cape Town ground crew assisted us and upgraded us to Economy Max which provided us with bulkhead seating and a bassinet for our baby to sleep in, which was appreciated and not expected. However upon our return trip, which ironically was when we had the foresight to try to book a bulkhead seat in normal economy, we found that in trying to book a bulkhead seat and a bassinet both on the website and via email correspondence ,the airline did not accommodate us. We even paid 58CHF to secure 2 seats, however there were no bulkhead seats available and NO provision for parents with babies who actually need those bulkhead seats due to the bassinet facilities. Upon arrival at both Barcelona and Zurich Airports  on return to Cape Town  the ground crew would not or could not help us. We therefore had to travel 12 hours with a baby on our lap between Zurich and Cape Town and noted that the bulkhead seats were not occupied by people with babies. A most uncomfortable arrangement, with airline crew not assisting in making it any more easy for us or offering more suitable seating with a bassinet. It is totally unacceptable that no provision is made for booking with infants on the website or via email. We did send an email about 3 days prior to our trip, but this was only answered upon retuning to Cape Town. Not acceptable. The boarding system is chaotic. Not only in Cape Town, but Barcelona and Zurich. Everyone rushes at the same time to board the aircraft upon announcement of boarding. Why does the airline not look at what Singapore Airlines or other airlines do in boarding in a systematic and orderly fashion  thereby reducing an anxious and chaotic boarding process. They are a Swiss Airline after all  one would expect it! Ironically, upon getting into the aircraft, the aircrew constantly harass passengers with an announcement basically saying that passengers much step aside and get in their seats as soon as possible to allow other passengers to board. Surely if they instituted an orderly boarding system, this would actually be far more efficient, and this announcement would be unnecessary?
  Never fly with them! The check in process is slow, the boarding is a repetition of the check in they ask the same documents two times the food un the plane is horrible. The seat with more space have the same space of the standard seat.
 We arrived today Dec 29 at 910pm. After a brief delay we were finally able to go get our luggage. We waited over 2hrs for our luggage with no news updates from the airline. I had to ask one of the baggage handlers for more information. Apparently there were no handlers to take the luggage off the plane. Furthermore, there was no one working the swoop desk to get information from. Finally a Swoop representative came in and she had no clue what was going on as she was just called in.
  Gran Canaria to Catania via Brussels. They post on Internet flight that do not exist In fact After you Pay they send a mail, in my case to the agency, informing that the flight is canceled, but the flight stay on internet to make more victims when you ask a refund they are very reluctant to give money back. My flight should depart 6th of June, They say maybe give refund in November.
  Berlin to Tallinn. I found the service professional. The cabin crew and the airport staff were friendly. The flights were very good. One thing needs to be improved. I prefer that there is no change of gate at the airport which happened in both of my trips.
  The flight and pilots were nice but the young woman working at the airport checkin in Burlington VT on September 14, 2021, was incredibly rude and aggressive. I can not believe the attitude she dared to have! First, she purposefully talked so quietly that it was impossible to hear her, she mumbled the entire time, grabbed my hand luggage to weight it without explaining why, which had me surprised since this was not an international flight I realized later that it was due to the size of the plane, she asked me the most random questions without context while rolling her eyes, and when I was leaving the counter the literally hissed at me Whats with the face while staring me in the eye  I could not believe it.  I understand that everyone can have a bad day but attacking wellmeaning passengers like that is unheard of!  I was flying back with the same airline the next day and luckily, another woman was working that day and everything was fine. Ill definitely not fly with them again.
  Paris to Cape Town. Flew Joon for the first time in July, it was the last leg of a very long flight from Memphis to Cape Town. There were some ups and downs with Joon.The flight was delayed by 2 hours mechanical, when boarding everyone lined up, and they let on some passengers and then the line didnt move for 30 minutes. As far as inflight, Wifi did not work, that was the only issue. FA and staff were really good. Everyone was super friendly and helpful. I had an economy Duo Seat and there was plenty of room. The entertainment system worked very well. Bring your own earbudsheadset, the ones they give you are not very good. As far as the food goes, it was not really any better or any worse than what I have had on KLM or Delta long haul flights. The A340 flew so smooth, on of my favorites.
 Warsaw to Baku. Such a poor product for business class. This is a 4 hours flight and no hot meal at all was served just cold cuts basically  even Lufthansa does better than this. Selection of wine and beverages is very limited, no champagne or prosecco of any kind, but a rather cheap Polish sparkling wine. The service is not polished and not very friendly. Seat is stone hard. No WiFi on board and of course no IFE or overhead screens the selection of movies streamed onboard is ridiculous in terms of quantity and quality. No inflight map. The positives the 7378 Max used was very clean and quiet and the price was half compared to Lufthansa. Never again.
  Gatwick to St. Petersburg. After years of having an extremely lax baggage policy, where they didnt charge anything to check in the first bag, let excess kilos float through without comment, and never paid any attention to cabin bags, Aeroflot has done a complete Uturn. Now you have to pay for luggage in the hold £36 per item and they are applying zero tolerance for a few grams over and weighing handbaggage, applying limits to the letter. My excess on the same amount of luggage Ive travelled with for years came to £129, almost doubling the price of my ticket. It was extracted by the service staff, at times barely suppressing smiles. The baggage policy  or lack of one  was among the very few positives. Ill be thinking long and hard when booking a flight to Russia next time.
  Worst airline experience ever, due to terrible service. The staff is very desorganized and doesnt want to help the customers. They kept changing gates on multiple airports, and constantly giving wrong information to all the guests. Basically each staff would tell you a different information about the flight, like telling you the flight is delayed 1 hour, asking you to seat down at the gate waiting for information, and suddenly you realize your flight is already boarding on another gate and is actually not delayed. Also during boarding they are messy and create problems out of nowhere, for example while checking the boarding pass before boarding they tell me my name is incorrect and I need to go and change it ASAP, but actually no, they just dont really know how to read, and all of them look a bit oblivious of whats going on at all times.
  Had a bad preflight experience with the airline, I had accidentally booked 15 kgs of extra Luggage instead of 10 KG. I contacted Vistara customer care to reduce my extra Luggage to 10 KG and refund the rest as airline points so as that I can use it in my return flight to Delhi after a month. I offered to make an additional 10kg purchase of luggage along with this carryover 5KG right away, but they refused to help me out. These requests were made 6 hrs prior to my first flight here from Auckland. 
Another example why Bahamasair monopoly structure lead to high prices combined with bad service. Second flight. Second delay of hours without any information. Before I have to fly a third time with Bahamasair I would rather swim the 200 miles to Miami. Quicker.
AMSATH return. New Airbus aircraft friendly and polite cabin crew with elegant uniforms. Legroom was great service outstanding sweets before takeoff meal service including drink rounds. They are trying hard to provide an excellent service and to my opinion they did.
  Worst Airline ever. We flew from Panama City to Bocas and back to Panama City and had a 2,5 hour delay each way. The bad thing about that is not the delay itself but the lack of communication. As there are no displays at the airport we had to ask every 10 min when we will proceed or what the current problem is. The staff first didnt say anything and dissappeared to the back office. A half hour later it was said that the airplane has a preventative maintenance  how can you have a planned maintenance when the plane should be in the air? Overall it was a lie, as our plane arrived two hours later with passengers on board. The planes are very old with a museum smell in the cabin. Now we are on our way back from Bocas to Panama City and have a 2,5 hour delay again. This was communicated 10 min before boarding... lets see when and if we arrive. If you can avoid it, never fly Air Panama.
  Pyongyang to Beijing with hotcold drinks and a hamburger which was adequate for length of flight. Very polite and welcoming service. Efficient check in and boarding. In flight entertainment limited to a video of recent North Korean hits. Pyongyang Times and Korea Today  available to take on board.
I sat in Economy but paid the $30 to have expedited security and boarding privileges. I was seated in 4D right behind Economy Select. This is probably the best Economy cabin Ive traveled in. Stylish comfortable decent amount of room Im 63. The staff are wellgroomed and enthusiastic. There was some shenanigans on board with two parties who kept wanting to switch seats and the flight attendants handled it with humor and ease. I had a short flight under three hours so the complimentary entertainment options on RED were plenty for me. Also when I went to the restroom the flight attendant opened the door for me. When I went in it was quite large well lit and played spa music. Also when washing my hands the faucet actually stayed on long enough for me to wash my hands instead of me having to keep depressing it. Again a small thing but its this list of small things about Virgin that have made me a loyal customer. I paid $49 for my trip from DC to Dallas. For $49 I got excellent service comfortable economy seating and free entertainment. If I have to list one negative Id say its the fact that the remote control for the entertainment system is a bit challenging to use.
 This is my first experience with Air New Zealand and the worst airline for customer service. My ticket was cancelled and rebooked on a non optimal flight without advising me. On day of departure I was refused check in even when I arrived 3 hours prior to departure, told to go away and book another flight on their customers service number. When I rang was on hold for 2 days getting redirected and hung up on with no resolution. Tried visiting Brisbane office but this has now closed. Airline did not accept any responsibility for their terrible customer service. As such I am out of thousands of dollars from missed connecting flights and accommodation. I will never trust or choose Air New Zealand for my flights.
 First they separated me and my family 4. My 9 year old daughter sitting in another row between two strangers. When I asked if they can do anything to stay together the crew said no because she is old enough to be on her own. I didnt want to have to disclose the fact that she is special needs because I thought they would accommodate but they couldnt have cared less. I had to check in my carry on luggage because of no room in the overhead bin. Upon boarding the plane I saw that the overhead bins had personal items in them and poorly placed luggage, consuming the most space horizontally. The crew did nothing to accommodate my travels or others. Very disappointed.
  Moscow to Cheboksary with Pobeda Airlines. The price was around £50 return ticket  £25 for an extra hand luggage. Pobedas website was excellent for booking tickets, and what I liked was that all fees and charges were communicated in a very clear and userfriendly way. Checkin at Moscow VKO was done effectively, in a friendly manner. At Cheboksary the checkin was a bit messy, as airport was very small, though still fast and friendly. The planes on both legs were new Boeing 737800s. Although seats did not recline, legroom was fine. No food was served during flights, but FA offered water at any call. Staff was all about speed and efficiency and were very good at it. All in all, a very good lowcost airline. 
  I have flown this service before. It is a quick flight between the 2 major regional cities in the north approx 45 min flying time cutting down around a 3 to 4 hour drive. There is no classes available and whilst you could select your seat it was on a first come first served basis. The plane was full only a few empty seats so no opportunities to move seats. It is mostly workers commuting between the cities or to connecting charter flights for mining We were slightly late on take off due to the catering being late. The catering company also failed to deliver the alcohol so they made the decision to leave without it. We did however land on time. I cant blame the airline for this but I was looking forward to having a glass of wine. They provided an inflight snack manna from heaven which was a small box of 3 x bite sized snacks very tasty  your choice of soft drink. Considering the flight time was so short the cabin staff did well to serve the whole cabin  do a rubbish collection and then we were ready for descent The cabin crew were courteous and efficient but nothing jumped out to me as a WOW The cabin and seats themselves are very tight and not a lot of room. I would imagine it would very uncomfortable for a tall or large person  i am only 5 ft  especially of the flight was longer then 1 hour. The cabin was clean. There is no entertainment provided or wifi aboard but again for such a short hop it isnt needed. I will fly QantasLink and this route again.
  The flights to the Scilly Isles are notorious due to the weather Skybus has reduced the number of destinations it flies beyond its own hub at Lands End We chose to fly from Exeter as the drive down to Lands End in the summer is a nightmare and we were travelling from London We drove 4 hours to Exeter Airport for the outward leg. The flight was great and delayed only an hour We arrived back at St Marys for the return flight 5 days later and discovered one of their twin otters had gone tech. It was hard to find out this information as no announcements were made but check in wasnt progressing and finally the news broke! We eventually found out they were going to split our flight into 2 Islander flights 8 seater flights in 2 sequential flights to Lands End The remaining otter was used to fly the scheduled Lands end flight After reaching Lands End we were going to be driven to Exeter a 212 hour drive Apologies from skybus staff were few and far between  one child burst into tears! We were told it was the best solution to preserve their schedule! It was obvious this solution was best for the company but not for the passengers . The remaining otter with sufficient range should have gone to Exeter and the islanders used to shuttle to Lands End to minimise the overall delay to ALL passengers We arrived in Exeter 4 12 hours late  a very unsatisfactory end to the holiday with a further 4 hour drive in our own car ,exhausting ! It appears the company were unmoved by the inconvenience and not prepared to extend operating hours to find a satisfactory solution. Be warned!
I am absolutely disgusted with the service of the national flag carrier  Bahamasair. It is totally ridiculous that we are since centuries saddled with the level of service or lack thereof in delivering passengers to their destinations in a timely manner. We have heard enough excuses. We believe that this national airline is a complete failure vis a vis customer service and delivering the difference. The only reason that Bahamasair still has passengers on the family island routes is because of the monopoly that exists there. I fell in a Bahamasair trap a few months ago when I had to go from Miami to Freeport. I was booked on a nonstop flight UP244. At the counter I was told than they would not have that service and I would have to go via Nassau  even if I would need 5 hours for this trip. Bahamasair can spoil your vacation even before you arrive at your destination. And what is the Bahamas government saying t is better in the Bahamas. A well known investor has another marketing slogan for the Bahamas Look at it but do not touch it! I was glad to be able to catch a American Eagle flight same evening and a few minutes later only.
Waited 65 min for bag drop at Florence  after only one check in desk for premium and economy for the first half hour from 90 min before flight WX 280. Suitcase was damaged en route from LCY to Florence. Service on board is minimal  tea, coffee water and a small snack, but pleasant crew. It was overpriced at £340 return. The return flight was 55 min late leaving which the crew had the cheek to blame on security queues  nonsense! Then the pushback tug broke down. Safety rules breached by allowing window blinds to be closed at takeoff. 
 3 hour wait to get to baggage drop. They let all the Israeli citizens cut through the line. All non Israeli passengers ended up standing in line for hours. I waited 3 hours. Then another 30 min for security. None of the staff were helpful. They were all rude and did not care. They had 3 staff on at baggage collection with hours of passengers to go through. Highly recommend never using this airline!
LGWVAR Outgoing flight bumped twice before we even arrived at the airport then a technical failure so ended up flying at 2200 instead of 0830  arrived 0400 with no public transport. Aircraft needed a good clean to fixtures and fittings cabin lights not working properly. Return flight very tatty and dirty lights again faulty. Seat pitch awful. Call centre staff in Sofia didnt do what we asked. Flight crew okay spoke English and Bulgarian. Quality of service that of RyanairEasyjet but full price tickets.
 So far, I have never had such a bad experience as with Turkish Airlines. Generally speaking, the flight staff on the plane are friendly, but that is the only positive thing about this airline. In my example, the flight was already rebooked on the outward flight because of Turkish Airlines. The situation continued on the return flight, when they once again rebooked the return flight two weeks in advance at inhuman times with eternal delays. As if that wasnt enough, they cancelled this already rebooked inhumane flight 10 hours before departure. Turkish Airlines only needed a short email to cancel without any possible contacts or other options. At the airport, the fun really started. Seeing that the flight was still available and that more and more people with the same problem were piling up, Turkish Airlines still didnt have enough reason to act. 10 minutes before the end of checkin, they were content to calmly do something. However, without success and above all without compensation or even an apology. Service and decency are probably not even present at this airline.
Yesterday I experienced the worst customer service from an airline that I have experienced. When checking in for my return flight from Palma to Oostende the procedure was completely a shambles and when you take it up with the staff you are met with such rude attitude. In all my years of travelling I have never experienced such rude staff as I saw in action yesterday. The flight itself back to Oostende was in an aircraft that is showing its age but clearly TUI cant be bothered to clean it. Even the chewing gum on the seat in front of me was not even cleaned off. All in all an experience that I never want ever again.
Ashgabat to Minsk. Brand new Boeing 737800. Good seat pitch config 33 seats are comfortable enough. There are only TVs in the middle of the cabin there is no other entertainment. Flight attendants are very polite. Good value for money comfortable and enjoyable experience overall.
  Kilimanjaro to Dar es Salaam. fastjet cancelled my flight during the night and I didnt receive any news. When I came to the fastjet office in Moshi to ask for the airport shuttle I was told there is no bus and no flight. There was nobody reachable and I had to try to get my connection flight by myself. Until now there was no answer from fastjet. Nothing. No refund, no email, no call.  There was not even a single hint why they cancelled the flight. Better to book with any other airline than fastjet. If you want to throw away your money book with fastjet.
  Two on time flights with the return flight even landing 20 minutes early. Both flights very friendly cabin crew and clean cabin. Seats are not that bad and legroom space is not worse or better then other airlines. I have flown this route with Ryanair many times and surely use their services in the near future again. One more due compliment to ground staff in Charleroi checkin with two suitcases took exactly 30 seconds .
 My flight from CMN to CAI 2.15 pm on 0108 was delayed by 5 hours. The connecting flight from CAI to ADD on 0109 was cancelled. It took them 4 hours to give us proper information. They told me they would put me on the CAI to ADD flight the next day 24 hours later. 45 min. before departure the Egyptair transit desk told me that I could not board because my CovidPCR test had expired. 30 min. before departure they realized that it was a mistake, because they had confused the day of the test with the day of my birthday. By that time, the boarding of the flight had closed. It took another 6 hours for Egyptair to figure out where I could do a new test. I got a special permission to do it within the terminal and had to pay EUR 90. I never received a receipt for this test although I asked several times. By that time, I had spent 34 hours in the transit terminal, without proper information, without accommodation, without communication there is only 30 min. free internet. It was very cold and they did not even give us a blanket. On 0110 at 12.30 pm I was put up in an airport hotel. I was rebooked on a flight CAINBOBJM 2 days later. I left CAI on 0112 9.30 pm and arrived in BJM on 0113 10 am. The scheduled arrival was 0109 1 pm, 4 days earlier. Of course, my luggage did not show up and I put in a claim. It finally arrived in BJM on 0121, with a delay of another 8 days. Egyptair in the transit terminal in CAI was not helpful at all. The staff was extremely rude, impolite and incompetent. They took our passport to process the new tickets, they let little children sleep on the floor without even a blanket, and no warm meal in nearly 35 hours, not able to communicate with anyone with only 30 min. free Wifi. No one listened to us and no one ever apologized. Of course no refund for anything was given. You cannot reach anyone by phone and emails are being left unanswered. A disgrace for the airline industry.
  Toronto to Barcelona via Keflavik. We never did get to fly with this airline but seeing other reviews of the actual flights, glad we didnt. Our horror story is all about their customer service and flight cancellation process. We had flights to Barcelona and discovered after we called them to look at extending a layover, that they were in the process of reviewing the flight and it likely wasnt going to fly. We were misinformed on multiple occasions about how we could seek compensation for the additional cost of another flight this late in the game. Long story short, they have continued to ignore our complaints both written and over the phone and have yet to compensate us as they should. Will never recommend WOW air to anyone.
 Air Berlin is by far the worst airline I have ever flown on. They are always delayed, and for my flight from Berlin to Stockholm they didnt even post it on the screens. I cant think of any positive over other airlines. They are not the cheapest and do not offer good quality. This airline fails on every aspect of being an airline. Will never fly with them again. 
MontrealParis and back with Corsair was a very poor experience. It is very much a child friendly airline so very noisy throughout the flight. Food not so good and the service was average. My problem is with the airline changing aircrafts without any notice beforehand and therefore my seat reservation. I found out at checkin at which point nothing else was available and I ended up in middle seat as the aircraft was full to capacity. Very long return flight9 hrs including wait for takeoff lane in Orly 45 mins and another wait for parking lane at arrival in Dorval 45 mins. Orly airport is a nightmare conflicting info long lines with little management confused staff unmanned desks and uncooperative staff.
  Mexico City to Houston. Do not check in your bags. I paid to check in 2 bags and things were stolen. I did not realize it until I got home. I called numerous numerous times and nobody would let me do a report because I had left the airport. They do not care about the customers.
  Bonn to Prague via Berlin. Absolutely bad experience. I bought flight at 5pm from Berlin and instead they put me on flight at 9pm. Nobody was able to explain me why. After staying in line for almost an hour to actually talk with someone they tell me that I have flight for today so they dont understand why is my problem  if they would tell me up front that the flight at 5pm will not happen I would fly directly from Bonn to Prague at 7 pm. These people are cheating their customers.
  Birmingham to Fort Smith via Dallas. Worst experience Ive ever had. Flights cancelled due to maintenance not weather  agents arent being told truth to tell us   either that or they are told to lie to us. Just tell me the truth and I can accept it. But to lie to us is unacceptable. Then no hotel  after we were told we would have a hotel at the location we were laying over in once we get there. 1230am and we all have to fight to get them to give us a hotel like we were promised since it was a maintenance issue. Today get to airport early, flight cancelled due to maintenance, now setting on a plane waiting for fuel and a restroom that we were told doesnt work! Now we are told another maintenance issue exists and we are delayed again!  Will never fly American again after my points are used!
  Horrible. Flight delayed more than 1 hour. After luckily making my connection right on time, upon arriving I find that my checkedin luggage has been lost. I filed a complaint, they said my luggage would be delivered to me in 1 or 2 days. Two days have passed and I have not received any feedback. My address for delivery in their website is incorrect I chose to send to my temporary address, but they are showing that they are sending to my permanent address, which is in another country. Their websites are broken so you cannot update any information successfully. I called multiple times, one call took more than 35 minutes and nothing was resolved. Other calls I have waited for 20 minutes and then the call was dropped without having the chance to talk to anyone. 
  Luton to Bucharest. Absolutely disgusting customer service. I made a booking for a morning flight from Luton and in the confirmation it was the afternoon flight. I called them straight to mention there is an error and I had the screenshots from my phone to prove I booked the morning flight not the afternoon one. I had to send my proof on an email address and I had to wait. more then 24 hours. Yesterday the lady said that I have to pay 17 pounds to make the change or I can wait until we get a response. I said I will wait as I dont want to pay for something what I already paid for. Today after I called them again yesterday I called them 45 times to see if there is an answer yet the lady said now I have to pay 51 pound as my request was rejected and today the price for the same flight has gone up. Yesterday nobody mentioned to me that the 17 pound can change. I am traveling alone with 2 small children. Thats why I booked the morning flight as I did not want to arrive to Bucharest at midnight and then travel an other 3 hours back to my home town. When I said to the lady that I want to talk to her manager as she made a mistake by not mentioning to me that the 17 pounds can change then she shut the phone on me. Ever since nobody picked up the phone on the same number. Since then I called Romania and Belgium as well but it seems nobody can help me. Absolutely disgusting and Im fuming that something like this can happen. 
  Delhi to Taipei. Service excellent and staff were professional. Food was far better than expected. The plane was very comfortable and quiet. After 8 hours plus of travel arrived to Taipei Flights seem to go quick.
  Hong Kong to Shenyang via Seoul. Korean Air has recently introduced a ridiculous policy of not allowing online or appbased seat changes even for Biz class unless you are a member of their program. Their response is it is a security issue. But it seems they just want to collect even more information than they already have and discourage your use of your other program membership, I am an elite Skyteam member via Delta, and all I want to do is change my seat. this is both pre and during online checkin. Really doesnt make sense. Thousands paid for the ticket and I cant even choose the seat I want. Very disappointing but inline with the overall poor customer service performance I am accustomed to receiving on Korean Air. I am not sure if they truly understand the concept of alliances and the purpose of sticking with an alliance like Skyteam. They really need to consider this poor service with their customers.
I was on a flight with them from Kilimanjaro to Zanzibar via Dar es Salaam. Operated by a small 20 seater but no complaints. Especially in the front there was enough room. Flight was delayed by one hour but I guess thats was happens in Africa. Tickets could easily be booked online and we confirmed them again in their office in Arusha. Baggage limit is 20kg but although both of us had 25kg each we could pass without paying more. Would definitely go with them again.
 CANCELLATION!! Was booked on 625 DL 380 8am flight nonstop LAX to DC. At 503 Delta sent text We look forward to welcoming you on board soon. Your flight to Washington, DC DCA  DL380 is departing on time from Gate 20 in Terminal 3 at 800 AM. On my way to LAX, 527 DELTA Cancelled flight and rescheduled me on a red eye leaving at 525am on 626 arriving in DC at 2pm stopover in Minneapolis. Arrived at LAX to try and change red eye to different flight. After waiting in Checkin line then had to endure Over an hour wait in Assistance line. Antiquated checkin, flight issue system. TIP DO NOT FLY DELTA!!
  Pleasantly surprised to be given a bottle of water and a Danish pastry just after take off. Especially considering it was a very short flight. Just over an hour. After enjoying the snack the stewardess quickly came back with fresh hot tea and coffee. Great service all around. 
Used Lan Peru twice Lima  Arequipa and Arequipa  Juliaca during our holiday to Peru. Both occasions the plane was an Airbus A320 very clean comfortable  new looking. We had inflight videos to watch plus a magazine to read  an edible breakfast to enjoy. Staff were very friendly  pleasant. The only bad thing I can say about these two excellent flights are cabin crew should be more strict on passenger rules. I saw a tour rep use a mobile phone before take off at Arequipa and other passengers had seat backs reclined during take offlanding.
  Chengdu to Los Angeles on Aug 25, 2019. Extremely happy with the cabin crew. Very nice and caring. Excellent service overall. Would definitely recommend my friends if not fly again myself.
I have used Iran Air for several Asian and Euro destinations as well as many domestic flights. It was always a B747 for international and A300B727 for domestic flights. The flight attendants are mixture of old ladies and young guys with beard and mustache. Apart from that their service is not bad. There seems to be a clear distinction between flight attendants before and after revolution. The former are very prestigious. Food is great! There is basically no entertainment so dont wait for it. But the flights are comfortable. It is a warm environment and I like it. Airports are like train stations in Europe  if not worse. But it is better than Indian or Pakistani airports anyway! When flying with an Iran Air B747 just remember it is 25 years old! One great advantage of this airline is the cheap domestic flights but apparently that is not going to last long.
  Boston to Copenhagen via Dusseldorf. Excellent outbound flight with efficient and personal service by cabine crew. Seamless transfer in Dsseldorf. Return flight with same route. Delayed departure but on time arrival. Outstanding purser but desinterested and demotivated cabin crew, at least mine. Counterpart had to check all passengers in biz class while the one assigned to me sat in one of the passengers seats for the last part of the flight. Overall, I would recommend this business class, good service with reasonable prices.
  Terrible people skills from flight attendants  they were very rude and confrontational. Multiple delays to flight. Seemed to cut corners to save time, instead of checking that all carry on items were stowed under seats, they made an announcement saying they dont have time so please stow your things. Same for seatbelts.
  Milan to Cagliari. Wasnt taking an Alitalia flight for years, and was expecting the worse. Funny enough, Ive found decent service and reasonably clean aircraft, with good knee space. Flight attendants looked stressed, but didnt disappoint. Surely will choose Alitalia  again, at least for short range flights.
  Second time I flew with Air Europa, second time they lost my luggage. Getting in contact with the customer service is a pain in the a. Calling from Cuba on a regular phone costs 4 dollar per minute, The quality with VOIP is very limited and the English skills of their staff very limited. The online tracking of my luggage didnt work before they opened their office. Then it was impossible to save the changes I had to make. Calling them seriously tests your patience. I waited on waiting lines for more than 2 hours.I asked the account several times to talk slow and louder because the connection was so bad. She hang up! This customer service is by far the worst Ive ever experienced. 
  Good airline, faster checkin. Less Queues. Only issue was lack of info on terminals in JKT. On time service from Jakarta to Bali. Baggage collection was fast
  Disgusting experience  do not book a flight with this airline. Prior to the Covid19 being declared a pandemic, Malindo decided they were no longer going to fly this route so cancelled the flight. I requested a refund and was told we needed to wait 30 days for this to clear. After numerous phone calls, emails and a wait of approx. 50 days we were issued with a credit note  to be used within 6 months. They cancelled, not us  therefore we are entitled to a full refund. Their customer care line the joke is in the title as there is zero care! hung up when I called chasing my refund. I was told for 5 weeks I would be receiving a refund to my credit card but they then issued a credit note to be used during a pandemic! Do yourself a huge favour and book elsewhere.
Birmingham to Newcastle returned. Both flights very pleasant friendly cabin crew who were polite. Free drinks on board including alcohol and a pack of crisps. Would fly Eastern Airways again unfortunately they dont fly to very many destinations. Only negative is flights are quite expensive.
  Very unprofessional. Flight was cancelled with out information The service person was rude and unprofessional. Gave food voucher but not happy with the unprofessional attitude and rude behavior
  Flew DOHKGL March 2023 on a Qatar Airways award ticket. The B737800 aircraft was aged interior was at times taped together. Flight on time. Check In and transfers was difficult as Rwandair is less known by legacy carriers and even their QR partner could issue me a BP or transfer the luggage to Rwandair. Onboard, Rwandair delivers good atmosphere, FAs are plenty, attentive, professional, wellrested, and accommodating, e.g. allowing me for seat changes twice as I eventually found 3 seats in a row. They are generous on supplies throughout this night flight,  at least 4 drinkrounds. Acceptable wines, Heineken beers, and a  liter bottle of water was provided to all. Food was again much better than most other airlines in economy I had my preordered special seafood meal served onboard as the first. More foods, including hot dishes, could be requested. The coffee served was a very good instant coffee from Rwandan Gorillas Company. Entertainment shared with one tiny monitor shared by 9 seats, no individual option. Headphone provided to those who wanted. Luggage delivered in Kigali 2 days later upon my consent at the gate as time of short transfer had almost elapsed and the incoming Qatar Airways delivering the luggage had refusedfailed to relabel it prior to departure. In Kigali, I had to go through PIR reports and return to airport myself and pick the two items. Expensive tickets, but the airline is recommended as they render value and warm hospitality.
ICNKIXSDJ SDJKIXICN Fantastic experience allaround. Every flight was either early or ontime and flight attendants were topnotch on all four flights. The new Sendai LCC Terminal 2 which only services Peach Airlines at the moment is clean quiet and all around stress free and I never waited more than 1 minute for immigration checkin or security. Unlike other low cost carriers I never felt like Peach was out to get me by slapping on additional fees and whatnot which I absolutely appreciate. I will definitely fly again in the future and I hope Peach continues to expand!
 I had the option of boarding a plane set to depart 1 hour prior to my intended flight which was great. Unfortunately it was delayed by over 40 minutes. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Food was minimal but thats ok given it was a short flight.
  Gatwick to Denver. I was placed on a Wamos flight by Norwegian, and almost cancelled due to all the terrible reviews, but I didnt find it that bad at all. We brought our own movies to watch, and our own food which I normally do on a flight anyway as  I like healthy stuff. Ive had worse legroom on other flights, and the staff were more friendly and helpful than many others Ive known and I fly a lot. The plane was pretty old, but perfectly functional. The staff were so great that I told them Id write a review because I felt that the pasting theyre getting online is unfair, and makes us travellers look rather spoilt to be honest.
Flew Air Niugini from Port Moresby to Brisbane return. Seating pitch was adequate and meals were good. Staff were friendly in the reserved Melanesian way. The planes are old although the theyve recently in the last couple of years been refitted. Decent IFE for shorthaul flights.
  Los Angeles to Bangkok via Hong Kong. Flew on same exact brand new A350 BLGH on three of the four legs and on an older A330. The A350 was in the new herring bone configuration, which is more modern but not necessarily more comfortable than the older business cabin on the 330. CheckIn ans Boarding efficient and quick, lounges in LAX International Lounge and BKK Miracle Lounge were mediocre, in HKG Auris  Great. Amenities were standard, food was good and it was presented well. Wine selection was limited, and drinksrefills were not offered as much as it should be customary in Business class. Cabin crew was hard working and courteous, maybe a bit inexperienced. My seat 12K got stuck on both long legs and I had to be reseated. WiFi was only available on the last leg. Overall an excellent experience and great value for the price paid. Would definitely do again.
  We flew with Garuda to Bali and back. Their service inflight is very friendly and good. Checking in at AMS was a tiny bit of a hassle, due to the fact that they let this be handled by Swissport  they just changed this, so we didnt know beforehand. Checking in at DPS however was fine. Due to COVID19 we needed to go back to NL a week early. Garuda offered special treatment as rebooking could be done at no additional cost !! which is very generous from them I think in comparison, KLM, our national carrier in NL stopped flying at all!. I chat with the Garuda team online at saturday morning about our situation, and, believe it or not, that same evening we could fly back to AMS at 1905! Hows that for service? Checking in at DPS was very friendly and helpful. They arranged the new boarding passes for us so we could get back to NL safe and sound. Arriving in AMS we unfortunately found out that our baggage didnt come with us. In these rare conditions, due to the COVID19 outbreak, a lot of people took extra baggage with them and Garuda was forced to leave a lot of it behind. I heard from multiple other people they had the same issue, but the baggage arrives fine a few days later. At this time of writing we dont have it back, but it has been just one day, and we should get it in about 3 days  so we dont worry too much about this. All in all, flying with this Asian airline the first time, was very pleasant. Seats of the flight 777300ER 3U3 were quite large and spacious, but we are just shorties 1.7m so no leg problems here. As we had a free seat next to us on both flights, we had plenty of space. The inflight services beverages and drinks were also fine. We had chicken, rice and some veggies and another time we had salmon, rice and veggies. In between we got some bread and other small snacks. It was so unfortunate for the stewardesses to need to wear masks, as they all looked so friendly. Inflight connectivity was superb, compared to for example United, the WiFi speed was so fast that you could even stream movies from Netflix or Prime most of the flight! Also, the pricing for WiFi was acceptable at around 20 euros for 24 hours. As a conclusion I can really recommend flying with Garuda when youre flying from AMS to DPS or the other way around. They offer very good service, bigger seats and most important, customer comes in front of moneymaking. Where our national carrier KLM just stopped flying at all, Garuda keeps flying for at least another week to get passengers back home in these difficult crisis times.
I was booked to fly Heathrow to Heraklion via Geneva in October 2010. I chose Edelweiss mainly because I had to be at the airport at 1130 and I hate an early start! Unfortunately the flight leaving Heathrow was late. I was worried about missing my connecting flight at Geneva but the staff at Heathrow assured me that all connections would be made. When it became plain that I was in danger of missing my connection I asked the air steward to ask the pilot to ask Geneva to hold my connecting flight I missed it by 10 minutes but was told We cant do that. When I got to Geneva I was told that I was being sent to Zurich in 2 hours time booked into an hotel for the night and off to Heraklion at 0620 the next day. They did not give me vouchers for food at the airport despite the fact that Id been in their care since 1130 and only received a light snack. I was given 20SF to spend on a meal at the hotel which was a Hilton I had to pay another 57SF. The first hotel bus would have got me to the airport around 0545 for 0620 flight so a taxi cost another 20SF. There was no breakfast available until the flight took off  and I chose them because I dont like an early start!
  Tokyo Haneda to Jakarta with my family on the 1145am on GA875. The check in area was very busy, however Mr Kohdai the Garuda ground handling manager was on hand to help and assist. With his help we were checked in very quickly and then escorted through security, immigration and into the lounge. The lounge used by Garuda at Haneda is also used by other airlines, therefore was very busy, however we were able to find a place for us to sit together. The food and drinks available in the lounge was adequate. When time came for boarding the Garuda ground support team were on hand to escort us to the plane. At the plane we were greeted at the door by the cabin crew who provided us with a very warm welcome. They certainly know how to treat their passengers and make you feel very welcome. There was a very good selection of food and drinks available and the quality, presentation and taste was excellent. Although the Cabin was full the Cabin crew kept coming around and offering warm and cold drinks together with snacks. They even went out of their way to help and assist my two children with additional snacks through out the flight. Additionally on the flight Garuda provides free onboard Wi Fi for the total duration of the flight and the speed of connection was quite impressive. Upon arrival in Jakarta we were met at the plane door by the Garuda ground service team who helped me and my family through immigration, baggage collection and directly to the cars provided by Garuda to take us to our accommodation. Another outstanding service from Garuda Cabin Crew and Ground support teams.
  Very pathetic service. Scheduled time of flight was 600 am. It was departed at 830am. Bad example of team work. Cabin crew did not know the reason what Ground staff was doing. Specifically, ground staff appeared to be confused all the time. No tea or coffee offered to passengers at all. Bad food service. I was travelling with my family. My family warned me not to book this airline in future. Time is money for all but not for this airline.
London GatwickTallinn return in Economy class in a Boeing 737. The queue for check inbag drop at London Gatwick was lengthy and slow moving for what turned out to be a full flight. However the flight boarded on time and departure was only slightly late due to a busy afternoon at the airport. We had selected the exit row in economy which had two instead of 3 seats on each side and more legroom. These were sufficiently roomy and comfortable for the flight. We had also preordered a hot meal and wine and these were brought to us before the cabin crew started the sandwich and drink service to other passengers. Both the food and drinks were good value good quality and helped pass the time on the flight. The cabin crew were professional polite and friendly. The return flight was much the same on time and trouble free. Tallinn airport had a much quicker check in than Gatwick and no security queue. All in all a decent service and pleasant experience.
  Mumbai to Bengaluru. As we were carrying a lot of extra luggage, we purchased 15kg extra luggage from the website which costed around 5k INR however, during check in we observed that we were still carrying 15kg extra and as we needed to take the trip, we had to pay the excess baggage which came around 6000 INR. The seats were quite decent and had better legroom compared to some low cost carriers. The crew appeared welcoming. Departure was a bit delayed but time was made up for enroute. We ordered some daal rice but couldnt order any tea  coffee as the flight was about to descend but the food was quite nice. The crew did not have the change but as we were deboarding, one of the crew members remembered the change and returned it back to us. Luggage was swiftly received. The flight was good enough although if one is travelling with extra luggage, care should be taken.
  Los Angeles to Washington Dulles. This flight was in September and I purchased the tickets in May. It was part of a honeymoon trip for my newly wed wife and I. The other 3 flights previous to this one  different carriers all booked at the same time were wonderful. As I selected to sit with my wife on each flight, once aboard this flight we were seated on completely opposite sides of the plane. I could care less about fooddrink service, flight amenities, or any other part of the flight, but I care about is that Im sitting next to my wife. Now Im on a coast to coast flight sitting on opposite sides of the plane.
  Flying from Melbourne to Bangkok via KL. A midnight flight. No precheck in fast track service. Staff at check in rude. Flight delay for more than an hour with no explanation. Aircraft is there, must be some technical issue. The crews was not very warm welcoming. On arrival to KL, told the connecting flight was cancelled. I was never told about the cancellation. Has to wait in the KL airport for extra 3.5 hours. Was told by agent the flight was cancelled 3 weeks ago. I was never contacted. I would have ask for refund and go for another airline as I need to be in BK at 2pm for the meeting. Compliant but no reply as usual. Inflight service is substandard, crew not interested to the passengers. Food is ordinary. I dont think I will use it the airline again.
  Flew Ethiopian Airlines for the first time and I was absolutely satisfied with the service although Bole Intl Airport is chaotic in Addis. The onboard service and the flight attendants were amazing. From the moment you step on to the aircraft you feel at home with the generous Ethiopian hospitality the crew portrays. They kept feeding us throughout the 13hr flight to ADD and the food was delicious! All flights were pushed back on time and arrived ahead of the scheduled arrival time. I was very content and happy with this as my connection in ADD was just under 1.5hrs. However, if you are connecting through ADD then beware of the chaos at the airport due to the congestion. Expect heavy traffic at security with minimal direction from employees.
  Never again, was supposed to leave at 830 PM from Las Vegas to Portland, every 30 mins the flight keeps getting push back. At 1130 PM, I was told the flight is cancelled. I was supposed to be at my school orientation tomorrow morning at 1000. I was told by the people at the gate to call the airline to rebook my ticket for the 700 AM flight the next morning. Spoke to the agent and was told Im good to go for the 700 AM flight, 30 mins later I got another call they overbooked the flight. Never had this problem with other airline.
 Rip off and scam. Be aware. Warning. This company is a rip off like some others once your bags are overweight. I paid 60 Euro for 7 kg overweight. Today with people anyway not flying because of fear this shows how this company works and how they treat their customers in todays environment. I just can hope that airbaltic will suffer with this policy. A nice move would be a warning and wish a good flight. 
  I was supposed to go to Sweden in July of 2020 but the trip was cancelled as a result of the COVID19 Pandemic. In the weeksmonths leading up to the trip, their customer hotline was busy and I was told that they were only addressing travel in the next 48 hours. Later, in their email notifying us of the cancellation, there was a clear Click here for a Travel Voucher. After completing this, I later found a link for a credit refund buried somewhere on their website. I submitted a refund request. Shortly afterwards, they issued a travel voucher but refused to provide a refund. When I called to get the travel voucher exchanged for a refund, I was told that it was impossible because I had submitted a travel voucher first! Obviously the pandemic upended travel plans everywhere for everyone and I find it inconceivable that they would only issue a travel voucher.
HKGPVGHKG FM810 B767. Friendly checkin staff. Speedy boarding and fantastic catering and onboard service. Return flight efficient checkin though no self checkin machines and offered an extra legroom seat 1st row of the economy cabin.Cheerful service from the crew and a tasty 3 course lunch.
  Air Canada is the worst airline I have ever flown with. My family of four flew to Athens, Greece from New York and Chicago with a connection at Toronto. In addition to long delays, Air Canada forced us to check in our carryons. One of my sons suitcase never made it to Greece. Ten days later and we have no word about where the suitcase is. At the beginning we were told that the suitcase went to Paris but its traces got lost after that. The customer service is horrible. We spent many hours trying to call an Air Canada number we were given but nobody answered the phone after waiting on the line for over one hour at a time. Air Canada ruined our vacation. We will never use this airline in the future. Stay away.
 Trivandrum to Abu Dhabi. I am a doctor booked the ticket one week prior to my journey online. Only requirement mentioned in the ticket was check in before 3 hours. I telephoned the customer care several times on the day before the journey, busy all the time and if we get a ring the no one picks it up, wasted almost one hour in vain. On the day I had suffered like anything at the check in. Mental stress was huge. Air India staff behavior were not pleasing at all at the airport. But on board crew the on that day were surprisingly good. My experience at Abu Dhabi airport was extremely good that prompted me to write a review regarding the customer care Air India Express.
Old aircraft, seats very narrow and uncomfortable, however so called Premium Class did not look much different. The food was average, strange tasting, served in unsuitable packaging. However the cabin staff was extremely positive, friendly and helpful.
  Worst flight experience of my whole life by a huge gap. The 4 hour flight took almost 10 hours and waited more than an hour inside the plane in the airport to be assigned to a gate. I nearly lost my next flight which was supposed to have 5 hours connection time. They used buses to transfer passengers to the plane. We waited standing inside a still bus parked in front of the plane for 20 minutes and transferred back to the airplane but since couldnt go back inside the airport, they asked us to sit down on the floor. The staff didnt bother to speak english to the passengers of an international flight to Amsterdam.
  Colombo to Melbourne. Overall was great, overcrowded business class lounge at Colombo is points off. Colombo Airport is no longer big enough for the amount of passengers at peak times and the Business Class lounge reflects this, at 11pm was totally full, no spare seats and was noisy and in need of cleaning. Could not fault on board service, crew warm, responsive and nothing was too much trouble. 
  My wife had a very small hand bag, we had to pay for that 60 euros, so I gave the lady cash, and she answered that they don t accept cash, so i told her what if i dont have a credit card! She answered me, Sir you can complain at Aegean airline or airport in a rude way. When we arrived to our destination, they broke our luggage. 
  I was flying from Moscow during these hard times, and the Russian Authorities made it complicated for the airline to depart. The plane was about 5hrs late and everybody missed their connection. Air Serbia gave us a hotel, restaurant access and a packed breakfast for those leaving early. They really went out of their way.
 Cyprus to Chania via Athens. Very bad customer service. The staff seemed very frustrated when I asked whats going on with the flight and never got back to me. I had to learn whats going on from other customers. That will be the first and last time. If they dont like working here its not customers fault. Theyre supposed to be there to help.
  So far my flight from Milwaukee to Orlando has been canceled going and returning. The agents are very little help. Its the worst flying experience I have ever had. 
  The issues I encountered include a significant problem with their cancellation policy, lack of responsiveness from their customer service team, concerning safety practices, refusal to reimburse for damaged luggage, an extensive delay during the return flight, and a stark contrast in service quality between Economy and Business class. Regarding the cancellation policy, I received misleading information from three representatives, who assured me that I would receive a full refund if I canceled within 24 hours. However, they failed to mention the crucial condition that this only applied when the flight was at least 7 days after the initial booking. As a result, I tried to cancel within the 24hour window but could only reschedule. This cost me a $500 loss vs. the option of cancelling and booking a new flight for the following day. Despite Emirates acknowledging in writing their mistake, they repeatedly refused to provide a price match or refund, and eventually even stopped replying to my follow up messages on the open complain. The lack of responsiveness from Emirates compounded my frustration. Numerous followup messages went unanswered, showing a lack of interest in resolving the issues I faced.  During the flight, I was alarmed by a safety practice where all blankets were collected and piled in front of the emergency exits.  Emirates also declined to reimburse me for one of two damaged pieces of luggage, despite the damage occurring during their handling.  Furthermore, the return flight experienced a significant delay for a missing document, resulting in passengers being seated on the plane for over two hours, including boarding time. Despite the delay being just a few minutes short of two hours, the lack of updates, assistance, and provisions such as free WiFi or refreshments left passengers feeling inconvenienced and neglected. The service quality and care for Economy class travelers fall short of expectations. 
PUBDENBOSRUT one way. The last leg was on Cape Air. Despite inconvenient location at BOS service is friendly and small aircraft are abnormally comfortable the seat in front of you has a shape similar and usable as a footrest. Service is wonderful pilots crack jokes you are greeted personally at checkin. At BOS as I was boarding I realized I had forgot my laptop in the terminal. I ran back up to get it and met the gate agent bringing it to me. When I arrived in RUT it turned out my bag got lost. Despite the fact it was not at all their fault and that I could not provide them with any information they tracked it down within the hour and had it delivered in 36 hrs. If Cape Air flew to destinations that allowed me to do so I would go out of my way to fly with them.
CuencaGuayaquil GuayaquilBaltraQuito. Brand new fleet so very clean and comfortable planes especially E170. Drink and snack provided on 30 minute CUEGYE flight and placed in business cabin for Guayaquil to Baltra no difference except seat pitch nice lunch on board. Return to Quite uneventful.
  Terrible experience from the minute I I got to the airport. Total chaos at the check in. Plane old, seats were the most uncomfortable Ive ever experienced, hardly any legroom, seats worn out and almost no cushioning left. Not the best for 4 hours flight. Crew on the outbound flight were miserable and unfriendly, cabin manager was terrible, rolled his eyes and he definitely didnt want to be there. Would not recommend it at all
  Toronto to Gran Canaria via Ponta Delgada. Administration and ticket sales were a huge disappointment. I wanted to fly in business class, but since we had legs of our trip with no business class availability, their web system could not handle the request. There were only 4 seats left for our international legs on the day we were ready to buy several months in advance of the trip, so I booked through a reseller SATAs Toronto office hours are not great on weekends. However, I first checked via email with the Portuguese office to ensure that I would be able to upgrade after purchase. Bought the economy seats for all flights Toronto to Ponta Delgada to Gran Canaria via Madeira return with a short stop in PD. When I attempted to upgrade our international legs Toronto to Ponta Delgada return I was given a price about 50 higher than the business class premium should have been. Eventually one staff member told me that the upgrade now included a fee for changes. The only remedy they offered was for me to check on flight days to see if there were any upgrades available. Of course there were not. In fact the only response I got in Toronto was a condescending smirk. I tried contacting customer service and appealing to the logic of other representatives with no good result. I understand penalties for changing dates or downgrading seats, but they should really rethink policies that prevent a passenger from upgrading reasonably. I am unlikely to use the airline again because of this policy. As for the flights  they were on time, or within reason with no threat of missing connections. Flight attendants were pleasant. The food and drinks were not great, but always provided. No hot drinks on short flights complimentary wine with meals only. There is no onboard entertainment or USB plug ins. There were monitors on the Toronto to Ponta Delgada return flights, but did not work. There was a credit card slot, so perhaps you could pay for service, but I did not see anyone attempt it. Economy seats were not bad for size and comfort. Our Toronto to Ponta Delgada flights were in row 22 just in front of the washroom. This was great for the night flight but not great when passengers are awake. Lots of crying children. I have no idea how they have the energy to cry so much and so loudly and how their parents can stand listening to it without remedy. Washrooms were abominable and smelled strongly of urine after about 3 hours into the flight. They did replenish toilet paper and hand towels immediately when made aware of the need.
  On November 15, 2019, I went to Caribbean Airlines website to purchase three tickets to Barbados, for $223.20 per ticket. The flights were scheduled to leave around 240 pm, on November 15th, and arrive in Barbados around 10 pm that same night. I selected three flights with this flight information. When I received confirmation of the flights, it stated that the flights would arrive around 9 am the next morning, on November 16th. That was not the flight times that I selected. I immediately called Caribbean Airlines Customer Service and informed the representative that there was a mistake with the flight times on the confirmation. I stayed on the phone with her for about five minutes while she looked up my flight information. She instructed me to go to the Caribbean Airlines counter in the Miami Airport and have the Desk Agent change the flights. I waited for about 1.5 hours for this change. The Desk Agent also spoke with her Supervisor and they both worked on changing my flight. After waiting for approximately 1.5 hours at the Caribbean Airlines counter, the Desk Agent told me that there are no longer any seats available on the flights that I selected. I requested a full refund, at the counter, since the flights that I originally selected were not available anymore. I also requested to speak with the Supervisor that was helping her to change the flights. She denied my request and informed me that I would have to call Customer Service again because they do not issue refunds at the counter. She also stated that Customer Service would be able to issue a full  refund. I walked away from the counter and called Customer Service. I spoke to a different Customer Service Representative than before. I explained the situation. She informed me that the reason the Desk Agent instructed me to call Customer Service was because the Desk Agent knew that I would NOT be able to get a refund at all. And the Desk Agent didnt want to have a confrontation at the counter. So, the Desk Agent passed me back to the Customer Service Department, according to the Customer Service Rep. This Customer Service Rep said that she could only issue a flight credit. I stated that I was not interested in a flight credit because it was their error on their part with booking the wrong flights. She told me that the only person able to issue a full refund was a Supervisor. I then, requested to speak with a Supervisor. After waiting on hold for 30 minutes, the phone line was suddenly disconnected. I thought it was a mistake or maybe a bad signal on my phone. I called Customer Service again and repeated the same situation regarding booking flights for a specific time and the flight confirmation coming back with a different time. I immediately asked to speak with a Supervisor after explaining the situation. This time, I waited about 15 minutes on hold and the phone line disconnected again. My phone did not have a bad signal. They purposely disconnected the line to prevent a conversation with a Supervisor, who may or may not have been able to resolve the issue. After, a second disconnection and hours of trying to have my issue resolved, I filed a dispute with American Express to receive a credit for these flights.
  This was my first and hopefully last time flying with Avianca. First off, they charge you for any and every snackbeverage inflight, even water! No matter how long the flight is one leg of our flight was about 6 hours, they offer no complimentary refreshments. Secondly, if legroom is a concern of yours, I would aim for their highest level of seating, which they refer to as Premium. These are the only seats besides the exit row seats with the most legroom on the plane. Even their Plus seats dont have any extra legroom than Economy has. My boyfriend is 59 and his knees were uncomfortably touching the seat in front of him. Lastly, on our final leg of the journey from Bogota to JFK, they made my boyfriend place his duffel bag in the personal item size guide at the gate. When it wouldnt fit because something was slightly and I mean slightly because if he actually pushed down a bit on the bag it would have fit poking out, they took us to a separate kiosk to try to make us pay $150. I ended up moving one of his items from his bag to my own, and that made it fit. To me it seemed like they wanted yet another way to make money that theyd charge $150 for a simple fix, and if I hadnt moved his items, they wouldve actually suckered us into paying it. This was the most uncomfortable and unbelievable experience Ive had with an airline so far. Definitely wont be doing it again
  Vinh city to Buon Ma Thuat. Bamboo airways is  amazing, flight attendant really friendly, the snacks is not delicious but it quite good. Everybody must try this airline.
In the last past years Air Namibia has improved a lot the service and its a very affordable and worthy airline. I flew from Windhoek to Cape Town several times this year and the service was very good. Staff were friendly and food quite good as well drinks. Since 2013, Air Namibia has improved and I strongly recommend.
  I am passenger of Muscat to Calicut on 19th September. I have lost my backpack luggage weighting 10kg. As per the request, It was handed over to airlines staff while boarding to flight in Muscat. As they informed i would get the baggage in luggage section. But unfortunately i didnt receive hand bag with my other luggage. There after reached at the destination i complained in the aiport Air Arabia office. A week passed, no one turned to me with registered complaint. While i called customer care number they were unaware about luggage lost procedure. After connecting then 3 times they shared some contact numbers, which never answered and invalid. 
  Very quick checkin, boarding, flight and luggage delivery. Free coffee and soft drinks as well as a nice madeleine. Smiling employees everywhere. Perfect option for the route
  As is usual for us Easyjet got us to our destination and back without any great fuss. Its a No frills airline and thats what you get but it does the job. If you follow their rules they are as good if not better than other no frills airline. I would have marked it higher other than for the lacklustre performance of staff at BCN checkin. Been using them since they started and have already booked two flights for next year.
 I regularly go to PI on business trips 2x a year. Due to my bad experience in the past with PAL I have been taking KAL, JAL etc. This time being post Covid I decided to go with PAL being familiar with Covid rules in PI. I also wanted to find out if the airline has changed thru the years in customer service. To my surprise it did not, the flight attendants were not polite bordering to being rude. I have to go to the galley to get a glass of water or drink. The attendants almost throw the food tray at your table with out any concern repeatedly. I have this weird feeling as if they dont like their job or you are just a nobody because you are in economy class. They seem to answer your questions in disgust that I refrain from asking them any question I am a polite person especially to service personnel. They attendants congregate at the galleys talking about personal life half the time which reminds me of the SM sales people in Manila. They do not pick up things people drop at the aisle which makes the plane look trashy. Lastly, they do not clean or maintain the toilets  very disgusting. Out of the whole crew I only find 1 or 2 that is amiable or polite. This review is for people thinking of flying PAL in the future only because PAL management do not read reviews or customer complaints as they do in the West.
  Buyer beware of purchasing through Icelandair! I recently have been diagnosed with a high risk pregnancy complication and have been instructed by my doctor not to travel. I called Icelandair to figure out my options. They will not refund me, or even let me transfer the ticket to another name on the exact same flight in the exact same seat with no cost to them. Even with a doctors note. Do not do business with this shady company.
  I had an open ticket with Malaysian airlines worth $3300. I tried to use the open ticket to book another ticket but the policy was to fly before January 15 2023. So I could not use this while booking new one. After I booked the ticket, they changed policy to fly before 30th June 2023. So I contacted Malaysia airlines but they said once booking was made they could not do anything. I asked them to use my open ticket or pay the amount as refund. They didnt help me at all. 
  Id always heard good things about Vistara but never quite understood why and so I couldnt wait for my first flight with Vistara. Not only was the entire journey comfortable with the smoothest landing but I want to especially highlight the service at the checkin counter at Mumbai T2 airport. Id got the flight timings mixed up and there was a delay at my end admittedly, panic ensued but the staff at Mumbai airport were patient and managed to allow me to board the flight to Kochi. Words cant express my gratitude to Yash, Dolly and especially Sohail sir  a man of few words but your kindness left a huge impact on me. In a sea of horror stories of domestic Indian flights, I want to thank the staff of Vistara for setting an example and keeping the customer at the heart of what you do. Will be singing Vistaras praises for a long time!
  Bangkok to Tokyo Haneda. Flying with ANA is always a pleasure as even before boarding the flight you know that the service will be of a very high standard due to Japanese custom of serving the client! Hence, it was no surprise that the flight has outstanding service from the Japanese and some Thai crew. Drinks and food was served in a superb manner, plane was very clean, toilets very super clean and if or whenever you called for service the crew came immediately, spoke with the most respect and promptly served you. This is a wonderful airline which I feel even Singapore Airlines and Cathy cannot match and they are great. However, what really impressed me was how professional the Purser in charge of my section Ms Nagakawa was! I asked a Crew member for a customer form not realising that they would consider this as me being unhappy and raise it to their Purser. Ms Nagakawa came to me and said, Sir, you have asked for a customer form, could you give me an outline of what the problem is? The way in which she did it and showed concern made me realise what high standards this airline puts in pleasing a client and if the client is unhappy in anyway, they dont speak down to the client like other airlines do, their senior team members come professionally to appease the situation and help the client enjoy their flight. Luckily for her I had good news about how wonderful the flight was. She so politely spoke to me and appreciated it but that was not just it, she continued to maintain high standards by constantly checking on me and personally serving service of a high standard. An absolutely magnificent Purser who led the team by example and I had one of the best flights of my life. My return flight too was superb with high quality service from ANA. I highly recommend this company for safety, service and most important of all the way in which you as a client are respected! Thank you to ANA for employing such wonderful staff like Ms Nagakawa and the other crew as well as setting such high standards
LEDHEL. Ticket much cheaper than the western airlines service not lower. The plane was an old A320 with standard seats. The flight was short they offered only sandwiches with water or orange. The airport is not that great but it is not the airlines fault. The building was old and unpleasant.
  Sofia to Prague. Worst airline ever. Even worse than Wizz or Ryanair. Been redirected 3 times to different check in counters, made to queue up again each time. No apologies from arrogant and rude staff.  Will never fly with them again. Worst service and attitudes. Why even bother running a company with such service level?
  Cartagena to San Andres.  They never sent us mail or warned that we had to print the tickets in advance, or they would charge us 34,000 cops 12usd to print the tickets. It had never happened to me to be charged for printing tickets at the AIRPORT. In addition to that we were charged the tax to enter the island, which was a mistake for not having set us in a blog, although I maintain that they must also warn the amount when making the purchase of the ticket. The worst part is that they do not accept a credit card to pay a tax. Where that money goes, I do not know. Yes or yes cash 112,000cop 40usd Bad attention. For the money they charge you, its better to travel with another airline.  ES  Nunca nos mandaron mail ni avisaron que debamos imprimir los pasajes con antelacin, o nos cobraran 34.000 cops 12usd por imprimir los boletos!!! Nunca me haba pasado que me cobren por imprimir unos boletos en el AEROPUERTO. Ademas de eso nos cobraron el impuesto para entrar a la isla, que eso fue un error nuestro por no habernos fijado en algn blog, aunque sostengo que tambin deben avisar el importe al realizar la compra del pasaje. Lo peor de todo es que no aceptan tarjeta de crdito para pagar un IMPUESTO. A donde va ese dinero, no lo se. Si o si efectivo 112.000cop 40usd Psima atencin. Por la plata que te cobran me conviene viajar con otra aerolnea mejor.
 Berlin to Madrid with Iberia Express. Very efficient boarding, the crew were making space in the overhead stowage and accompanying passengers to their seats which is very rare in Europe. The flight left Berlin late on a Friday evening most of the passenger were grumpy but the cabin crews have been smiling throughout the flight paying attention to small details. Definitely a great low cost experience.
  Flew Jeju Air from Seoul to Saipan. Queuing for hours in Incheon Seoul airport. I almost missed my flight although I was at the airport 4 hours prior the departure time. The matter is that as a holder of foreign passport I cant use check in kiosk. An airlines staff should verify that Im in possession of all necessary documents to go to US territory. The flight itself was quite smooth, but all window blinds should be closed maybe because of North Korea, I dont know. Theres no meal but you could buy some beverages and snacks a very limited assortment Considering that my one way ticket costs almost 300 US$ its not good value for money.
  This was my 9th trip on Uzbekistan Airways on the route Delhi to Tashkent return. I read many adverse review about this airline, but my experience was generally good. All this, however, changed on my last trip TASDEL on 26 October 2016. After taking my seat in the business class, I plugged my mobile phones charger into the power socket on the seat panel. When charging was completed, I pulled out my charger, but, along with it, the plastic front of the socket too came off. One of the stewardesses straightaway told me that I damaged it because it cannot come off on its own, and that I was not careful. This behavior of a stewardess amazed me.   This apart, it is unusual that business class passengers would be told something like this. I checked the Uzbekistan Airways web page for a feedback page, but, there was none. They have phone numbers, but no email address for contacting them. No web page like Contact us. As far as I am concerned, they lost me as a passenger.
  They should tell you ahead of time for delayed Luggage. and you get charged for check in luggage over 20kg. If you are taking the last afternoon flight from Chiang Mai to Koh Samui, your checkedin luggage may not arrive on time since the layover at Bangkok you will stop at BKK is only one hour and 15 minutes. You may waste an extra 40 minutes waiting in line after youve discovered that your luggage is not on the carousel.  It would be nice if they told you in advance to expect this and to fill out the form via computer of where your hotel is located at for the luggage delivery. You can just go straight to your hotel and get your luggage delivered in the morning. Bangkok Airways had poor communications skills. They charge you an extra 10001500 Thai Baht depending on which airport you fly out of for anything over the permitted 20kg amount. I flew from BKK to Chiang Mai paid an overlimit fee Chiang Mai to USM paid an overlimit fee then USM to BKK paid an overlimit fee. The flight attendants on the first two flights did not tell me to sign up on their website in order to request special meals I asked them if they had vegetarian options. On the last flight, a flight attendant told me to visit their website in the future.
  My flight from Tbilisi to Bangkok via Almaty on 1516APR. I wasnt sure whats wrong with inflight service for sector ALA to BKK. My friend and I have asked crew for blanket as its very cool and we were unable to adjust the temperature due to the type the aircraft which didnt have the option on the compartment. She was providing blanket to passengers and when she reached my rowseat, she said that WomenChildren first Her tonesound eye contact was very rude. Is this policy to provide blanket to women and children first? I dont mind if I get after, but I didnt get it. I doubt that Womenchildren paid more expensive ticket? However, I also paid for the ticket. I wast taking free flight. We were waiting until she provided blanket to all women and children. However, she has never come back with blanket to us. My woman friend sit behind has offered her blanket to me as I was so cool and freezing.  Have sent this comment to the airline and they apologized but not response or clarify from what I doubtquestions. In addition, drink hast served even water in the morning before landing at Bangkok. I asked for water, but the crew said I am busy with collecting blanket and never come back to us. 
Our flight was canceled just as we arrived at the airport, two hours before the flight. They moved our flight 11 hours later, we had to wait in an airport that doesnt even have flights at that time so the food businesses were closed Yes!, they were closed from 10am to 5pm luckily we had some food with us. They moved the other connecting flight from 1pm to 11pm, imagine arriving in a different country at midnight, my hotel reservation was lost and I almost missed a reservation for a $1,000 USD tour. Clearly thats not Pegasuss problem and it doesnt care either.
