  We queued for checkin for 30 minutes, staff were very good. A chaotic and slow boarding process at the gate but when we entered the jet bridge it was very calm and welcoming with staff being very attentive and informative. We had a problem with our star alliance flight the night before as it was cancelled so we were reallocated this flight. Singapore Airlines gave us the front economy seat which had more leg room than any other flight. It was on time and meals were served soon after take off meals were good as well as the rest of the flight
  When checking in at LHR we were informed of a 1 hour delay to departure, which would likely have meant missing our connection to Singapore 1 hour 25 minutes. Without prompting, the check in agent suggested they rebooked us on a Singapore Airlines flight direct to Singapore. They checked that the Singapore airlines flight had availability and took us to the sales desk to get us rebooked. As a result, I am writing this review from the lounge in Singapore while anticipating an on time arrival in Phnom Penh. Without the Lufthansa check in staffs thinking, it is likely I would be boarding a plane in Frankfurt around now and reaching Phnom Penh a day late.
  My Insel Air flight from Paramaribo to Curacao was on time. The next leg, to Kingston was delayed by six hours. There was no communication, leadership or guidance of any kind provided to passengers. There was not even a gesture of apology. The counter staff were calloused and rude. My return flight was also delayed. Whoever is in charge of this Airline, hopefully they bother to read reviews, need to correct these consistent delays, public relations insults, and ticketing glitches, from the top down as soon as possible. 
  Avoid at all costs! They cancelled my flight and put me on one that didnt work so requested a refund end of March 2022 and it is now April 2023 and still not received! They dont answer you or when they do its the usual your refund is being processed! This company is nothing but glorified thieves! Avoid.
Manchester to Paphos and return on B737800 with Boeing Sky Interior, creates nice spacious feel to the cabin. Aircraft clean and comfortable on both sectors. Crew were pleasant and helpful and choice of drinks and snacks was good. Im 63 and found the leg room absolutely fine for a 4hr ish flight30D out 19C back. Found it much more comfortable than the 757 I flew on in January. All in all a good experience with Thomson.
 Lisbon to Ponta Delgada. I dont know where to begin. I fly Azores Airlines SATA quite regularly and there is always some problem with this airline. If its not delays or aircraft breaking down, its losing your baggage or bad customer service. The food is really bad and after all the complaints, I dont understand why they have not changed it yet. Recently I flew on a leased A340 aircraft operated by a Spanish airline called Plus Ultra Airlines for SATA. The flight was from Lisbon to Ponta Delgada and then the aircraft was continuing on to Toronto. Thankfully, my final destination was Ponta Delgada, and I didnt need to continue on the what would have been a long and horrible journey to Toronto. The flight was delayed which is no surprise since I have never seen a flight of SATA depart on schedule. Whilst onboard we were given no briefing by the flight crew why the flight was delayed. We stayed at our stand for almost an hour. As a frequent flyer this aircraft was the worst aircraft I have ever been on. It was very dirty, and didnt look like it had been cleaned for a long time. Parts of the interior were very deteriorated and almost falling apart. The inflight entertainment remotes were falling out of their place exposing the wires or had parts broken off it. The tables needed force to take out and put them back in. The bathroom was very dirty. The crew were not helpful at all. We got our standard SATA meals but these ones were inedible, which consisted of stale bread and some very dried meat which many people refused to eat. The cabin crew again didnt seem to care or share very much sympathy. I would not recommend this airline to anybody.
  Very disappointed when I approached the stewardess, who was talking and laughing with a colleague and asked for a red wine. She responded by saying, it will be easier if you just go and ask at the kitchen at the back! Not the service you expect from Emirates.
  Flew Stockholm to Tehran with Iran Air. I had good flight with the new fleet of this airline, 20 minute delay but the cabin was new and clean with good seat distance and very tasty food. Iranian film and music and route information was provided. I recommend flying with Iran Air on international routes because of the nice cabin and good meals for the value of money.
I have used Iran Air for several Asian and Euro destinations as well as many domestic flights. It was always a B747 for international and A300B727 for domestic flights. The flight attendants are mixture of old ladies and young guys with beard and mustache. Apart from that their service is not bad. There seems to be a clear distinction between flight attendants before and after revolution. The former are very prestigious. Food is great! There is basically no entertainment so dont wait for it. But the flights are comfortable. It is a warm environment and I like it. Airports are like train stations in Europe  if not worse. But it is better than Indian or Pakistani airports anyway! When flying with an Iran Air B747 just remember it is 25 years old! One great advantage of this airline is the cheap domestic flights but apparently that is not going to last long.
  This airline has the worst customer service. They are not well trained to provide information, the airline work ethic is just the worst because they dont care about their customers. Flights get cancelled all the time and they do not inform the clients forcing us to stay at the airport countless hours. They dont provide hotel vouchers for families with small children. Their policies are money oriented where clients dont get reimbursed or credited for cancellations due to weather conditions. I dont understand why are they allowed to operate in the United States. DO NOT use this airline. Its a nightmare!
LHR to Tehran via Baku. Planes were clean and appeared newish and food mostly good although sandwiches dry and dull. Service was fair at best but would fly Azerbaijan again as it was the cheapest.
I had booked to fly to Cuba with Cubana in July 2008. The airline then rescheduled the flights and I was unable to travel on the new dates and so had to cancel. A year later I am still waiting to have my flight refunded. So I cant comment on the quality of the inflight service but the customer care is dreadful. They never answer calls emails letters etc and it looks like Im going to have to go to court to try and get my money back. Great shame.
  Sydney to Melbourne and was impressed  great cheap ticket. As I was using auto check in kiosk at the airport a professional Tigerair check in staffer approached to assist me even though I did not need help and she put me in an exit row with extra legroom and directed me to check in counter for bag drop and instantly issued a new boarding pass. Well groomed warm professional supervisor pulled me out of line as he was free and line was busy with a family and he took me to another counter to quickly check my bags and complete check in  everyone called me by name very friendly. On Flight cabin crew were all well groomed, great uniforms  men in vests and long sleeve, women with scarves and wedding worthy hairdos  great for a low cost carrier  friendly smiles and very professional looking us in the eye and calling us by name. Flight on time  boarding was completed early. Actually liked the cloth seats  most seats are leather on low cost carriers. Liked A320 over 737  it feels more spacious. Liked how they use front and back stairs for boardingdeplaning as it is much faster than the long slow que on other airlines which only use one door. Simple menu  but perfect for a low cost airline  you can pre order bigger meals too. Low cost terminal at Melbourne is brand new  simple and slick  very efficient  what more can you want for the price. Airline has massively improved since problems a few years ago.
LAX to Moscow DME return in economy class. The food was fine. The staff were friendly. The seats were fine. I slept for 7 hours with no problems on both the outbound and inbound flights. I would recommend this airline for the price you will not get a better flight.
  Attitude is terrible, not only on board services, my luggage was damaged and there are few holes on my backpack and the staff at baggage claim asked us to find the on duty supervisor. The female supervisor was annoying when reached to us and ask who asked you to find me? She found some staff to do the baggage claim application but returned around 5 minutes later and just irritating us by poor attitude saying actually these are ONLY VERY minor damage compared to others damaged luggage, it is not totally tear apart you cannot use it. What kind of service is this?
 I recently had a highly disappointing experience with American Airlines code share partnership with Japan Airlines. As a loyal customer, I had accumulated over 300,000 American Airlines points, but their redemption process left much to be desired. Despite having a substantial number of points, I was unable to use them effectively or receive the benefits I expected. One of the most frustrating aspects of my journey was no seat selection options, particularly when traveling with children. It is unfathomable that an airline of American Airlines stature would not prioritize the comfort and convenience of families. With no control over seat assignments, we were left scrambling to find suitable seats, causing unnecessary stress and discomfort. Adding to my disappointment, there were no options to upgrade, even when I was willing to pay for an upgrade. This lack of flexibility was particularly disheartening considering the length of my journey. Traveling from the USA to Vietnam with a layover in Japan for over 9 hours meant that comfort and quality service were crucial. Unfortunately, American AirlinesJapan Airline failed to deliver on these fronts. To make matters worse, the return trip mirrored the same problems. The absence of reliable customer support was particularly frustrating. There was no one to turn to for assistance or to address our concerns. This lack of accountability and communication left me feeling abandoned and unsupported throughout my entire journey. Furthermore, both of my flights experienced delays during boarding. This additional inconvenience only served to exacerbate an already frustrating experience, leaving me questioning the airlines commitment to punctuality and customer satisfaction. In light of this disappointing experience, I am left wondering about the value of retaining my American Airlines points or why anyone would choose to remain loyal to the airline. The inability to utilize my points effectively and the overall lack of customercentric services have seriously diminished my trust in American Airlines. I sincerely hope that American Airlines takes these concerns seriously and addresses the numerous issues faced by their passengers. Until they demonstrate significant improvements in their services and customer support, it is difficult to recommend them or have faith in their loyalty program. Please note that this review reflects my personal experience, and others may have had different encounters. However, based on my own journey, I would caution potential travelers to consider these factors before booking a flight with American Airlines or their code share partner, Japan Airlines.
  Jakarta to Jogyakarta. A great flight with Batik. I booked this flight two hours before departure and I was very satisfied with the experience given the low price. Flight left on time and arrived in Jogja 30 minutes late due to storms on arrival. Im thankful for the generous baggage allowance. Crew was friendly and attentive. Would definitely book with them again.
  I have never encountered such incompetency. While the agents were polite the system was hell.  I  spent over 9 hours on the phone, where my calls were constantly dropped over and over. Frustration is a useless word to describe this experience. I was told by the supervisor that my return flight ticket was canceled, but it was not and I appeared as a No Show, so I had to purchase another ticket to get home. Upon trying to book the ticket at 609 USD online, the system one again keep screwing up and wouldnt take my payment.  Upon calling TAP I was given a new rate of $949 despite the fact that their website was faulty. No consideration. Now Ill be forced to contest this over weeks and weeks as they say they will call or email but dont . On board experience is fine, its the administration, communication and website usage that are a horror story.
  Tokyo to Gimhae. A few days ago I somehow lost my iPAD and personal computer at Tokyo Narita airport after I passed the security gate. I belatedly realized that they were missing from my backpack onboard my flight while taking off. After landing at Kimhae, I was greeted by  Mr Kim, a supervisor. He took the loss of my computer into his hands, helping me out from calling LF at Narita Airport to delivering it to my hotel without much delay. I was hugely impressed by his devotion to his job and professionalism. JAL means now a little different to me after this experience!
  Im writing this review on behalf of my daughters who actually flew with Condor. The flight from Frankfurt to Minneapolis was delayed at departure so they missed a connecting flight to Seattle. We had to book them in the hotel overnight and purchase new tickets for the next day. When we asked Condor for the refund they told us to file an online claim and attach all receipts for their review. It has been over two months since then and we heard nothing back from the airline. When trying to contact them online we get only automated messages saying not to file any claims again. Getting through by phone is next to impossible. Be careful when booking with them. Its cheap but there is a reason for that. We will not fly with them again.
  We booked a flight from Phuket to Istanbul with Salam Air, with our final destination being Antalya, Turkey. Unfortunately, our journey was marred by significant disruptions. Firstly, our flight was delayed by four hours, causing inconvenience and disruption to our travel plans. Regrettably, after a twohour delay, the flight was abruptly canceled, leaving us stranded. We immediately contacted Salam Airs customer support for assistance. However, the representative provided us with false information and failed to offer a suitable solution. She wrongly informed us that the next available flight was fully booked, leading us to cancel our entire reservation. It was later discovered that this information was incorrect, as seats were indeed available on the following weeks flight. This miscommunication resulted in unnecessary financial losses and prolonged our ordeal. After the cancellation, we were informed that our original flight had been refunded, leaving us with the only option of booking a new flight at a significantly higher cost. Despite our persistent efforts to communicate with Salam Airs customer care, they displayed a concerning lack of responsiveness. It took an excessively long time, approximately one and a half months, for them to respond to our refund request. Upon review, they claimed that the new ticket did not match their original booking final destination, adding further frustration and a lack of resolution to our already unpleasant experience. We have exhausted all channels of communication with Salam Air, and they have failed to address our concerns or provide an adequate resolution. 
  Beijing to Auckland via Chengdu. Horrible  experience from flight delayed, no accomodation provided, the manager at the airport doesnt speak English in Chengdu doesnt understand a word. No specific meal requirements we were told to go here and there wasting our time and energy, no clear info give or as part of service recovery for their flight being delayed for nearly 8 hours. My fault to trust Sichuan and booked because it was cheap  but you will go through a lot for the money paid. Way behind other competitors in market. 
  Vancouver to Cancun via Mexico City with Interjet. Not good. Cancelled the direct flight, offered to rebook us via Mexico City adding about four hours travel time. The flight to Mexico City was delayed an hour and no time was made up to catch our connection. Nor was any effort made to get us to our connection or rebook us on another flight which have could have been done while we were in the air. The desk wasnt really interested and seemed indifferent and had a lot of people on the same flight to rebook to Cancun. Not helpful at all and only one person who kept getting called away could rebook the flight. They delayed us another six hours and offered nothing else to keep us occupied for these hours. In summary, if you want a flight somewhat resembling the flight you initially booked dont flight with Interjet haha. Enjoy another airline that will help keep your holiday on schedule.
  Give this airline a miss, at least in this route. I flew 3 budget airlines on this trip others were Thai Smiles and Vietjet. Both were far superior on everything from check in to leaving on time currently 5 hours past boarding time on this flight to quality of food to keeping passengers updated. Only fly as a last resort.
  Staff were very rude and disrespectful, it was very bad experience. I was asking them some stuff in English language they was replying me in Arabic and I have no idea what they talking about. No screen on the plane, no USB charge, all USB charger was broken in Amman Airport.
  Paid for Modifly as they were the only airline flying out of Hamilton to Vegas we wanted to try them for the convenience of the Hamilton airport. Unfortunately 2 days before the trip 2 of the 3 people in our party came down with Covid and as I was also exposed we decided not to go. When I went online to change our flight date we were unable to use the online system despite numerous tries, it kept showing an error code every time we tried to confirm at new date. There is nothing on the web site giving a phone number to call but we found one online which I called and got a message stating they would could not answer but gave an email address or the option to contact on Facebook, twitter. The email bounced back so I messaged on Facebook, to date I have not received a reply. I should be noted that you have to make the change a minimum of 24 hours before the flight and we are now past that time. I did not object to all of the extra charges we used most of them and find I think as long as they are not hidden there should be no objection. I will not book with Swoop again.
  Good ground service. Baggage fee included. No food service inflight. Just snack box togo after landing. Require food service because Thailand pandemic is end now, not an excuse for no providing food and drink service.
  On 8th November I travelled Sydney to Auckland, Flight NZ102 having paid more for The Works meaning I would receive a meal. It was appalling. Please bear in mind that this class of ticket is considerably more than just Economy. There were three choices, all rather pathetic and chose what I considered to be the best of the three. Salmon with pasta and courgette. Sounds fine but what was served was a small hand palm size portion of pasta with a few peas and sweet corn scattered through the minuscule amount of sauce. It was dry and unpalatable. On this all economy flight the toilet at the front of the cabin next to the flight deck is extremely small and the seat only just reclined slightly. My return flight on NZ 107 22nd November, Auckland to Sydney was quite delayed. Not the airlines fault but no food or beverage voucher offered. This time I was also The Works. Thought it could not possibly be as bad as the previous flight. I was wrong. This time decided to choose meat pie. Atrocious soggy pie complete with gristle in a paper wrapping and impossible to eat with the wooden cutlery as it was not served in a container. I read the packet and was shocked to see that they are pre frozen. Thank goodness for the Kapiti ice cream! What has happened to Air New Zealand that they are cutting corners so much across the Tasman. I have been doing this journey for many years and it used to be a pleasure and something to look forward to. Why oh why is the airline jeopardising its good name?
  I havent flown British Airways before and will never fly them again! The checkin process was terrible and slow. There were over 30 people in the regular check in line and they had two agents working it. They had one agent working the first class line. It should not take that long to check people in especially when people should have checked in online ahead of time. Our group checked in online and almost missed our plane because of the slow counter service. We had to run to the gate and we did make it, but they were terrible!
  Krabi to Bangkok. They will charge you a fortune if your bag is other the 7kg yes, only 7kg allowed for your cabin bag. You will have to check that bag in and pay for every kg, not for the extra, for every kg of that bag.
Flew SYDBallina return on 6  10 August  very pleased with on time departures  early arrivals. Sole crew very friendly  helpful  fares very affordable compared to Virgin  Qantas on same route. Even my late checkin at SYD 15 minutes before takeoff handled very efficiently  helpfullyunlike Jetstar these days. Flts not full and request for extra leg room seat very helpfully handled. Their promised new low fare regime deserves to be supported by Aussie passengers.
London City  Madrid return in economy. New Embraer 170 fleet from City airport. The experience was excellent. Checkin seamless. Cabin clean seats wide legroom good. Very spacious feel although stowage room for hand luggage still rather limited. Service was excellent  a hot breakfast provided on the way out which was a pleasant surprise. Both flights on time and the captain kept pax informed. Good value for money and no obvious cutbacks noticed. As an executive club silver member lounge access in Madrid and free preseating is much appreciated  although checkin online free seating policy I believe works fine. Would fly with BA from city again and recommend them.
SydneyNarranderaSydney return 27 August29 August on Regional Express Airlines also known as REX. Great flights with good clean quiet cabin no loud overhead pop music thank heavens! good service with coffee and snacks and very pleasant smiling attractive FAs. I like the Saab 340 and also now generally prefer REX to Qantaslink partly because of the use of pop music over the PA system on Qantaslink these days. Remarkably quick baggage collection at REX in Terminal 2 at Sydney Airport partly because I suppose one has to travel by tarmac bus from the aircraft parked at very remote stands from this terminal and that takes some time. However it is an interesting journey. A nice professional airline and look forward to flying with REX again.
 Worst airline. Flight time was altered via text message a total of 5 times in 4 hours. Ended up being delayed just under 2 hours surprise! No compensation if under 2 hours, of course! Requested a pre boarding ticket on check in due to cardiac condition and was not issued the proper designation until we got to the Gate and denied early boarding. Staff was rude and unsympathetic
  Still waiting for full refund a full 4 months after they cancelled in April due to coronavirus. Customer relations department does not respond to any requests for information or updates. 
  There was nothing wrong with the flight itself perse  it took off and landed on time, generally calm. Terminal 2 security at Heathrow was calm, although amenities and shops quite poor  since Boots closed, you cant buy water anywhere for less than £2 which is extortionate. Boarding felt a bit early, but we didnt take off at departure time as it was quite slow  this was because there was only one gate agent checking in everyone including premium passengers and those requiring assistance, although automatic gates were used. Seats were above average comfortable for shorthaul, on the way our was oldstyle so more padding and quite comfortable but on the way back was slimline but fine for an hours flight time  strangely the seat pocket in front had been sewn up so no where to store small belongings, which felt a tad lowcost despite the premium prices charged for this flight. Cabincrew werent especially warm and friendly and seemed rather unmotivated, they did pass through the cabin quickly offering the buyonboard snacks and drinks but no menu was offered and it was almost like it was just a formality and seemed a bit surprised or putout that some people actually wanted any like my neighbour in my seat. Buyonboard products didnt look good quality from looking online, felt very expensive for what they were in comparison to other carriers. My biggest issue though is Aer Lingus charge quite a premium to fly with them against the only other carrier they compete with between the two cities, so theyre not anywhere near cheap  yet it feels like a lowcost basic experience. I think even a complimentary snack and some water is the least the should offer as their sister airline BA now do in shorthaul economy given the premium charge. I would fly with them again only if they were the only better option as on this route.
  Nashville to Charlotte. All the flight attendants was possibly the worst Ive had in my life. Not only was they were rude, but had zero knowledge of their product, and super unprofessional. 
EDI to MAN short flight with quarterfull Embraer 145. One flight attendant. Drinks and snack round for free including hot drinks and alcohol. Luggage very promptly arrived on reaching Manchester. Flight on time. No hesitation to use again. Inflight entertainment for this 40 minute flight not provided but unnecessary. Magazine in seat pocket.
 Los Angeles to Bangkok via Hong Kong. Travel is a gift. Every touch point should evoke a different sense of excitement and thrill. Air flights are the beginnings of many touch points, and options for comfort exist. International business class is not all equal. Heres my optic of Cathay Pacific Business Class LAXHKGBKK and the return BKKHKGLAX. How excited we were to by chance be able to save our vacation travel from headaches and fly Cathay Pacific. Originally, we were set to fly PAL Business Class thru Manila to BKK however, the Taal Volcano threw us a curve ball four days before our journey was to begin. In desperately search for an alternative carrier that would align with existing connections in BKK as well as return accommodation in BKK, Cathay Pacific held the flights. Without hesitation we booked. Now, we are not novices to International Business Class travel. EVA is our most preferred carrier, but its flight schedule did not align with our awaiting connection in BKK. We had always said that we should fly Cathay Pacific to see how it compared. It was only just nine months earlier we flew PAL for the first time and were pleasantly surprised. With that being said, we were under impression that Cathay Pacific held one up on EVA. So, perhaps Cathay Pacific would be our new go to first before EVA. Let us begin. Flight CX881 15 Jan 20 LAXHKG departed on time. Thats always a good thing. The business seat though lacks lumbar support see photo. The amenity kit was marginally stocked with a toothbrush kit, 15ml mouthwash, Bamford hand cream plus lip balm as well as hydrating face spray, sleep mask, and earplugs. Other marginal amenities were a pair of small disposal slippers that are not quite sized to accommodate a wide foot market and a comforter. No pajamas here folks on this long haul as EVA, but to be fair PAL lacks PJs as well. Good thing though I brought a heavy cotton sweater as the cabin is kept cold, like cold cold. You learn these little things as you travel. Not all carriers maintain comfortable air. Movie selection at first appears to be vast, but upon further review, Maleficent was the only recent movie. Im not on top of trending movies, so I named Maleficent due to TV commercial exposure. The rest are older releases with some that are ancient. Ah, not something expected. Please take time to learn what customers are seeing at the movies. A note about the interactive monitor, it is sluggish to the point of freezing up at times while scrolling. What type of dated software operating system is being used? Just saying. The dinner options were typical. Local food with some Western. When the flight attendant came to take my dinner order, she asked if I would like the burger. She then asked if I would like the seared chicken breast. That received a no. She actually looks stunned and finally asked what I would like. I ordered fish ball tung choy choy soup. For beverages, I ordered French Burgundy and water. BTW, no flight attendant comes around asking if you would like more wine.  Dessert taken was cheese along with fruit, and I asked for a cordial Cointreau. Another look of like OMG I have to work. With the flight leaving almost at midnight, there was no pre cordial anything which was not expected either. So many touch points missed. Remember this is International Business Class, not AmericanUnitedDelta domestic make believe first. A tablecloth is laid, but do not get excited.
 We took 3 flights with Aegean and would not recommend them to anyone. Had 3 issues 1. They overbooked our flight and bumped many people. We bought our flight 3 months ahead, but checked in about 18 hours before our flight they allow checkin up to 24 hours ahead. We were issued a standby ticket without any seats. When we got to the gate, we were told we may or may not get onto the flight and if we didnt then we would have to wait 4 hours for the late night flight, or try again in the morning. Lots of other people in the same situation. We were never issued boarding passes but we kept following up with the person at the ticket counter until they gave us passes, it seems like due to our persistence and nothing systematic. Luckily we got on that flight, but others didnt. Nowhere in the policy does it say that whether or not you get on the flight is related to your checkin time. If you take Aegean, check in right away and be persistent about asking for seats! 2. They apply a checked bag policy at will. We were sitting near the gate. The gate attendants approached us and asked to weigh our bags. Our bags, which fit easily into any overhead bin including previous Aegean flights were found to be slightly overweight apparently 9kgs are allowed, ours were about 10kgs. We asked if we could move 1kg into our purse  backpack. They said no, they need to check the two bags, and by the way they are charging us 40Euro per bag. This was for a 45 min flight from an island to Athens. We had no choice and were forced to pay. Also, there was no consistency in the way this rule was applied. We saw plenty of other people with carryons larger than ours allowed on the plane and there was plenty of space in the overhead bins. 3. Every flight we were on was late. Two of three were late by over 45 mins. We didnt have any connections, but I imagine many connecting flights were missed. And, this didnt happen to us, but its worth noting that when we landed in Athens, there were about 30 people waiting at the lost baggage desk. Most of them looked very angry. I asked one person what happened, and apparently an entire flight did not have their bags transferred at a connection. So not only will they force you to check your carryon and then pay for a checked bag, they might lose it too. Allinall, this is a pretty bad track record for 3 short island hop flights.
  New York to Jeddah via Amman. The worst customer service via telephone and web I have ever experienced. Every phone call made to discuss the same concern on the flight received a different answer, finally American Express had to intervene to which they also experienced hardships. The staff over the phone is rude, unapologetic and outright careless.  I will never fly this airline again. The flight experience wasnt better. Very dated aircraft. A 6 hour delayed connection with no explanation while waiting for my connection. A lack luster lounge and again very poor customer service. Do yourself a favor and fly with another airline if you have a chance.
11 Dec flights 3311 and 8028 economy. Attention at the airports and on board was excellent. TAM is really improving. Food was the normal cheese and ham sandwich to GRU then a better snack with a better sandwich GRU to SCL. What was nice was the attendants passed by 3 times offering drinks something unusual but very welcome in economy. I also like the attention paid to safety on board as the crew were far more conscious of it than on other airlines. For example we were not allowed to sit in emergency exit rows as we didnt speak Portuguese. I would have thought that speaking English would be good enough but I understand their point. Also there was a lot of turbulence across the Andes and they constantly reminded people to sit down which is also welcome. Im liking more this airline the more I choose them.
Prague to London Gatwick. The worst experience of an airline I have had, check in is only allowed 30 hours beforehand, and theres no way to prepay for baggage, so you must pay the exorbitant fee of £7 per kg. I would never willingly book such a terrible airline but was scammed into it by the equally awful Expedia.
Flew economy from London City to Mahon Menorca on 6th Sept. Flight was overbooked so some people got bumped off and flight was delayed 1 hr 30 mins whilst they tried to sort it all out. Had to stand in very crowded gate area whilst this was going on. Staff attitude was appalling and they told a different story re overbooking to the one the pilot gave on the plane  so who was telling the truth? On arrival in Mahon discovered our luggage had never been put on the plane. Luggage was then supposed to arrive the following day but this was cancelled and it was then moved to yet another flight and didnt arrive in Mahon until late Sunday night. However still wasnt delivered to our hotel until Monday night at 8.30pm. First trip with BA since early 90s and vowed then not to use BA again as the flight was so bad surly unhelpful crew etc. We fly at least 3 or more times a year and find that Middle East airlines and Virgin are far far better in terms of customer service.
 Travelled BKK to DAD 15th June 2019 on an A320. On time as usual. Changed initial ticket and preponed departure due to earlier international arrival. This proved to be easy without any hassle apart from some emails and a modest addition of 50 USD. If I change online the cost is horrendous. However, their helpdesk is fairly smooth and I could leave on an earlier flight for 49 USD which was OK. Got my BP in transit in BKK without any hassle. Free access to their dry lounge. Service on board is top notch for economy. Special meal provided, it was very delicious. Steel cutlery and wet towel. 2 drink rounds. Neat plane, fresh FA staff. I cant see how economy class can get any better apart from tedious busgating in Bangkok
GCIMAN on ATR 72. Flight 20 minutes delayed due to late inbound 25 mins but we were kept informed. Watching ground staff from the departure lounge one could see a very focussed and motivated group working together to reduce the delay. This is how it should be done but maybe it is easier for a small airline.
  Very nice experience. Staff was very friendly and helpful at the airport. They also offered to check in our slightly big hand luggage which made the trip easier. I was just very surprised and happy with how friendly they were, and how pleasant then the whole experience was. Flight was comfy and snacks were good.
  This is the worst airline my family has flown with! Food was so terrible. Everything is disorganized, almost no English is spoken by people on the planes or at the counters inside the US or in Panama. They do not take care of your baggage either. Lost my 23k suitcase, and did not provide me with a number to call or any information other than it can take 21 business days for them to find my bag. Everything was horrible except for the leg room in the plane that was decent. Dont expect any customer service either!
  Johannesburg to Durban. No communication, standing in queue for hours. How can we be on time for our commitment. Unfriendly staff. Rather drive next time
  Chaos during check in, poorly designed check in area. The airline asks you to download all documents to their website  Covid test, Vaccination certificate, Attestation, you get a boarding pass but when you arrive to Terminal 1 the business class agent has no idea about this process. He did not even have a computer. Luggage check in was smooth. Priority lane for security unpleasant and slow. Boeing 787 cabin with 1 21 lie flat seats, nice staff. Cabin overheated. Only 1 wc available.
ARNTLL Tallinn brand new CRJ900. Short 50 minute flight but ontime and very friendly attendants. Plane was spacious clean and comfortable. Onboard prices reasonable for BOB only disappointment is as the flight is so short they dont sell dutyfree so I couldnt buy something I wanted from the catalog. Tallinn airport is clean small and very easy to be in the centre of town in 1015 minutes. OW fare was US $90 and a good deal.
  Gatwick to Prague. Flight was over an hour delayed, there was no announcement about the delay from the airline, once we boarded the plane there was again no mention of a delay either. The air hostesses assigned to the front of the plane were so rude, unwelcoming and abrupt, the rudest hostess I have experienced, lack of customer service skills and no routine. They skipped serving aisle, and when you asked them for service they were extremely rude. Appalling airline and staff, would never book with this airline again, really need a lesson in how to show appreciation to all of your customers and not just the ones who speak your language or look the same as you.
  Toronto to Orlando. I tried to checkin today for my wife and I and found out that they had put us in separate rows even though we booked these tickets 3 months ago. I called and they wouldnt move us even though there were two emergency seats open. This occurred after they notified us 2 months ago that our flight home was cancelled and we had to choose a different flight. No apologies, no solutions, no customer service, just the arrogance of Air Canada.
Flew Mahan Air economy class from Dubai to Tehran IKA with Mahan Air. A340 felt safe, the aircraft was clean and comfortable. Cabin crew service was friendly and efficient. Quality of food and beverages non alocholic were of good standard. Would recommend this airline to everyone.
 Worst company ever, worst customer service ever. Always late, dont give you any information, make you wait for hours for nothing. My flight got cancelled and I had to struggle for months to get the EU legal compensation, they do not answer your messages, their flight are always latecancelled and good luck for the wait and get the compensation cause it will never come. A company to flee from. Never take this company, really its even worse than Ryanair.
  Our flight was delayed by approximately 4 hours. I have tried to contact them to be compensated for this and I have heard nothing back from them. They had already delayed the flight by almost an hour 4 hours prior to departure time and then delayed it again shortly before that departure time. By the time we left people had been waiting so long that some were escorted off the flight for inebriation. Communication is non existent. I realize its a budget airline but this is unacceptable
  If you are tempted to fly with this airline because of the wonderful price do not do it. The flight out to Paris was wonderful. The plane was empty so everyone had their own row to relax. The troubles didnt start until we arrived in Paris. On our flight to Paris they lost our babies car seat. When we went to check in today the lady at the counter was rude and unfriendly. We handed her 5 passports. Three for adults and two children. We had 4 bags to check in a stroller and we had our 2 year olds car seat. We have a double stroller. I was holding our ten month old and our two year old was sleeping in the stroller. In San Francisco they put stickers on all three pieces because the stroller breaks down into three pieces. When we told her that the stroller did that she rolled her eyes and said really. Then we tried to check in our two year olds car seat she said nope you cant take it, or you have to pay for it. When I explained they hadnt charged us for it in San Francisco she said well that is San Francisco. She then called the airline and they said we had to pay 50€ for the seat. She told us we had to go to a separate counter to pay then come back to her. As we were leaving she said wait let me put the stickers on the stroller. As she was putting the sticker on one of the pieces she noticed our daughter and said oh you have another child, we said yes, you have her passport to which she then said oh you dont have to pay anymore. Instead of apologizing she just said your finished. We upgraded to seats 4 thinking they would be wonderful seats because of our previous flight. But the seats had less space than before! They were so uncomfortable! Especially having a twenty pound baby on your lap. There was a section in front of us nobody knew was available. When I finally got the attention again of a stewardess the doors were being closed and she said that I needed to go to the gate to pay. What kind of airline charges for everything other than water, coffee and tea but wont let you buy up a seat? There were 8 seats open! Those seats remained open all flight. Our ten month old was walking back and forth in front of our seats holding onto the seats. We didnt notice but there was an ashtray in our daughters seat. In it was trash with liquid and food. It stuck and was disgusting. Our son put his hand in it. When I asked the stewardess to do something about it, she said you think its my problem? I said to her I am not saying you own the airplane but you are the only one whos really able to do anything because you have the access to things to clean it. She rolled her eyes at me. 6 minutes later another stewardess came with gloves and took out the trash and in the process got liquid on us and said there I got everything. She went and got a napkin dabbed and said there I am done and walked away. 6th thing, for a couple hours service was non existent. We were trying to make a bottle for our ten month old so he could sleep and we pushed the service button but nobody came for 30 minutes. I am horrified by the service.
During this Air Namibia flight, I received exceptional service from a flight steward on SWO714 between Cape Town and Walvisbay on 7th December 2015. He went the extra mile to help out with a difficult situation. I noticed on the steps to the aeroplane that I had left one of my hand luggage items in the restaurant in the departure lounge. This was a tragedy for me because the item was a very large framed photograph shown below I had taken of my soninlaw, and was meant to be his Christmas present. The steward immediately offered to find out whether it could be retrieved but there was too little time left before takeoff. Later on he gave me a cell phone number to enquire with assurance that something could be done. When I phoned that number the following morning, I had little hope of any success but to my surprise the steward himself answered the phone, told me that the picture had been found and will be kept safely until my return from Namibia on 27th December. I ask him if there was any chance of getting the photograph to Walvisbay, seeing that it is a special Christmas present? He said he will see what he can do and will let me know. That very afternoon, I could pick up the picture from the Walvisbay airport  what an incredible service.
  As described in my review yesterday, Vueling Customer Service Dept informed me on both outward and return flights that they could not validate my documents, without indicating what the problem was, thus preventing me from checking in online. I drafted a complaint, providing full details of the totally inadequate service provided by Customer Service, and sent it to them yesterday. I have just received their response, a pro forma apology, shorter than the one they sent me after my outward flight. Not a word about the specific points outlined in my complaint, and no explanation of why the could not validate my documents. My request for an explanation was the key point of my complaint, because I want to know what happened so that I can avoid any repetition. I sent an immediate reply to their apology, and by automatic reply I received this message Dear customer, We inform you that this email address has been deactivated. We are pleased to inform you that our Customer Service communication channels have changed in order to be able to offer you a better service. An excellent case of Vuelings actions speaking louder than their words.
 Went on a round trip StockholmBerlin for a long weekend. On the way, the Air Berlin flight was about 30 min late. When landing in Berlin, there were no buses that could take us to the terminal. We were stuck in the plane for about 30 min before any buses came. We are now on the way back to Stockholm, and the latest information says that the flight is 40 min delayed. Just hoping to get home soon. I will not choose Air Berlin again, no matter how cheap the tickets are.
Arrived at Gatwick to face a tediously slow 45 minute queue to checkin, before proceeding through the well renovated security clearance in North Terminal. Swift boarding, although flight was delayed an hour whilst sat onboard due to an ATC issue which required a rerouting. Frequent updates provided by a friendly Captain. Once underway food and drinks service prompt and although not generous, tasted good. PTVs are good but the fimtv selection is very poor c. ten films. Seat pitch good 33 and decent recline, although seats are narrow and can be uncomfortable when youve a large person seated beside you, as I did. On the return flight, smooth boarding by bus, timely departure and landed 45 minutes early. Meal service and dutyfree took four hours to be completed, which left less than five hours to sleep before being awoken for a reasonably good English breakfast. All in all, an acceptable experience  you get what you pay for, value for money, and we only opted for Thomson due to the direct flights to Puerto Vallarta to visit friends  preferable to a twostop option via MADMEX.
 I have never experienced a such bad company for an airline. Such a low cost company should cover long routes. It was really uncomfortable! I had flight from Dubai to Naples for six hours on a small seat. The plane took off almost one hour late. Everything onboard was on coast drinks, entertainment system, that is ridiculous! The crew seemed to be under trained to deal with passengers and not patient at all. I wont dare had any problem onboard. I will never fly again with flydubai or Emirates. Be careful when you buy your tickets with Emirates. Half of the route could be on nice plane with a decent service and half route with flydubai. I have to come back to Bangkok and Im really afraid to fly again with flydubai. Please improve your service! Dont just try to make big profits. Bad experience means a loss of customers.
  I will never ride with this airline again. Their employees are rude, unhelpful, and dont care about assisting their customers. We arrived at the airport 3 hours ahead of our flight and went to their front desk to check in 2.5 hours prior. We were unable to selfcheck in or precheck in as their machinesystem didnt like my husbands documents so we had to actually speak with someone to check in. 2.5 hours early and they told us they closed down and that they are unable to check us in. We asked what they expected us to do, and they said that it is our fault and that we are out of luck. We were provided their customer service line which wasnt working for the first few hours even though we constantly called and we asked for a supervisor and was denied because their supervisor is in a different part of the airport and wont do anything for us. We were told to just call the service line and that they will not help us as they walked away from us. Mind you I am not from this country and was essentially abandoned there which they again said was my fault for not coming even earlier even though they were only there 3.5 hours ahead so only allowing a 1hour window to get checked in. When we called, they said that we would have to pay $200 extra per ticket to rebook on a different flight since they cant verify or do anything on their end. We missed our flight and attempted to get the supervisor for the next shift almost 4 hours later who was barely able to get us on their next flight only because 2 of the passengers hadnt checked in an hour prior to the flight otherwise we were out of luck and would have missed our connecting flight with a different airline. On the phone they said that they have nothing to do with it, that they cant reimburse me later on a supervisor side of things and that they should have been there up to an hour before the flight leaves but they left 2 hours before. Other passengers ended up having to take their checked bags past security only because they were able to check in online. They were ok with me being stranded and stuck there and blamed us even though they say nothing about when the latest you can check in. On top of that you need to make sure you bring a card to purchase water, drinks, or food as they dont allow you to bring any onto the plane. The seats are small, the employees are rude and unhelpful. I would much rather spend more money in order to not have the stress or worry again then to have to have this be even a remote possibility in the future. They were overall horrible and did nothing to really fix the situation. Take my warning and dont take them unless you like being even more stressed when you fly. If I could give 0 stars for all of them I would because everything was poor, and you dont get any wifi or way to watch the in flight entertainment unless you bring your own old fashioned headphones,
 Very poor customer services. On the last flight we were told by ground staff there are not enough meals on board so we wont get any only in case of leftovers and we can write a complaint to the airline afterwards. When questioning the crew why we would not get any meal if we have a full price ticket, the board crew reacted very rudely and we received different answers, first as the flight is overbooked and then as we checked in as one of the last passengers should not matter how many hours before we check as we had a valid full price ticket. At the end we received two meals, but which seemed to be from different passengers who didnt finish or want it, as several items were already missing, and one meal was already opened. However, we did not complain anymore and accepted it. Before landing another crew member came unsolicited to us again and kept arguing with us again in a very rude manner and we should be happy that we received anything and finally she left saying thats not her responsibility. In addition, we were traveling with an infant and did not get offered baby food, while other customers did. When filing a feedback with the airline afterwards, we only got the answer that they investigated but could not find any meal service irregularities on the flight and also no improper behavior of crew members wonder how they investigate that. After some forth and back and only the typical prefabricated customer service answers and even some answers that have nothing to do with my complain e.g. they said I should have informed the crew members  that was actually my complaint, and in a second answer that I would have to submit a doctors report not addressing the issue at all, I gave up. It seems nobody is really reading the feedback, they only copy past some generic prefabricated answers. In addition, on the return flight our stroller that we left at the gate was handled without any care. We even saw from the airplane window how the stroller was tossed around while unloading even ground staff I guess is probably not airline responsibility. The stroller and the basket had scratches all over the place. Even the rain cover that we put over to protect the basket to some extent was destroyed. Not to mention the delays of one hour sitting in the airline waiting for departure with an infant on each of our two flights. Overall, one of the worst flight experiences and one of the most impolite cabin crew. And even booked the more expensive TK ticket, compared to lowcost airlines for example, expecting better service in particular as we were traveling with an infant. But it turned out to be a pretty disappointing experience flying with TK and not any better than a lowcost airline. Not recommend it at all.
  I flew with Air Dolomiti twice in May even though I was initially supposed to fly with Lufthansa, but they changed us to Air Dolomiti. Both flights were late the first one was 3 hours late and made us miss our connecting flight to the USA. The second flight from Frankfurt to Trieste was one hour late. On the second flight, they made my mother have her case under her feet because there was no space in the overhead cabins, while they let people keep their backpacks and jackets there. 
BudapestVenice Marco Polo. Malev put me on this Moldavian Airlines flight without warning of a code share. Proved to be a fairly pleasant flight in the end. Food consisted of a chocolate bar and a glass of Hungarian red wine. On the way back the flight was a little late arriving and they clearly rushed everyone on without having time to clean up. The connection between Malev and Moldavian airlines is confusing. The pilot thanked us for flying with Malev but the stewardesses were in Moldavian uniforms and the plane was clearly Moldavian.
ORY to SXM and return via PTP. Excellent flight confortable seats good food and drinks services during the flight. Inflight entertainment very good. Staff quality of service rated very good. Ticket price unbeatable !
  Amsterdam to San Francisco via Reykjavik. Never again!! I was blindsided by the seemingly cheap fares. Turns out, it wasnt cheap at all, because I needed to pay for luggage, seats and what not. What frustrated me the most was that my partners luggage did not arrive in San Francisco. We were without his suitcase for 10 out of 13 days on our vacation. Back home, we filed a request and Wow aiR granted us a compensation which they are bound to do by law!! and said that processing the payment would take between 1012 weeks. Very irritating, how can making a money transfer take up to 12 weeks? Now, after 4 months, the money has not been transferred. Wow air does not answer our mails and the hotline employees keep putting me off. What a scam! Do not book a flight with this airline, it is most likely going into insolvency, seeing as theyre withholding money and cancelling destinations altogether.
  Phoenix to Honolulu. In order to enjoy a trip from Paradise home, one must pass through the gates of purgatory, which is another word for Hawaiian Airlines within the Daniel Inouye airport in Honolulu. For two seniors traveling with luggage, this was an excruciating experience. The three separate and long lines needing to endure just in order to check baggage was senseless. The walk from the main terminal to the gate to the departure area might as well have been from downtown Waikiki, which might have been more pleasant. And then theres the food onboard. Or more precisely, the absence of anything worthwhile to consume. Fortunately we learned our lesson on the outbound flight after going hungry for about eight hours. We packed a good lunch and snacks and were then able to bypass the airlines poor quality offerings.
  I want to thank Sonja for having such a wonderful spirit. Her service and energy should be the model that all airline personnel should aspire to achieve. Thank you Sonja for making my wife and I trip to Los Angeles a memorable one. God Bless you!
  Pros  Direct flight from Barcelona to Tbilisi. Competitive prices. Aircraft is comfortable. Cons  Cant choose your meal, No inflight entertainment. Aircraft is rather small Embraer 190, yet comfortable. Cant beat direct flights and good prices, other than that it just feels like a cheap lowcost airline, but still my preferred option for my location.
HELMUC on tired MD 87. Took the Internet upgrade opportunity for 4900€ to Premium Economy. Worth it on ground service Quick checkin Fast Track at Security as Economy Pax had a long queue for both. The SAS Lounge in Helsinki very basic. Cabin crew friendly nice breakfast. However no English newspapers available and no comments at all to the flight from the cockpit! The price for the upgrade is ok as I had 2 rows for me alone  in contrary to the Economy cabin which was 95 full. Otherwise you are flying Low Cost with a high economy fare.
  Bogota to Havana. Since the beginning of my trip planning, Wingo offered excellent service. First of all, it was very easy to book, and as a lowcost airline where you know they will search many ways to make some extra money, they were very clear all the time with what you were able to do if you didnt want to pay more than the plane ticket. Ground service offered the Cuban visa before taking off. I found this a very good quota of service. The flight day I was surprised for them to be so punctual. We started the itinerary on time, arriving at Havanas airport earlier than expected. The seats were really comfortable considering that it is a lowcost airline, comfy legroom plus good inflight service. They offer a menu with many options to eat in flight, and I consider they have really good prices, and they can get cheaper if you can pay in Colombian Peso due to the exchange tax. If you want to have more extra space in the seat you can pay $20 inflight or COP 60.000. I recommend Wingo if you dont have a really big budget and if you dont care about having entertainment for international flights.
  I wont travel with them again. My luggage was missed during my flight and its been 4 weeks now, I didnt receive them. I made a feedback online and i was surprised that they marked my complaint as solved although i didnt receive my luggage yet. Their customer service are not helpful, their call center is not answering most of the time.
I would call it a disastrous experience if there was any. They simply cancelled their flight on 7 August 2014 between Moscow and Naples Italy without offering any alternatives. The story behind this was as I heard that due to weather conditions their plane landed in a different airport in Moscow and for some reasons they could not or did not want to relocate it to the proper one. What a good partner for BA! Never fly Meridiana!
  Jakarta to Jayapura. Comfortable flight with decent food and a good selection of movies. The only minor problem was that headsets were not provided and had to be purchased from crew for 25.000 Rp. With the fare very similar to nofrills Lion Air, part of the same group, Batik is very good value.
  My experience with this airline has not been good. First off they cancelled my flight but agreed to move the date to another day and lucky for me I was flexible. I paid for my seats both ways and when I checked in the seat I paid for was correct and was listed on my boarding pass 2F. When I got to the gate and I went to board she said that was not my seat and they had no more window seats. Im like how can that be, she had no answer. I was super angry because why pay for a seat when they just give it away.
La Paz  Sucre in an exMexicana 727. Ticketing process is manual and very slow  beware and get your tickets before the airport! We were handed a little snack bag as we boarded then served drinks on board  a great way to provide good service on a short flight.
  I dont know where to start, this airline is always late. Akasa is undoubtedly known for the delays it causes, mainly by a few hours and sometimes even almost a day. Akasa gave 1 hour time before the departure, as its boarding time, which is atrocious. Today, I was on the way to the airport, when I received a last moment notification stating the delay of my flight QP 1314 by an hour, which was still okay at that point. The madness began when I reached the airport and was lined in the queue for checking in my luggage when the Akasa employees started pulling out other passengers from another flight that had begun boarding. On finally reaching the counters after over half an hour, the ground staff refused to take my luggage as the Departure time was 3.30 pm after the delay, and the boarding mentioned by them was 2.30 pm and the time was 2.32 pm. They refused the baggage, and I had to run through security with 15kg of luggage, which had 2 bottles of alcohol. Upon finally reaching the gate, the flight was mentioned delayed again. The boarding did not start before 3.20 pm. 
  Wonderful cabin attendants. But, the food was really bad. Kentucky Fried Chicken is not a good meal unless you are children. Very disappointed in the food selection.
  A very enjoyable flight. I flew roundtrip from Tokyo to Okinawa and was surprised that even the cheapest fare on their domestic routes includes registered luggage and allows you to choose a seat for free. The cabin crew was outstanding, one of the flight attendants gave me couple of their Star Wars postcards after Id told her my parents are big fans of the franchise. All in all, I will surely consider flying with them again if I ever find myself in Japan again.
  This was a great surprise as we have never flown Loganair before and expected a noisy prop jet, instead we had a small jet both ways. The ground staff were amazing as I requested a wheelchair for my husband at the last moment and they looked after him really well. It was a lovely smooth flight both ways and it took around an hour to reach our destination. We hope they continue to stay flying from Southampton as this is the best flight on that route we have ever had. I would certainly recommend the airline.
I am flying FDHDUS regularly and I am fully satisfied with this airline. Due to the smaller sizes of their aircrafts the flight takes some time about 1hr 15 min but service onboard is excellent. Good regional snacks and plenty of drinks are served during the flight. Ground handling in FDH is very quick and efficient. Prices are high but still recommendable!
 So Paulo to London Gatwick via Madrid. This is a jokedisgrace of an airline. We had booked with 2 adults and 2 children ages 5 and 3. They placed us in separate seats. On check in they demanded that we pay extra for the privilege of having our toddlers sitting with us. With this ransom over our heads, we paid extra. On getting to the gate, despite us showing our online tickets, they demanded we go to a separate desk with 30 minutes wait to print the tickets. We got to the print desk, and they didnt have the updated seats wed paid for at check in. Despite us having a 3 year old and having paid to be together the staff of this disgusting airline insisted we all sit apart. We spent the first ten minutes of being on the plane negotiating with various kind, unlucky customers seat swaps. During the 10 hour flight, we were offered one  meal and they also rationed water. There were several minor other gripes that place this airline way below its peers by itself but wont trivialise the above by going into details. Do yourself a favour and NEVER, NEVER use this disgrace of an airline. Employees there should feel ashamed.
  We flew round trip to Anchorage from Minneapolis. The airline was good about telling people they need to wear a mask over their nose and mouth at the beginning of each flight, but then there was no enforcement of that policy. On our return home, there was one guy with his mask on his chin, not covering nose and mouth, that chatted with the flight attendants for a long period of time, yet he was not told to use his mask properly. Many, many others not covering nose and mouth. I appreciate that wearing masks was not previously the responsibility of flight attendants. Well, I am sorry, but it is now. All of the flight crew is responsible for the safety of the passengers, including the protection against the spread of Covid 19. I would definitely not use this airline until they carry out their responsibility to keep their passengers safe. In addition, we waited by the luggage carousel for over an hour before the luggage came.
 Pathetic experience as the seats were not clean, no screens were working in the row E, the food was not tasty, half of the cuisine was made with corns only. Only crew at the back rows were very polite and decent, two female and one male member very nice. Very uncomfortable seats. The experience at the ground level was also pathetic as the ground staff was asking unnecessary questions which were not relevant at all. When one person has a visa of the country he or she is travelling to then even they were asking irrelevant questions as in where is the invitation letter, how many days is the stay for thought already shown the return ticket. Invitation letter is to be asked by the immigration dept not with the airline travelling with. Then after check in and immigration when finally entering in the aircraft again the person is asking where is the invite  what makes sense out of it, dont understand. It is just to unnecessarily harassing the passengers. I think we all are educated and we know the rules and regulations to be followed while travelling then why unnecessary harassment. Air India needs to improve a lot on their quality.
  This round trip flight experience was horrendously poor, starting with having to board a bus each way, from the tarmac to the aircraft, and climb descend a steel stairway in extreme heat. Why can your aircraft not pull up to a gate jetway and board deplane normally? What is your malfunction? On the return flight to Riyadh, we were herded like livestock and squeezed on top of each other into busses and made to sit there for 3040 minutes, in 40 degree heat, because the aircraft was still being fueled up. Why didnt they just keep us in inside the terminal, at the gate, if the plane wasnt ready, instead of treating us like animals? Passengers were asked to show ID and boarding passes at least 8 times I counted, from the time we enter the airport, until boarding the plane, which was delayed because it wasnt fueled. This is an understandable delay and does happen, but why subject us to the heat outside? If airport busses are shared by airlines, they werent going anywhere, anyway, overloaded and way over capacity. Is this standard operating procedure on FlyDubai, especially during a pandemic? We had to put our carry on belongings down on the ground when exiting the bus in 40 degree heat and before ascending the aircraft stairway to show ID and boarding pass. Do they think that a random, middle aged white woman just ran up on the tarmac from out of nowhere and is trying to board their plane to Riyadh? I was asked for ID again, for the 8th time, as I finally boarded the plane. They switched our seats, as well. Our boarding passes did not reflect the seats we initially chose, online, and someone was sitting in the seat I purchased, weeks earlier. Put others in the remaining seats. The flight attendants were very obviously in physical distress from the heat and stress of this fiasco and I was concerned about the one performing preflight safety procedures, who looked like she might pass out. As an experienced world traveler, I would not recommend FlyDubai, nor would I fly them again. The well being, safety and quality of flight for passengers is quite obviously, not a priority.
 Excellent flight from Paris to Montral, I wouldnt have recommended Air France 6 or 7 years ago, but this airline is really improving. The cabin crew was pleasing and careful, the flight landed earlier than announced and the food was pretty good for an economy class. The only negative point is that Paris CDG is really disorganized, it is probably one of the worst airports Ive had experienced with Amsterdam AMS in Europe. I really hope that it will improve within the next years.
I was traveling for work to and from Amsterdam to Samos. I was seated on the first row with even for the B7378 a lot of space for my legs. Slept almost the whole time so for me this was a perfect flight. Cabin crew were very professional!
A timewarp experience to say the least my flight from Beijing to Pyongyang was without hitch although youd be hard pressed to find a team less interested in not only the well being but the safety of the passengers. For example when the purser was meant to make the safety announcement she looked around and saw a flight full of foreigners. As a result she actually shrugged rolled her eyes and sat right back down instead of briefing us. That it was a 30 year old Tupolev made that nagging feeling of I should probably listen to the safety announcement in case I jinx the flight all the more pressing. That said the flight was a dream. The plane felt so heavy we barely realised we were touching down. The food was passable but the experience was unforgettable. Our seats tilted forwards rather than backwards. But for a 2 hour flight the sense of wonder far outweighs any actual discomfort. The stewardesses seemed more interested in reapplying thick strata of foundation and redoing their 60s overdone hairstyles than actually serving their passengers but the sight was certainly more entertaining than the sad slightly desperate propaganda movies played throughout the flight. My Air Koryo flight was a tremendous start to my trip.
  I used Air Macau for a roundtrip from Tokyo to Narita. I was able to get the tickets for a quite low price, so I was not expecting much from this airline. At the end, I was able to get a fair flight from them, but there were still some issues that made my journey inconvenient. The thing that bugged me was that some items in the cabin seemed to either have issues or was nonfunctional. One of them was the tray tables. It was mandatory for me to use it as both of my flights included 1 meal. But, whenever I try to place my food tray on it, it keeps sliding towards me. It was quite annoying at the time. Also, in one of my flights my seat recliner was broken. Despite the poor maintenance, the cabin staff was very friendly and helpful on both of my flights.  Overall, Air Macau is a minor airline and passengers shouldnt expect much from them. If you are a person that doesnt mind the poor condition of the plane and want a straight flight to Macau, then I would recommend this airline to you. If not, then I would rather suggest taking other flights heading to Hong Kong and using the ferry from Hong Kong to Macau.
Open Skies makes the waiting and boarding process very relaxed. In Newark we were treated to the British Airways Lounge as we were flying BizBed to Paris. Security was even easier with all the little perks you get by flying this boutique airline. The bed was okay but the configuration of the BizBed cabin was atrocious. Once everyone reclines their bed you can not get out if you in the window seat. Each bed unfolds to the edge of the seat in front and in back of them. Coming home we were in the BizSeat cabin. Orly Airport was excellent. Security was set up so you bypass the masses and enter through a private line. The lounge was quite comfortable and extremely relaxing. For the comparative price to business classfirst class on other airlines this is a great bargain.
  I was on Flight no 1018 Delta From Fort Lauderdale to Raleigh and it was the best flight Ive ever been on. The reason it was so good was due to the steward Vincent What a nice, pleasant man. He was professional, entertaining and made my day. More people should be like him. Thank you for a great experience.
 When I tell you the reviews was so discouraging and negative but go against all odds. The flight from Freeport to Fort Lauderdale was peaceful and safe. It was 3 members in my party. We were scheduled to return to the US on Sunday but do to hurricane Dorian on the way we had to leave the resort in a hurry. All the airlines were booked! The only thing available was Bahamasair and Im so grateful and took a huge leap of faith and booked. The aircraft took off on time with no delays, no turbulence and the pilot and team were all will dress and pleasant. The Bahamians really took care of us. The flight was maybe 25 minutes with safe landing. When I read many of the reviews people were complaining about delays. Remember delays not denied. Thank you Bahamasair.
  Very bad communication from Aeromexico customer service. Our flight was delayed from Vancouver to Cancun resulting in losing one day of our vacation time. On contacting Aeromexico customer service regarding the matter, I got a reply after exactly 1 month that they cannot do anything about it. Customer rep name is Alfonso Urbina Valdez. Extremely rude and inconsiderate agent. Not only this, our 4 year old was assigned a separate seat from his guardians. Upon requesting airport staff first they said they cannot do anything about it. Are these people insane or what? I would give negative reviews if I could. Never flying with Aeromexico again.
  Budapest to Brussels. This airline has traditional prices but service levels below those of lowcost ones there are no extra benefits, just extra problems. I flew with them for 3 times so far in the past two months, between Brussels and Budapest. First time 28th Oct. we were near the end of the boarding queue with my colleagues, so they took our carryon baggage on the plane to be put in the cargo hold. After landing, they never turned up on the carousel at Zaventem, until the indication appeared that there is no more luggage coming. We went to their desk at the baggage area, and after making some calls, they said that our items will turn up eventually on another carousel. They did indeed, about half an hour later. The second time 1st Dec. we departed from Budapest an hour late. There was no apparent reason, boarding was completed on time. What is more, we landed with even MORE delay, which is quite an achievement since arrival times are normally pessimistic. Last time 6th Dec., when returning from Brussels, by the time of the gate announcement, it was already displayed that we would leave 50 minutes late because of previous delays. At least that remained constant, and we left at the indicated time. I realize that some of these events may not be the fault of the airline, but the overall image is not great. The staff apologized every time, but we didnt get any kind of compensation for all these delays, even though our company is a regular customer that might change now that we realized that flying with WizzAir and taking a shuttle tofrom Charleroi might still be faster, cheaper and more reliable.
  We flied Thai Airways for many times both business and economy class. This time we flied back to Bangkok from Stockholm. The aircraft is A350 which is quite relatively new. The checkin was smooth but SAS lounge was quite mediocre we will review later. On board the crew gave us very warm welcome. They are friendly and attentive. The seat is quite good for us. The service was excellent in term of food and cabin crew. The flight was only 10 minutes delay.
  They dont allow enough time for passengers to change flights so they end up spending hours at Istanbul Airport. Theres no way you can run and catch a flight in 60 minutes, with doing all the security checks. No airport staff available to assist you in fast tracking and definitely no carts that can rush passengers to their terminals. I waited for 6 hours for the next flight and everyone was clueless whats the boarding gate.
  On the 24th September 2017 I had a Premium Economy flight booked from Paris Orly to Pointe a Pitre which we booked 9 months beforehand. However a couple weeks before we received a schedule change which meant that we had a return from Pointe a Pitre 1 day earlier and then because we had a flight back to the UK on our original return date we had to spend alot of money of a hotel in Paris Orly as we we returning one day early. Air Caraibes refused to provide us with a hotel or a refund and instead mentioned that we should make a claim after our travel. I made a claim to Air Caraibes at the beginning of October 2017 however they have not replied. I have sent another email for compensation so fingers cross I will get a response. Terrible
  Cabin crew were friendly and polite. Delayed 2hrs due to chaos at EDI on the outbound. However the onboard service was laughable. 86ml of water and a miniature packet of crisps described as light snack. Very light!! Had the audacity to announce it was complimentary! I know there are supply issues as well detailed in the media but that was a joke
Arlanda to Marsa Alam return. All things considered it was better than the Tui equivalent where our 25 and 7 year olds were only offered coffee or tea no water as a beverage for paid meals. Staff were friendly food looked great we packed our own and no price gouging on the drinks service.
  They only let passengers know that the first flight from Abidjan to Addis Ababa was cancelled 4 hours after planned departure. After this, still no information about the rest of our journey for us passengers with connecting flights. Only the day after when a new flight from Abidjan to Addis Ababa was coming 24 hours after cancelled one, they informed me that they had changed my booking to fly over Dubai and then to Bahrain with flydubai. This will prolong my flight time with 29 hours, and I miss a full day at work. This itinerary appeared from my online booking but they did not give me any boarding pass or other kind of documentation. They just told me to deal with it in Dubai. Arriving in Dubai at 3am well in advance of my flight with flydubai scheduled for 715am, turns out that Ethiopian Airlines had not made any booking for me. The staff from flydubai tells me that their only chance to rebook me is the night flight at 1700 thus I could look forward to 10 hours in Dubai airport. I run back to the gate where Ethiopian Airlines is boarding the flight back to Addis Ababa, there was a full queue of people waiting to board the flight back to Addis Ababa. I joined the end of the queue and waited until it got my turn. I kindly told one of the Ethiopian Airlines staff that once he had finished with boarding the passengers, I had a claim. They then left the gate, leaving me behind. 
  I enjoyed the flight. There was a slight delay with departure, but that was no big hassle. The staff were very friendly and helpful. There was limited food available they ran out of juice  but that was no big deal on such a brief flight.
  Lahore to Dubai via Bahrain. Gulf Air refused to board me and my family. They refused to give reason of refusal in writing. Verbally they told it is advise from Bahrain office. We had valid family visa and traveled 3 days later on a different airline. Gulf Air further applied cancellation charges. They never responded to my complaint lodged at their site. This complaint has all details and contact information.
 Flew Hong Kong to Da Nang with Jetstar Pacific. First off, its a no frills airline, people need to always remember that if you only pay a little bit for your flight youre only going to get a little bit of service. If you want to be fanned with palm leaves, pay more for a full service carrier. The aircraft was newer, very clean, comfortable although paid a bit extra for the exit row, and both to and from Da Nang were on time. At both ends of the journey the staff were pretty good, more smiles and attentiveness in Da Nang than Hong Kong, but I am not taking issue with that at all. Safe and ontime is all that matters with a low cost carrier. We didnt order any food, so cant comment first hand on that, but the couple in front of us did and they finished it all so it must not have been too bad. Overall, cant complain and further advice would be to read the TC instead of just clicking accept.
 We were upgraded to Business class for free on Istanbul Airport which was an exciting experience with the kids. The seat was spacious, the IFE had thousands of entertainment options. High speed internet for the whole duration of the flight. Meals were top notch and the crew were extremely pleasant with us. Overall an excellent 4 hr flight. Would definitely choose Turkish Airlines for future endeavors
 Very bad experience with airline staff. They are not taking care of customers. Unprofessional staff. Asking for help many times with their employees, none of them are helping. They are not even listening. They are talking on phone and talk to another staff making jokes each other, very bad customer service
  I booked a flight Gulf Air from Dubai to Hyderabad via Bahrain. Flight was delay in Dubai 30min. When we reached in Bahrain no one announce flight left to Hyderabad. After checking with customer care they said we already calling customer. Hence I lost my flight. Then I book a return back ticket to Dubai. I asked on counter for my luggage they said we will loaded in Dubai flight. When I reached Dubai airport cant find my Luggage
 I was skeptical of this airlines because of how new it was and seemed to be getting soso reviews. So after taking my flight I felt the need to leave a review to help add another viewpoint to the system. Overall I would rate the experience 4.8 out of 5 stars, but have no problem giving them 5. I flew myself and my family, a total of 3 people, from Orlando, FL to our state home, nonstop, for under $450. This was in the start of spring break for many places and most tickets were 300$400person for other flights. Prices for Breeze did go up as the flight day came closer, but stayed under $150person by the day of the flight. Any other airlines would have been significantly more expensive and had a connection flight, taking longer to get us home. The process on the app is fairly simple and making changes is easy as well. The first issue I had was the app can be a bit slow to update your gate location if it doesnt have one yet. On the day of the flight we figured out what gate we needed to go to through google flights before the app informed us of the location. It did tell us well in advance though, about an hour out from boarding. It was fairly simple to find the main desks at the airport, but usually no one will be there until at least 2 hours prior to the flight, or at least thats the case at MCO. Our flight was slightly delayed l, but that was because something delayed it before it arrived in Orlando, so it was just the domino effect. They did do their best to get things caught up, which only had us delayed by 10 min in the end. Boarding went fairly quick and we were quick to get up in the air. One of the captains actually grabbed the intercom that the flight attendants use and updated everyone on the status of everything while in plain view, before departing. I appreciated that personalized address, instead of the standard, locked in the cabin and talking to you from behind closed doors. During the flight, like most budget airlines, every snack and item will cost something. One surprise though is that entertainment is complimentary on our flight, but youll have to use your own device. You simply log in to their onboard WiFi and select the free option which takes you to their website that offers a variety of movies, shows, and games at no charge. If you want more internet access options youll have to pay for upgraded internet. The seats were actually very comfortable for a budget flight. I upgraded us to extra leg room, or basically the first class seats for $30seat. The seats just behind those though also looked similarly comfortable, but I did not look at the seats further back and dont know if theyre the same or different the further back you go. Landing went smoothly and my checked baggage was delivered to baggage claim fairly quickly and didnt have the appearance of being thrown in the ring with a wild bull, like some Ive seen in the past with other airlines. In the end, I spent a total of $440 and that included 3 selected seats at $30ea and one checked bag for $35. Flight for 3 people was about $169 and fees were around $146. Overall, I was happy with the airlines and will very likely use them again. Hopefully the experience will continue to be the same. Pros App easy to navigate and change items with you flight Prices were great Upgrade options were fairly priced Seats were comfortable Staff friendly and captain was personable Cons App can be slow to update info
 Very impressed when baggage unloaded in Houston. Every bag on the carousel was stacked neatly with handles facing out so we could easily grab them! I have never seen this before and made my long day of traveling have a happy ending ! Thanks to the baggage handler for caring about your customers!
Flight from Jakarta Halim Perdana Kusuma to Semarang. Booked this airline due to the airport being located in Jakarta city centre  Halim Perdana Kusuma Airport HLP. Airline changed the departure time without notification, I realized the delay through the web checkin and asked their call centre to confirm it. The checkin process was chaotic as they only have two counters open for 5 different flights. The baggage handling was OK for low cost airlines. The cabin looks good and clean. The cabin crew were helpful and polite. I sat on the seat 31A, limited space and limited recline. The flight was good. For value of money and quality, I recommed to fly with this airlines for short flights 12 hours flight.
  On the way back to airport from resort they refused to take us to the airport and we had to pay from our own pocket. When we got to airport our Sunwing flight was delayed for 5 hours without letting us know. I had activated my flight alert for any changes but they still didnt update us. When it comes to responsibilities they do not care who you are. Worst vacation we ever had and we never try this airline again thats for sure.
  LHR  ATH. Checkin was polite, professional and quick. Great selection of Dutyfree shops and eateries in T2. Boarding was orderly and greeted at aircraft door by polite and immaculately dressed cabin crew. On time departure, clean aircraft inside and outside. Seats are comfortable with adequate legroom. Drinks service and snack served. Attentive crew. Toilets at rear of plane in Economy were clean. Smooth flight, landed early. Good trip, recommended.
 Possibly the worst airline I have had the misfortune to use. Delayed over 12 hours on outbound journey. No ground staff to greet us and walked aimlessly around an airport asking for help. Had to take 3 flights the following day to get to our destination. Customer service is zero! Will never use this airline again.
Munich to Malta. Good friendly service and on time arrival. The aircraft was modern and I liked the random Maltese facts painted on the inside of each engine. When I first sat down in my seat the plane had been configured wrongly and my economy seat was in fact in business class. Once the passengers were all seated the crew reconfigured the aircraft and moved the curtains further up. This meant that we couldnt see the screen displaying the safety and emergency procedures video. The food was very limited and if we wanted anything more including coffee there was an extra surcharge. Overall, though this was a perfectly adequate airline.
ODSIEV on a new ATR having small screens for the safe announcements and you can see some comics during the 1 hour 15 minutes flight. Flight was full but service was ok  they offered refreshment. Staff were very friendly and we were on time. Overall very nice experience.
Singapore to Ipoh with Tigerair. It was a short flight of about an hour and a half. The flight took off with a 5 minutes delay due but arrived Ipoh before the scheduled time. The captain was fantastic as he greeted us warmly when we alighted the plane. The staff were super friendly. The price I feel is a bit high because Firefly offer a cheaper price and I might choose Tigerair if Firefly is not available. The seat was not comfortable for long journeys  it feels like you are sitting on metal. The inflight entertainment was so so but overall a good flight to Ipoh.
  London to Bangkok via Shenzhen. Pretty much the worst experience I had on a plane. Staff where highly incompetent, flight attendants where unprepared, the seats were extra small, onboard entertainment was a joke, I mean, there where only 4 movies and all Chinese. Try to avoid.
  New Boeing 737 Max aircraft, spacious cabin, great leg room. Some aircraft that akasa air uses are ex Jet Airways aircraft that have ample leg room. Akasa cafe is excellent, Checkin was hassle free as i had selected my seat and web check a day earlier prior to my travel. Crew was polite and helpful. USB chargers for mobiles are given in every seat,
  I purchased a one way flight with Jetstar Pacific at a total cost of A$519 to fly from Da Nang to Sydney on 19122019 for Xmas. The first leg involved a domestic flight to HCMC where I was to connect to the international flight to Sydney. My flight was due to depart Ho Chi Minh City at 10.35pm. At 7.15pm I was advised that the flight had been delayed until 4.45am the next day. After much trouble, I managed to change my flight to the same flight departing at 10.35pm on 20122019. I had to outlay for taxis and a hotel. On 20122019 I checked in and was waiting to board when we were advised that the flight had been cancelled. We were subsequently advised by an Information officer no Jetstar rep met with us at the boarding gate that all Jetstar flights had be cancelled and that we were to find and fund our own way to Sydney. We then paid for taxis to a hotel paid for by Jetstar. I booked a flight with AirAsia to Sydney for the 21 December at a total cost of $679. Today, 21 January, I contacted Jetstar seeking a full refund and was advised that they would only refund $197 because were really unable to process a full refund for your flight since you took the first flight log transcript. This is how Jetstar Pacific treat their customers  absolute disgrace!
Flew Virgin America in August 2015 from Las Vegas to New York via San Francisco. Virgin America changed flight at Vegas. Was assured that luggage would follow. It did not. It still has not been found. Filed claim for lost luggage. Items were paid for with cash and not keep receipts. Airline unwilling to help. Customer service tried to be helpful at the beginning, but once the case was escalated they became unresponsive and unprofessional. They are the ones who are punishing me even though I did nothing wrong. I trusted they would not lose the luggage. 
  Showed up at the airport for a 8.50am flight from Naples to New York JFK only to see that it had been delayed 12 hours. They say this is due to the previous flight out of Naples having mechanical issues and leaving late. You would assume any responsible company would plan ahead at least 24 hours and route another plane or find connections for their customers. They didnt help at all or give notice when they knew the flight would be delayed. They offer no compensation for missed connections or inconvenience. They did give us a horrible meal voucher good for next to nothing. Avoid this airline at all costs.
  My flight from Denver to Paris was 5 hours delayed. They didnt tell me what was going on until hour 4, which they chalked it up to mechanical issues. It was pretty clear at hour 3 I was going to miss my next flight in Paris with easyJet, I tried to get information on my options, but the person at the gate was rude. The flight was less than great, since nothing was complimentary, do my research before I book next time. Missing my easyJet flight from Paris. On my flight back from Paris to Denver, the flight was delayed an hour. I sent in my incident report to this airline to get reimbursed for the $150 I lost, and a month later they tell me it was out of their control. 
My flights to and from N Cyprus via Antalya greatly exceeded my expectations formed from previous reviews. The Aircraft was clean and punctual the staff friendly and I even enjoyed the flight catering. all in all a good start to our holiday.
Flew out of LHR to Cologne. As the strike was due to start I asked at check in and the ticket desk to be told we have no news and if you get on this flight and the return is cancelled its your fault! Charming service. Low and behold as soon as we landed I got a text saying the return had been cancelled. Flight itself was fine swift boarding and the luxury of the happysnack. On time landing with bags off quickly so flight gets a 9 customer service a 1.
Had a flight with Skywest from Perth to Broome it was one of the best flights I have ever had. Flight attendants were excellent food services was very nice with the full tray that included very fresh food. The FAs came around with trays of drinks all the time and the nice touch was when we boarded at Broome after take off the came around with ice hand tows as it was very hot and humid at broom. What a 5 star service and I love there Fokker 100 aircraft very neat with all leather seats and the most leg room of any airline in Australia.
  Went on holiday in May, flights where changed by TUI so we ended up flying with Titan Airways. I must say they were fabulous, beautiful planes and the staff were friendly and great with my little girl who is 5 years. Would love to fly with them again.
  Auckland to Fiji via Los Angeles with Fiji Airways. Would recommend this airline. I lost my phone and the cabin crew went through the area and found it and were able to open the seat to retrieve it with engineers help. I really thank you or I would be lost in L.A.
The equipment 540 fly DHC8s and ATRs are goodquality and reliable. Unfortunately the equipment is the only thing those epithets apply to. I run a luxury camp in the Masai Mara and have been let down on countless occasions by Fly540 either not turning up at the time they request passengers to be at the airstrip or not turning up at all! On the last occasion I had a travel editor from a large US news corporation and the chairman of a nationwide tourist board travelling and we ended up waiting five hours for a service which we were then told would not be stopping at the destination my guests were going to. When I emailed 540 to advise them of their unreliability and that fact that I would henceforth be using a competitor airline and would not be recommending their services the response I received via email was ok no problem which I think speaks volumes to their attitude towards their customers.
Wamos Air flight from Madrid to Cancun was on time and with no real problems. Staff were courteous and helpful though somewhat rushed at times so you had to be attentive to ensure they didnt pass you by. They were very good about keeping the loos clean and supplied. Our screen worked but some instructions would have been really useful. Everyone seemed to be spending more time trying to find out how things worked than actually using them, so it wasnt just us old fogies. Negatives all revolved around the seat and the food. The seats We chose extra legroom seats but there was actually less legroom than normal as we faced a bulkhead  something that hadnt been clear from the picture. So, room for my tall husbands knees but absolutely no way to stretch out your legs for ten hours. The bulkhead really needs to have cutaway areas at the base. Im sure that wouldnt be difficult to design in. The seat itself was very narrow. Even I, as a relatively slim woman, felt my hips were jammed in. The food The pasta starter and the rice main course were both barely edible. Quite disgusting. However, the dessert and the snack were reasonable. We were pleased that water, tea and coffee were available in fairly copious amounts.
  On Friday 0429 I dropped my parents off at CBX for their trip to finally see their parents after this awful pandemic. Per CBX they recommend arriving 23 hours prior to your flight. So, they arrived more than 2 hours before their flight at 1255 AM. They checked their baggage, went through security and everything was running smooth until arriving to the gate on time. At their gate they were told they missed their flight. Mind you this is not just two passengers 40 passengers did not make it onto this flight. Every single Volaris employee had a different excuse as to what the issue was and answered very entitled and rude to any questions. Volaris attempted to rapidly rebook people onto other flights to anu city in Mexico, because this was a Volaris issue however, their offer was to Leave Sunday night and return Monday morning. literally just land and get on the flight back. Obviously, that was not an option so this morning we are attempting to at least get credit for another flight If not a refund. We spoke to Jasmine who passed us onto her supervisor  who hung up on us. We have not been hostile or rude to anyone and as VIP members of Volaris I cannot believe this is happening. Everyone at Volaris has been extremely rude. To top it off after being told they could not board the plane and had to return home, CBX would not allow them to return without paying for a new crossing ticket, which was already prepaid on the returning flight but did not count as a valid ticket. I need an explanation.
WindhoekCape Town Business. Good boarding perfectly on time. New A 319 with extremely comfortable Business seats 22 configuration new seats with plenty of rooms. Breakfast was good flight attendants very attentive and checking on the passengers. On time arrival. Cant get better than this flight and price was reasonable.
Do not fly with this airline! Our return flight got relocated to Pisa from Florence. There was limited to zero communication. No one seemed to know what was going on. We had to pay to be transferred to Pisa Airport via coach. We were not supplied with a meal. Once we finally boarded the plane we had to disembark to identify our bags. Awful airline. Do not use.
  We arrived at the airport 1.5 hours before check in with my husband and 2 kids, age 3 and 6. We queued for 20 minutes at a very slow check in where they informed us that out PCR tests should be in printed form and not on our phones. I said that we were not informed about that and that were on a holiday for 2 nights without printers. The lady with her little English was rude telling us that everyone else knew about this except us. She told is to go at a shop 10 meters away were we could print our tests and so we did. We got back 5 minutes after only to tell is that check in is closed and we should buy new tickets for the next flight, while she was walking away with her back on us. And so we bought new tickets for the flight 4 hours later. When checkin was open for the next flight we waited for 20 mins where they informed us that our PCR tests do not have a QR code on them and they will not accept us on the flight. We paid a private clinic to come to the hotel and do the tests and due to lack of information from both the company this happened. We managed to find our QR codes and go print them AGAIN . Communicating in English was very hard , and everyone was rude and did not seem to want to help or be u understanding. This is the worst experience I have had and I will never be back.
  Thank you to the crew of Chis, Fred, Shin Ru, Mabel, Fhri and Gui Fang. A long time since I have traveled with Singapore Airlines and they are amazing. Great service and food. Extremely comfortable seating.
 Toronto to Kingston. 115 pm departure time, all people on board door close. Then they started loading luggage. Finished loading 155pm. Sat on the plane for longer than 80 min before moving. Why board if luggage not loaded or not scheduled to load?
  My daughter and friend landed in Honduras after connection in Madrid. Their final destination  long trip in Guatemala. In Honduras the found out the friends suitcase didnt arrive. Since then, over a week, no one is assisting them in finding the suitcase which included medicine and many personal items. It ruins their trip. Dont fly with them, they dont give customer service at all.
  I purchased additional carryon option so that I can carry two bags up to 14Kg. At the checkin desk, however, I was told one of the luggage was too big and had to be checkedin with 55000 KRW pay. I protested that it should be allowed to be carried in because its almost the same dimension as my other luggage, only looking bigger because its an oldfashioned twowheeler. Of course, my protest was not accepted although the manager admitted it was on the borderline. That was first of frustration that ruined our 60th birthday trip. On arriving Sydney, then, we learned our connecting flight to Brisbane was cancelled, and we had to stay overnight in Sydney screwing our itinerary We managed to find late flight from another airline that the staff at the Jetstar refused to find themselves. Frustrating start of the trip. On the way back, I was ready to pay for checkin the problem luggage, but the staff at the checkin desk said it is allowable, so I carried in both bags! So, the same luggage, depending on who the desk staff was, was not allowed one way and allowed the other way. So, if you want to buy additional option for the carryon luggage, pray you get the right staff at the checkin desk. Otherwise, youd have to pay extra around $40 US dollar for checkin, without getting the extra checkin option payment reimbursed. I complained this to the customer service, and of course the person I chatted with said there was nothing she could do it. So, once happened, there is little to no chance to get your money reimbursed. Just beware the checkin luggage policy can be very arbitrary.
  This was overall a satisfactory experience. I was particularly pleased with COVID protocols which eliminated any contact. Boarding was not done in groups which I feel is necessary in these times. There was a ground staff member going down the line checking IDs which is commendable to ease scanning. Upon entry into the cabin there was hand sanitizer available. Crew was friendly and the trip was on par with others by Safair that I was happy with. The crew were courteous and presentable. We arrived on time.
  Delayed multiple times. Had myself, wife and 7 year old. Was delayed due to not having a crew there to fly us home. Missed work, had 5 hrs delay and Delta only offered us $50. The meals alone were more than that. Will not be flying with them again after the way they treated us. Only communication is through email. Never can get anyone on the phone. Was told next time to go to red coats for meal voucher which we did and they said they will be issued at our home airport, when we got there they knew nothing about what we were talking about. Complete lack of care for customers.
  Hawaiians location at Bradley Terminal at LAX is not good! Super long walk 20 min? to gates. There are small carts available for part of the walk. Upon return, to get to baggage claim takes even longer and is very difficult with multiple escalators. First class on LAXLIH was so bad more like a coach seat that we rerouted through HNL on return for lieflat seats. Food was terrible, but service and comfort of lieflat seats great!
  I had round trip via Frankfurt to Brittany, France. Prices for flight tickets increased drastically from 2019 to 2023. But what about quality of Lufthansas service onboard, it has gone down in comparison with the prepandemic era. Forget about quality and tasty meals and beverages for free. It is not anymore included in flight ticket prices as well as choice of it. Onboard Lufthansa staff throws you one small bottle of the cheapest water from Denmark in plastic bottle and after 10 g bar of the cheap chocolate. On my final fly from Frankfurt I got very unpleasant neigbourghood from my back seating place. Crew told that they cannot replace me due no free places.
  My husband and I were seated towards the back of the plane. Row 25 to be exact. It was a full flight. No issues there. However, during take off one of the other passengers managed to leave an open alcoholic beverage in the overhead carry on area. This alcoholic beverage found its way 2 seats back to pour onto my husband and I. I do mean poured on us!! Overhead luggage was soaked in what smelled to be whiskey and so were our clothes. Let me also add that my husband is 11 days out of Alcohol rehab! So needless to say this caused even more issues to the 3 screaming babies on board and the 4 very intoxicated passengers surrounding us. Those are things we could have handled and expected, but to be doused by alcohol during take off and to return home with our luggage soaked in it was infuriating. To add insult to injury, when we brought it to the flight attendants attention, she was attentive to drying out the over head bins with paper towels but never offered to hand us something to dry off with. I am beyond infuriated with our experience with this airline!
  Gatwick to Enfidha. We were denied check as we were 4 minutes late this morning and have now been told we will lose our package holiday. This is absurd we were late by 4 minutes only, plenty time to clear customs and board, minutes late and this is how we have been treated. Told to deal with it with your insurance company.
  Toronto to Belize, delayed by 48 minutes. The flight attendants were rude to me. We were told to get our own alcoholic beverages from the back of the plane when asking for a refill. On our second flight there was no beer on a 5hour flight. Our 4 flights with Air Canada during our vacation was delayed or rescheduled. The airline overbooks flights and then asks people to wait until the next day to fly out. 
  New York JFK to Kuwait. It was just little bit raining thats why they cancel flight. We were waiting more than 5 hours then they cancel the flight. I have to wait another 15 hours for the next flight. What should I do now since I live very far away from JFK and they didnt even offer for hotel. 
The flights were fine although there were delays. The big rip off is the price of drinks and food onboard. £7 for two cans of soft drinks. £2.50 for a bottle of water.
How come that every time I call Luxair Information for landing times or other information I first get a message asking me to hold for about 4 to 5 minutes far too long and then I get a ringing tone but nobody picks up!!! I just hung up after waiting or about 10 minutes without an answer. Looking after your calldesk would enhance the professional image of your company. I must admit that Im dreading to call you by now as I never get the information I need anyway.
  Kuala Lumpur to Mumbai on 1st December 2019, flight OD215. Once again Malindo disappointed me. Once again I flew with them and flight delayed. The only thing consistent with this terrible airline is that you will get delayted. Will never fly with them again.
  Booked a flight from Manila to Puerto Galera in October 2018. Informed days before that that flight had been cancelled due to routine maintenance. If routine then why the unexpected unavailability of the aircraft? Was given the choice of a refund or credit towards another flight, so opted for credit silly me. Rebooked for a Puerto Galera to Manila flight in March 2019 and had to pay an extra 1,000 pesos for the privilege. Days before that flight it was also cancelled for  you guessed it  routine maintenance. This time I opted for a refund and after filling out and returning the form was told it would take 25 to 30 working days to process. 40 days later, Im still waiting for my refund. After numerous emails, the response to which was always a copperplate your refund is still in process I contacted my bank for a chargeback, only to be informed that the 90 day expiry had passed already. So tough luck. Total scam.
 A complete disaster of an airline. Over 1 hour delayed flying out of Johannesburg to Luanda. The return trip was even worse with a 3 hours delay because of a broken plane. Poor communication and it just seems like a disaster waiting to happen! No inflight entertainment, no wifi! And the fleet of planes is from the 80s if no older.
PEKFNJ on old Tupolev 154. Professional if solemn crew but decent flight and lots of food.
  I arrived at airport 1.5 hours early and did not make flight because of slow workers at airport. I made it to the boarding door 60 seconds, yes 60 seconds late and they would not let me board. Man was completely rude. Again 60 seconds late because of airport workers. They gave me another flight almost 4 hours later causing me to miss an important meeting. They also did not assign me a seat and instructed me to go to new gate and speak with attendant there. SHE WAS FANTASTIC, explained everything in detail and was super nice with incredible customer service skills. She bought me back to Jet Blue. Incredible person and deserves many prompts. I actually bought her a gift card for her caring and respect of my situation.
Flew from Washington to Boston on Economy. Arrived at the airport at 5pm for check in for 6.30pm flight. After several gate changes following a series of confusing announcements in an extremely overcrowded terminal the creeping delays started half an hour at the time. After an hour we were informed plane had landed but due to congestion there were no stands available. Finally boarding was announced at around 8.30pm after which it started to rain. We were then informed there would be a further delay due to the rain. We sat on the plane for an hour then taxied to the runway and waited another hour only to be informed that the flight would now be cancelled due to the weather. It was now after 10pm. On disembarking I was fortunate to be near the front so could be attended to quickly at the customer services desk for rebooking but I later realized others were stuck in a queue for hours late into the night. I was told flatly that all flights were full and overbooked until 10pm the next day. I was told rudely to take the 10pm flight or leave it and as it was due to the weather it was not their responsibility to offer anything else in fact the weather was just one of the contributing factors for the cancellation  the plane had already been late. I had to push and push to be offered alternative options e.g. flights to a different airport or with layover etc. Eventually they found a flight via Philadelphia the next morning. I asked for more details and then agreed to be put on the flight only to be told I had taken too long to make a decision and now that flight was also full! I overheard other passengers being rebooked for other morning flights in adjoining desks so I have no idea what was going on. After much persuasion a seat miraculously became available at 11am the next day. Bizarre. I understand that delays and cancellations are not the fault of the customer service desk but they should at least be courteous understanding and helpful to passengers at a stressful time  not dismissive.
 Lufthansa flight from EWR to Munich was 10 minutes late, we were a group of 22 and we all raced panic stricken through the unfamiliar airport and customs to make this connecting flight leaving at 11.15 only to be told at the gate 11.11 that the flight had already left! The Air Dolomiti employee began issuing new boarding passes for a 2.25 flight, but seemed overwhelmed when the rest of our group caught up and sent them all to customer service which is a long way back where they had just come from. A few people got lunch vouchers, most did not, why? At least we all were able to get tickets for next flight, which was delayed twice why couldnt they have delayed our original flight? we were only minutes late We finally took off at 4.00. The situation we found ourselves in was a scary one. Anyone who has had a connecting flight knows how stressful it is when one flight lands later than anticipated. It would have saved a dangerous run through the airport if a representative had met us or a message relayed over the loud speaker for all of us to go directly to customer service to be issued new boarding passes for a later flight! Not all of us are Olympic track stars!
  Grand Cayman to Little Cayman return. This was a great experience. Flights were on time. Both pilots were friendly. Seats were small, but adequate. No cabin service, but the flights were 22 and 30 minutes. Really fun! If youre looking for a posh, first class experience, then this isnt for you. But for those looking to go off the beaten trail, youll really enjoy this.
MXPMUC on a BAe 146 Y class. Good legroom excellent catering even on such a short flight. Flight attendants not smiling but doing their job. Overall a good experience followed by a smooth and easy transit in Munich.
We flew with Thomson from Manchester to Reus Salou in October 2015. Check in was quick and smooth. Security at Manchester Airport was very busy considering it was about 4am. When I found out that it was a B757200 I was not impressed. Boarding was very unimpressive and needs to be taken care of. Aircraft was full on the way out, legroom was dreadful. Seats werent too bad, a bit uncomfortable. Staff were probably the best thing about the flights. Return flight Check in at Reus Airport was the exact opposite of Manchester while the security issue was the same. Took us about 90 mins to get through check in and security. The aircraft was slightly more comfortable and less noisy. The seat looked a bit newer and the legroom felt as if it was better.  Very quick arrival at Manchester and into arrivals within 10 minutes. They even let me have a cockpit visit at the end of our return flight. Despite all of the bad stuff I would still recommend the airline.
SZBRDNSZB. Return trip from Subang Skypark secondary airport in KL to Redang Island. ATR72500 looked in good condition could not have been very old. 50 minute flight a bottle of water and a refresher towel offered service punctual and friendly both flights on time. A small airline but felt very safe flying with them.
  I traveled through QF69 from Melbourne to Delhi on 26012023. The crew on this flight went above and beyond to make sure it is a pleasant experience for all passengers. They were caring towards elders and children specially. They always greeted us with a lovely smile and did all they can to make it a delightful experience. I have traveled previously as well but this experience was definitely 5 stars. I could not have hoped for such a fantastic experience. It is my first experience with Qantas and definitely I will always consider Qantas as my first choice. Thanks so much for getting us such a fine team. Please do keep up to support them so they can keep their best foot forward. Loved my experience this time and cant wait to to travel with Qantas again on 6th March back to Melbourne through QF70.
  I bought a round trip business class Lite ticket under the expectation that it would be QSuite. I selected my seats in Qatar Airways seat app, which showed the QSuite layout. At ATL  checkin I was told that there was an operational issue and the aircraft had changed with an old business class seat. This happened on my return from DOH to ATL leg. As for DOH to BLR and BLR to DOH, we did get a QSuite and it was as expected. 
  I was travelling from Istanbul to Bangkok with my husband after attending our wedding. When we arrived at the airport we were told that the flight had been overbooked and we were being downgraded to economy. Since the staff were aware we were travelling for a special occasion they kindly bought us a cake on the first flight ISTBAH thanks to the airport manager at IST for kindly arranging this. The second flight from ISTBKK, stopped over in Singapore but the staff at checkin and the crew on the plane didnt really have any clue about the arrangements for this  as if they had no idea it was happening. Upon arriving in BKK our final destination, our luggage did not arrive. It contained many items close to our hearts ... wedding gifts, cards written by family and friends, photos and memories that cannot be replaced. Gulf air customer service is a nightmare and they seem totally unwilling to help  I am trying to trace the baggage myself by calling the various airlines and talking to the ground services directly. I will not be flying Gulf Air again. Service is okay in Business class but could definitely be better, same goes with the lounge in BAH. Inflight entertainment is a joke  you have a choice of about 3 films. 
  London to Casablanca. It was a pleasant flight. Very quick checkin. The embarquement was in time. Excellent service on board. Enjoyed the meal and beverage. Globally very satisfied.
Hong Kong to Hiroshima return with Dragonair, both flights on an A320200. The first flight had no inflight entertainment system on board, not even a shared screen in the cabin. The cabin was old and tired, and some seats were not wellmaintained. Food was fairly acceptable but was nothing compared to Cathay Pacific. Fortunately the cabin crew were friendly and courteous, making this flight a fairly enjoyable one. The return flight was an older A320200, but with renovated cabin. The cabin was smarter and more comfortable. Flight meal was better than the first flight. Interestingly, we could use the aircraft wifi on our tablets to access the inflight entertainment system. Unfortunately, there was no guidance on how to download the Studio KA app when connected to the aircraft wifi and it turned out to be a 4.5hour flight with no inflight entertainment again. Cabin crew again mostly friendly and helpful. I was happy with my experience with Dragonair but I do not look forward to flying small aircraft eg. A320. I would prefer the A330300 in the future.
 We arrived at Cancun airport for our flight to Mexico City. Once at the gate we became aware that there was a delay to the flight. There was no information, the screen just went blank. We got told we would be departing from a different gate in a hour, this led to several gate changes and what ended up being a 5 hour delay. We were going to miss our flight back to London so we didnt get on the flight. Mexican consumer law means we are entitled to a refund as the delay was more than 4 hours, VivaAerobs acknowledge that we are owed a refund however getting that refund is impossible. They dont reply to emails, the only way I can get a response is on Twitter where they tell me the refund is being processed and will take 10 days. Ive been waiting 2 months. Avoid!
  Although I paid for checkin online, the data was not transmitted to the flight operator until this time. We were also charged 350 lei for checkin by Blue Air. Also, their operator at Cluj Napoca Airport said about the eSky company that you are that collects money from customers for services you do not do. Unprofessional conduct. Charges extra money for tickets bought from other operator. I used eSky many times before with no problem till blueair.
  Moscow to Petropavlovsk. Needing to go to Kamchatka for work, I decided to pay for business class, as I didnt fancy the 8hour flight from Moscow in economy. Nominally part of Aeroflot, Rossiya Airlines is nevertheless far from an equal to its mother company, and I was disappointed when I realised that the flight was operated by RA, as I have come to esteem Aeroflot on longhaul routes in both business and economy. Online check in was easy, and baggage drop was handled at Berlin Tegel by UTAir, who flew me the first leg. On arrival at Moscows Vnukovo airport, I went to the pretty decent Rossiya Airlines lounge where I used the wireless, had a coffee and ate some fruit before going to board. Business class passengers both of us had a small shuttle to the plane, which allowed us at least to skip the crowded main bus. The plane itself was freshly painted with a gorgeous mural of an Amur Leopards face plastered over the nose, which looked amazing. Inside, however, the cabin was quite aged, but the welcome was warm one stewardess spoke English well and I was glad that the business cabin was empty. The stewardess informed me that the entire planes entertainment system was not working, as if she was letting me know that one of the meal options was unavailable she seemed totally unbothered by this, and while of course I was prepared with my laptop and a bunch of series, this seemed really poor and I would have been furious had I be flying west and wasnt intending to sleep. A meal was served promptly after take off salmon, rice and vegetables, salad and a dessert that was of the standard youd expect on a medium quality European airlines economy section, and then I went to sleep. The business seats recline fairly well, to around 80 and were fairly comfortable, meaning I got at least 6 hours of shut eye, which was the main point of flying business. A meaty breakfast and undrinkable coffee were served over the volcanoes of Kamchatka the following morning, before touching down in Petropavlovsk. Definitely an underwhelming experience, next time I will try to ensure I fly with Aeroflot proper rather than one of its subsidiaries, but overall I got what I paid for.
  This was me and my wife traveled with Virgin Australia. We spent $760 on tickets and took us 6 hours to Perth and no one ask us for a glass of water. We have to call a staff for a glass of water and one of the rudest staff Ive ever seen. I dont recommend this airline to anyone.  Wifi signs are displayed but there was no network. You can imagine sitting for 6 hours no water how hard it will be. Will never ever using this airline in my life.
  I was booked on a flight from Trat to Bangkok during October 2020. A tropical storm was passing through Trat and meant that there was severe rain and low visibility throughout the day. Unsurprisingly, the captain of the inbound from Bangkok decided to go around and after holding for a bit flew back to Bangkok. Initially I did not ask the ground crew for any information as I was tracking the flight and storm online. They initially announced the delay as we will inform you the new time later and it became obvious after a while that the delay would be quite a while. They seemed to have multiple contingencies in place even with the COVID situation, and another plane with another set of crew was sent to Trat, as the previous crew and aircraft exceeded their legal allowed flying time. During the wait, the ground staff were on hand to help passengers and in general handled the situation like it was an everyday thing to them. It really helped the passengers feel relaxed and not stressed. They even offered to try to rebook passengers who were connecting on other airlines, which is clearly going above and beyond their responsibilities. I had a guide to what delayed passengers were entitled to, and a 2 hour plus delay meant a meal would be provided. They did get us a hot lunch box delivered as there isnt a restaurant on site. In the end, the weather cleared up, and the replacement aircraft landed and the ground crews worked to turn around the aircraft and literally as the last passenger boarded the doors closed and we were off, pushing back 3 hours and 10 minutes later than our scheduled departure time. Service onboard was done as a snack box, which contained packet nuts, a savoury chicken pastry and a bottle of water. It wasnt too much to write home about but it sets Bangkok Airways apart from their lowcost competition. The crew were very hardworking although I think they seemed a bit robotic today, but in general Bangkok Airways crew and staff are very casual and friendly yet hardworking people. Baggage arrived very quickly in Suvarnabhumi airport, which seems to become more consistent as they have upgraded their systems. I think that the way an airline is appropriately judged is how they handle a crisis, and in this case they put the safety of passengers first and foremost, yet still handled the situation extremely well. I think this is a textbook example of how to handle a flight delay and I applaud Bangkok Airways for making our day as stressfree as it couldve possibly been. If only other airlines handled delays this well.
2 flights Batam to KL and Penang to Phuket. Both good value on time and planes new and tidy. Efficient checkin and booking.
  Santa Cruz to La Paz. I forgot my Bose headphones in the plane and contacted the airline already 4 times via their customer services e mail address! I didnt get any response! I am very angry and will never use this airline, I know that it was my fault but not getting any response isnt a good service in 2017. 
  Unprofessional Service. Almost 3 months ago I booked two tickets through eSky agency. Suddenly, a week prior to departure the flight was changed advanced by a week so I opted for cancellation and rebooking not to miss an attending conference. eSky promised to follow up with the airline for full reimbursement or voucher refund. Yet, every time I contact the agency they blame the airline for delay without any professional feedback from any of both sides. Not recommended, neither eSky nor Cyprus airways!
PERDRWKNXPER. All flights were fantastic heaps of legroom and complimentary meals with tea coffee or juice. Soft drink and beer available for a small charge. Complimentary newspapers on all seats too. The F100s seem to be aging a bit. Not bad at all for a local airline reminded of Ansett service.
  Manila to New York via SeoulIncheon. The aircraft was in excellent condition. The cabin was clean and smelling good and seats had ample leg room. IFE was okay but has limited selection. Food was above average but could taste better. Cabin crew are kind and warm but couldve been more attentive to needs, as there was a point they stop delivering drinks you know how it gets too dry in the throat during longhaul flights. My biggest concern with my flight was the absence of footrest in economy seats and perhaps the biggest factor why Ill rather fly Asiana in my next trip.
  This is by far the worst airline I have ever used and it is not even close. I have flown this airline for about two years solely because it gets me to where I need to go without a layover. However, I have recently decided that I would rather have a layover than fly with this airline. Not one of my flights over the years has ever been on time or even close to on time. None of the staff ever knows what is happening and are basically completely useless. The app is God awful. They constantly have problems updating delays, and sometimes even say your flight has been moved up when it has in fact been delayed further. The communication has become increasingly poor, and they no longer send any texts or emails to indicate delays or cancellations. You know and airline sucks when they start having to refund you in airline points instead of money. Do not fly this airline.
  On April 17, 2023, I was scheduled on a jetblue flight from Fort Lauderdale to Hartford. About an hour before the approximately 700 flight, they announced a delay. They updated it with a further delay until 1010. Around 930 they announced the flight was cancelled. Of course, everyone rushed to the jetblue ticket counter. It was chaos. They began announcing and continued to repeat the announcement that they could not get anyone on a flight to the northeast until Friday this was Monday. They repeatedly announced that if you wanted to reschedule not before Friday, you should wait in line at the ticket counter. If you wanted a REFUND, dont wait in line and call jetblue. I chose the latter. A few days later, I phoned jetblue. The agent said there would be no refund, but as a courtesy he would give me a travel credit. I recently checked the travel credits and its not there. I contacted jetblue. The agent said she has no record of the credit and, anyway, there is no credit for flights canceled due to weather. So, the agents making the announcement at the FLL airport were lying when they said we could get a refund. The agent who said he would give me a travel credit lied too. 
 I flew in on Christmas day and paid extra for my bags and an additional fee for overweight luggage. First we were delayed over 4 hours! When I got to Kingston only 2 of my 5 bags arrived with no apology or explanation. 7 days later and still no luggage or response from Swoop. As I write this, my luggage is still lost presumably in Toronto. The multiple numbers that I have called have been unresponsive as they are automated numbers. The customer service representative in Kingston is very nonchalant about the hundreds of bags left in Toronto her words, not mine. Her attitude is disrespectful and she has no true understanding of customer service. I am so disheartened by this experience.
  Awful company! Avoid at all costs! The Airline lost my luggage in Brisbane  are not responding or processing my claim for compensation they will find ways to delay the process as much as possible I imagine in the hope people will give up! They pass you from one department to another without getting any real response, the crew at the airport are understaffed and over worked advising they would call me back each time they did not I had to make numerous trips back to the airport at my expense to just speak to someone as they will not answer the phones. I have never experienced such poor customer service. Virgin Australia should be ashamed of themselves
 I enjoy flying with this airline and would choose them when I can. Inflight crew kind and friendly. Plane clean, new, well taken care of. Food not bad. Entertainment they could use an expansion of the latest releases.
  We were supposed to fly on 29th December. Due to a cyclone in Mauritius, the flight was first delayed, then eventually cancelled. Air Mauritius did inform us the first time, but the second time, everyone had already arrived at the airport. We were standing in line when we got notified that the flight was delayed, and then cancelled. Then we were informed at 1 am that the flight is scheduled for the 31st December at midday. We finally went through the boarding gates, took a bus to the aeroplane, and there we were  all standing on the runway outside the aeroplane, waiting to board. We were outside for probably 30 minutes, then sat in the plain for another 40 minutes, without any communication about what is going on. When we finally took off, the captain apologised for the delay, but with no reason as to why. We had to ask the air hostesses every time if we needed something to drink and then they looked at us as if we were asking for something that was not allowed. They were unfriendly to us and not hospitable. When the food arrived, they ran out of the chicken option and only had fish left. My husbands fish was undercooked. When we arrived in Mauritius, we were once again stranded on the runway, without any busses, staff to communicate with or any means of getting into the airport. We were standing around for some time until we finally got picked up by one bus. We waited for more than an hour to get our luggage. On the flight back, although we were delayed by an hour, the service was a lot better. Drinks were offered all the time and the staff was friendly. Very inconsistent service. Air Mauritius did not contact us at all about the delay, asking if we would like to extend our stay or offer any discounts because we have now arrived almost 3 days later and missed out on the short time that we had on the island. Car hire was and accommodation was affected. I understand that this was an act of God, but its all about customer service.
  Thank you Airlink for the amazing service and comfortable flight. Staff are super friendly. This is my first time flying with Airlink and ii recommend that everyone flying should use Airlink!
  Kigali to London. Comfortable, quiet cabin with loads of room and a long lieflat bed. Crew were kind, attentive and friendly throughout flight. Easily the best way to get to Rwanda from UK. What a refreshing change to see smiles and laughter in the galley! I recommend for a genuine and lovely Rwandan welcome.
PerthAyers RockCairns return. B717. I am a bigger person and found that the seats were more than adequate with plenty of leg room. Aircraft very clean and in good condition. Cabin crew excellent on both trips food was light snacks to Cairns and light snacks and a light meal on return which was adequate. Only negative was the lack of in flight entertainment on a flight of approx. 5 12 hours in the air.
  Lisbon to Toronto via Ponta Delgada. There is absolutely no explanation for why people fly with SATA Azores Airlines, there is no entertainment on board, not even the old ones  they have the screens in every chair, however there is no actual program running on them. The food is a complete disaster, sandwiches are freezing cold! I have made a stopover in Ponta Delgada on my way to Toronto, where people is obliged to stay in two rooms where there is only one place that sells food or water while they wait for their flight. If you ask to go to the rest of the airport, that is just around the glass wall, where the restaurants and space that can actually support 600 persons stoped on these 2 rooms, no one will let you! There is no seats available half the people they obligate to stay in this rooms.
  Bangkok to Pakse return via Savannakhet. Very nice little airline, friendly crew, standard seats, decent snack for such short flights. All flights were on time, boarding was fast and efficient. Particularly good magazine with uptodate and relevant information for such a small airline. Good prices as well.
MXPDJE return. Airbus 320 were pretty old. The seat pitch was OK. The staff was efficient and friendly. Lunch wasnt very good  breakfast was good. Both flights were on time.
  The flight itself FCO  SFO and service was not bad but dealing with them about my 3 lost checkedin luggage has been a nightmare. It has now been 12 days since our luggage has been lost and our communication with them has been nonexistent. Upon arrival, they did not have an agent to deal with lost luggage. We were provided an email to contact by their contracted luggage service with no luck. After multiple emails 6 to be exact to the airline and the contractor, we stopped by the airport again to file a report at the counter lucky there was someone there. So far, all email addresses that have been provided on the airlines website have been nonresponsive. Their customer service number is answered in Albania and they will reroute you to the email addresses on their website. There are no supervisors available to talk to. I have filed a complaint with US DOT and Channel 7 News 7 on your side and they have been very helpful. Again, if you dont check bags in, not a bad airline, otherwise, Id stay away from them.
  Think twice before you book a ticket with Viva Air. I booked 3 tickets from Cusco to Lime for our tour in Peru. Viva Air first changes our flight times  but we could manage these times so we accept them. However, a few weeks later, Viva Air cancels our flight that day. We had to fly that day though, because our return flight to Europe was the following day. Although I requested refund from Viva Air via email it was not possible through their website, it took 3 weeks before they replied, and they constantly told me that they will give me a voucher, valid until November 2020. I told them on every occasion that I am not in Peru and cannot do anything with the voucher, they insisted that they will send me a voucher they even stated that I requested a voucher via their website  which I definitely did not  and they did send me a voucher. I have now roughly sent 75 emails to Viva Air, but they still refuse to refund the money. I was in contact with the local authorities, but in order to start a case against Viva Air, I have to present myself in person with all documents ... Peruvian bureaucratie ... I still did not get any indication that Viva Air will refund my 200 US Dollar, so I would recommend passengers to book tickets at LATAM instead of Viva Air. 
  Today is 22 Sep 19 and I have been attempting to trace my lost luggage from RJ264 Chicago to Amman dated 8 Aug 19. My ticket was purchased through American Airlines as a OneWorld codeshare. American confirmed scanning the bag delivered to RJ264 before departure. After waiting at AMM baggage claim for the 1st 45 minutes after arrival, a baggage clerk confirmed that it was back there but still processing through security. At 1 hour after arrival, the same baggage clerk said that now he could no longer find it back there anywhere. How could my bag have disappeared while processing through security and never be delivered to the baggage carousel? After filing my lost luggage claim at the AMM airport along with several other 1st class pax, I have had had no response and no contact from Royal Jordanian airlines. I have attempted to call every phone number I can find listed for customer service and they are all just looped recordings that keep transferring to another message. In the last 6 weeks I have sent more than 12 emails through your WorldTracer system that they have failed to respond to. I have sent 7 emails now to your Royal Jordanian Head Office that have not been answered. Are they just assuming that if they ignore me long enough I will go away? 
  Nice to Luxembourg. I have been flying with Luxair for over a year, almost every week end. Overall, I find the qualityprice ratio  very poor low cost service at premium price. The staff is quite unfriendly and inflexible. I have now found alternative carriers and stopped using Luxair. I dont recommend Luxair.
  Such a lousy airline. They keep changing their departure timings so often that one would forget the real departure time. If possible stay away from this airline. They have delayed the flight timing by 5 hours and they have changed the departure timing thrice.
 Never again. As simple as that. Worst web checkin environment, worst delays, worst attitude. Whats the point of a timetable, if its systematically late.
  No alcohol served to prevent spread of COVID. Yet duty free sales and gifts were fine. Items being given, credit cards and credit machines handled along with receipts. Poor reducing customer service using COVID as an excuse.
  I have flown with RAM in the past and did not have the greatest experience in that the aircraft seemed old.  All I can say is , wow they have really improved. The airplane was brand new and quite comfortable. The flight attendants were very attentive and kind. The food was very good and every 2 hours they were bringing personal bottles of water. I would say if you had a bad experience in the past, definitely give them another try and you will be pleasantly surprised.
  Kuwait to Beirut. I booked for Jazeera Airways and reached the airport 230 hrs prior to departure there was a lot of rush in the airport and when my turn reached to check in 40 minutes prior to departure the counter was closed for me and 2 other passengers and not allowing us to check in or at least for me get my bags dropped only as I checked in online. Tried hard for getting into the plane but no luck, when returning back to home they started calling my name to go to the counter and board the plane again went to there but nobody was there and paid more than the ticket price to fly with another carrier.  I was not refunded a single penny of the 122 KWD 400 USD. BTW they say a light meal or a snack is included on the plane didnt got even a cup of water unless I paid for it. 
 Rude staff. Worst service I have booked 4 flights for July, all were cancelled. Now we have to fly via Manila. I travelled with my sister and we placed our hand carry together in one cabin size luggage that weights 10kgs and they did not allow that even though we dont even have extra personal bags only 1 cabin luggage for the two of us that didnt even exceed 14kg as we are allowed to have 7kg each. They still asked us to separate it and carry 5kg each. How stupid.
  Bangkok to Phuket. Flight was 25min late and changed time of my flight still through thai lion had to pay for my bag twice even though was still through same airline. 2 flights one from Chiang mai to Bangkok then Bangkok to Phuket both same airline. I checked in online 24hrs before and paid for baggage but when I arrived to check, they told me it wasnt paid for. The lady in Chiang Mai was able to find my reservation for checked bag but when I had to go to baggage claim go through airport again to go through same airline made no sense they couldnt find my reservation for my bag so I spent 30min dealing with that and still had to pay again. Horrible experience.
  We were traveling as a family 5 people. Because of an accident by the airport, we arrived at the airport only 1 hour before the flight. The kiosk was unable to read one of our passports and we had to go to checkin. The lady at the checkin checked the passport and gave us a boarding pass. Because we had no extra time, we headed straight to security and didnt realize the lady gave us a duplicated boarding pass not of the passport holder. We got stuck in security because of that, couldnt figure out what was wrong. We only didnt miss the flight because we ran through the airport with a 70 year old and a 9 year old included in the party. The staff at the gate was very cordial and helpful once we arrived there.
  Istanbul to Tehran. They lost our suitcase with all our belongings. For follow up they refered us to another interim section. Their excuse was It happens everywhere even with famous airlines. It was really waste of time and money and a bad experience for us. I will never use this airline again.
  Kuwait to Bahrain. Was a short flight of 50 minutes. Departed on time. Snacks and beverages served though it was low standard. Overall everything was in order, nothing to appreciate or to criticise.
 Travelled to Banglore from Hyderabad in AirAsia. It was my first experience with them. It was a nice experience and the staff were kind and gentle. The main problem we faced was the price of food and drink. What were those prices? Those amounts were too much to be paid. We paid good amount for the travel, then why do you charge so high for food? The rest of the facilities were great.
  Due to coronavirus flight got cancelled. Understandable. Flight tickets would be reimbursed. Understandable. Two months further still nothing refunded, chased them for weeks now they responded when the travel ban is lifted 2 months after you will receive the refund. 
  This is the fourth time I am travelling from this airline, and it delayed always. Worst flight as per the punctuality. Never get on time and always the seat is not comfortable
  Singapore to Bangkok. Jetstar offers tickets that are priced competitively. I have had no issues with Jetstar thus far. Ground staff, as well as the cabin crew have been respectful and helpful throughout the entire trip.
 On the way to Vienna my carry on which always fits in overhead bin was found too heavy and checked in free of charge at the gate. On the way back I got airlines email saying they would check it in free of charge at counter 358. At that counter they forced me to pay 70 euro which I wouldnt have paid if I didnt get that email and went straight to gate. Random security check is an obvious lie as the security person asked questions to which I didnt want to give extensive answers and wasnt particularly nice either.
  Before COVID, Cathay Pacific used to be my favourite airline so I was so looking forward to flying with them again as they are known to now be trying to get back to normal. However, while the cabin crews and flight crews did a fabulous job, the food was simply awful. In fact, I would go so far as to say its the worst airline food I have ever had in my 40 years of flying, both short and long haul. Otherwise, to be fair, flights were punctual and inflight entertainment very good. However, sorry Cathay, but I could not face such awful food again and am forced to switch to Japan Airlines, Singapore Airlines, or Emirates from Australia to Europe.
 Flew London to Sydney via Colombo. There is a long wait in Colombo however SriLankan put me up in a pretty decent hotel right on the beach to wait out my 12 hours. If you want a hotel, you have to book it through reservations and once its done its a pretty straight forward process when you arrive in Colombo. So far as the flights. A330300 has the herringbone layout with lay flat beds which were quite comfortable and I managed a good sleep on both legs. Inflight service wasnt outstanding, was a bit hit and miss but was ok. IFE wasnt outstanding but had a reasonable selection of movies and tv shows sufficient for the journey. Overall, although not high frills, if you want a comfortable, cost effective journey in a pretty reasonable business class give Sri Lankan a go  I will fly with them again.
Flew on Atlantic Airways from Copenhagen to Vagar and return on economy on a BAe 146. A safe and smooth flight considering the north atlantic winds! Crew friendly and efficient and nice leather seats with an acceptable leg space. Would definately recommend this airline and would fly them again.
LEDAMS. Echecking doesnt exist so 40minute line at airport. Onboard almost no room between seats very claustrophobic. FAs are average with no charisma. Flights on time. Hot breakfast is probably the only plus of this airline.
Our flight was with Level, which I believe is a partner of Iberia. We had a terrible experience and I do not recommend that anyone book flights with either of these airlines. They lost our luggage for 3 days. We arrived in Barcelona on Friday afternoon. We called the airline multiple times that weekend but they kept saying that our luggage was being searched for and couldnt even tell us if the luggage had made it to Spain or was still in LA. I received a text late Sundayearly Monday that it would arrive that day sometime between 9 AM4 PM. However, we were checking out of our AirBnB that morning and taking the train to Madrid that evening. We also wanted to spend our time exploring Barcelona instead of waiting all day for the luggage to arrive. I spoke to an airline staff and they agreed to deliver our luggage to our next AirBnB in Madrid. A few hours later, my cousin gets a call from another staff member who tells us that our luggage has been delivered to the AirBnB that we checked out of an hour or so ago, which is contradictory to the instructions Id provided to the other staff member that morning talk about lack of internal communication!. Fortunately, we were only a 10 minute drive away from the AirBnB. We tell the staff member we can be there in 1015 minutes, and she gives us attitude about it and says that they cannot wait, especially when they had given us a delivery timeframe of 9 AM 4 PM. We told her that they had lost our luggage for 3 days and caused us to waste time and money buying clothes and underwear  the bare minimum they can do now is wait 10 minutes for us to get back to the AirBnB. Fortunately, it worked out at that point and we were able to get the luggage. However, the customer service of Iberia and Level airlines is terrible and infuriating. The staff are completely indifferent and apathetic and do not care at all about clients. Save yourself a headache by avoiding them at all costs!
  My partner and I requested wheelchair and assistance. He has his own electric wheelchair. I have been in front of the business class counter where we asked if they had a priority line and solicited the wheelchair and asked where to go. We got a few contradictory answers and many employees nasty looks and, after sitting on the luggage and floor por 40 minutes, because the request of a young couple that felt bad about my situation, the left a wheelchair at my side and no assistance. I am afraid of losing the flight and am still being ignored after about an hour and 15 min.  This company doesnt have the most basic respect for the passengers! Economy class passengers are human beings too. I try to avoid wheelchairs but airports and the long walking distances with all the luggage are a challenge. They do not even start to check in economy before all business passengers are gone. They dont even pretend to care! I dont know if I am going to a developed country anymore. The introduction is not good. When I finally got assistance, the lady helping me was extremely nice Mariluz. Value for money  a waste of money Ground service below horrifying.
  Miami to Paramaribo. I travel quite frequently and this airline needs to do something about their friendliness. The flight attendants always seem grumpy, they lack the ability to communicate with passengers in a friendly manner. Most of them should know me by now since I travel quite a lot but I never felt welcome on this flight.
NAPRMF round trip in August. It was a charter flight and everything went well with exception of long checkin queue before the return flight but the Marsa Alam Airport is small. FA present during the flight meals served and eatable double drink and coffee or tea. Legroom was enough for a charter flight for a 3 hour trip. A stupid guy smoked in the lavatory during the outbound flight and FA upon being called reacted quickly to enforce the safety rules. Think the fleet age is not the best possible. I cant rate safety standards or maintenance quality.
  The service was great and the food was good.  The seats are not comfortable and for business class and the money you pay this is not acceptable. We couldnt sleep because of it. The bags were not routed to the the plane going to Cebu. We had to go to baggage claim, get our bags, go through security again, check our bags in again. Awful!! The layovers are the really bad part. When we booked the flight they said 2 hour layover. The day we were leaving they said it had been changed to 3.5 hours  then when we checked in they said 6 hours, then at Manila airport it got bumped to 9 hours!! All with no explanation  our appointments in Cebu were toast. I called to have them change to Cathay, who weve flown and never had a problem and they said because we booked thru American Express we cannot change airlines. They later said that because the flight was in progress waiting in Manila they wont change anything. This airline used to be good but is now the worst airline ever!
 London to Santiago via Madrid. We flew with LATAM from London to Chile and back and also took several flights within Chile. On the plus side the crew were all friendly and efficient. Like many airlines the food and drink service is minimal now so it feels like a low cost airline. The ticketing, website and associated online services are a shambles and the whole system needs a thorough upgrade. We werent able to check in online for any of our 9 flights despite the system recognising the booking reference and our name. It just kept generating spurious and meaningless error messages and suggesting we try again later. Not good at all.
  DenpasarBali to Perth, Boeing 737800 aircraft. Same aircraft type when we left PER which prior to departure we had read online customer reviews saying Garuda had replaced the larger aircraft with the smaller B737800, with 33 seating configuration. We were hoping this may have changed by the time our holidays commenced, however, that was not the case! We found the seat width to be inadequate especially when myself and other two passengers have broad shoulders. Very tight squeeze for the 3.hrs 25 mins to DPS. On return flight, air conditioning was not working so not only was it a tight squeeze home but very uncomfortable with the heat, many people complaining but nothing was done. Drinks and food was served with delay adding to the frustration that the cabin getting warmer, people getting hot. Ok food selection for flight out of PER but disappointing on the return leg. Options were chicken or fish, by the time it reached row 19 the chicken had been depleted, the air hostess saying they only stock 20 chicken and the rest fish. I expect more comfortable seating and better service to match what they claim to be a 5star airline. Please consider going with another airline as Garuda has dropped their game!
 Manchester to Hurghada. The aircraft used for this 5hr flight is in my opinion unsuitable. The seats dont recline and are quiet hard, no entertainment system or charging ports and its not like the lack of amenities are hugely reflected in the ticket price but the flight crew were very friendly and professional so not all bad.
Our flight Toulon  London was cancelled on 29th July. We were made to wait for 4.5hrs before we were told that there would be no help from Cityjet and we had to find our own way back to London. This had to be done the next day as there were no flights from Toulon and not enough time to catch a flight from Marseille or Nice. Had we been told right away we could have found alternatives. Apparently there was a technical problem on the aircraft and as such Cityjet is not liable for any costs even the initial costs we were told. The flight was only half full. This is the worse customer service that I have experienced.
This Air Mauritius flight was awful. There is very limited leg room due to a metal box taking up most of the available leg room beneath the seat in front.  Impossible to get remotely comfortable on the flight. No sleep was had due to very uncomfortable seats and constant cabin announcements. Badly designed and old plane. Inflight entertainment system poor. Service poor. Food awful. What a shame as we love Mauritius but with no option but to fly from Perth via Air Mauritius, we will not be returning until they have upgraded aircraft. Or perhaps there is another direct carrier.
Shenzhen  Chongqing and Shenzhen  Wuhan with Shenzhen Airlines. The first leg to on an A320 the other two legs on 737800s. Aircraft in a good condition. Hot meals served. On all longer routes Shenzhen Airlines also provide mints shortly before landing which helps to overcome the uncomfortable feeling in the ears. In my experience Shenzhen Airlines provides a better level of service than any other Chinese carriers.
HKGICN. This is a Korean low cost carrier. Low cost in the Asian sense you still get a meal box and numbered seating. I used them having got stuck in Hong Kong after a problem with my Cathay ticket. The station manager at Hong Kong was very helpful. The flight was a third full and the service friendly and efficient. Ontime arrival made all the difference. I would definitely recommend.
  Edinburgh to Zurich.This airline managed to break two of my hard shell Samsonite bags! I have the best luggage Rimowa and Samsonite and this airline managed to break two checked in bags on two different flights! They have not been helpful in repairing the bags. They say I have to repair them and send them the bill but offer no place to do the repairs. They are not responding to emails and are extremely rude to deal with. My husband and I have not been able to get any response or help in repairing or replacing these bags and despite the fact that they are the only airline with direct flights from Zurich to Edinburgh we would never fly them again and would stick to British aAirways.
  The cabin crew were very courteous and knowledgeable about the safety features and when they finished praised passengers for taking note of the explanation. The staff who made the presentation spoke impeccable English! They handed out a nice snack, which on previous flights during Covid we didnt receive.
  Excellent service. I flew Dubai BHam Dubai in economy class. Emirates has common counters where you can check in your luggage. Initially, I was skeptical particularly on the DXBBHX route but Emirates made no mistakes. This is quite convenient as you can check in quickly and go to the lounge. The flight departed on time, the crew had a smile and were quite professional. Food was sufficient in quantity and quite good with metal cutlery in economy class. There was another snack service followed by juiceshot drinks 1.5 hours before landing. The seating is quite good and has a seat pitch of 32. B777s in use by Emirates are getting old and you can see the signs. Their ICE system was excellent. I am not sure I would like the Business class seats here as they werent lieflat but I was flying economy. Families with kids were well taken care of with flight attendants distributing amenities and offering to take and share instant pictures using Polaroid cameras. The inflight wifi was free for text messaging using WhatsApp, even in economy if you have Skywards membership. My only complaint during the trip is that the plane was parked far off and required considerable walking at Terminal 3 in Dubai to reach immigration which was a breeze. Overall, it was a great experience but flights are quite expensive compared to the competition.
  Line for checkin in Gatwick was insane. Arrived early yet the line still took over 1.5 hours. Completely unacceptable. Manager said she was managing the lines. I completely disagree. They need to hire more checkin people. Upon landing the crew got their bags and disappeared. Over half the plane had to wait another 30 minutes to get their bags before heading to a very long customs line. They need to manage the offloading of luggage to provide to customers in a timely manner.
  The airline is not reliable. They cancelled our flights and offered a flight one day later with arrival time late afternoon. We had to be in Edinburgh at lunch time and therefore had to book a flight one day earlier. We had to stay one more night and they were not willing to pay for the extra hotel costs Motel One which is not an expensive hotel at all. Whenever I can fly another airline I will avoid KLM!
  Me and my husband had a horrible experience flying Air Seychelles from Mauritius to Mumbai via Mahe. Particularly poor was the flight from Mahe to Mumbai. At Mahe airport when we asked for a seat selection, we were rudely turned down. We could see other people standing behind us get the front seats. This was unfair and uncalled for. To top it off on the 4.5 hour flight from Mahe to Mumbai we were not even given blankets. When we asked about the blankets, the cabin crew told us that they had limited supply. Complaints to management fell on deaf years. All they offered were 5000 measly miles which could be cashed in on our next flight with Air Seychelles. Avoid if you can.
Flew from AMS to Aruba still have to make the return flight Monday not looking forward to this at all  although at least we have comfort class for the return flightRow 27. Arrived at Schipol early to avoid traffic delays etc could not check bags in despite already having checked in online once at boarding gate no system no control just a big mess. On the plane we had the last row of seats these hardly reclined at all with little room in front this was no fun for 10 hours. Paid online in advance for entertainment yet had to wait for more than an hour for it to be turned on due to our last row seat  choice of films not good at all. Crew very overworked and did not care at all. Gangway between seats so narrow that if you sat in aisle seat you had constant knocks from crew or passengers walking up and down. No mention that flight would stop in Curacel then got turfed off the plane had to go through customs then queue again to get back onfree seating for this last part of the flight also. Storage was poor on lockers had one of bags placed at the other end of the plane and due to narrow aisle was very hard to get to as the aisle blocked by staff So for the return lest hope Comfort class and row 21 proves better? Thinking of upgrade to Premium Comfort but not sure it is worth it?
  Bangkok to Yangon. Be on time! They fly on schedule, clocklike! Good app for online checkin. Prompt and speed baggage drop. Very clean airplane. Friendly staff, good service. Hot meal on this one hour flight.
  This was my worst experience since travelling. On my arrival in Trinidad, instead of collecting both pieces of luggage for me and my husband, we only received one. We filled out a PIR form. We were first told the next day Wednesday another flight will bring it. The next day I called and they said the flight is coming in at 4pm. When I called again, they said 6pm instead. I called again, and they said 1pm the next day Thursday. I called again and they said 1pm on Fri. They also confirmed that Curacao said they have the luggage. When I called at 215pm on Friday, they said the flight is coming in at 11pm. An agent called my husband and told him Curacao said they do not have the luggage. I call soon after and another agent said he has to resend the email to Curacao, that they got no response from Curacao, but the flight is coming in at 11pm and hopefully our luggage will be in it. They will call us. Well I am waiting to hear what other story they are concocting next. Please avoid this airline like the plague. If you want stress you can travel with them. 
  The flight attendants were all nice and even though I hadnt ordered vegetarian food in advance, its what I ended up getting anyway. The food was good and after the long flight from Los Angeles to Warsaw, I took a much smaller plane from Warsaw to Paris. Even though this flight was only a couple of hours, they gave us snacks and drinks. And again, they were super nice and the service was great. My only complaints are that the seats were a bit hard so bringing a cushion or using an extra blanket would help and on the long flight, I couldnt charge my phone with the outlet on the seat. But these things were minor and Id definitely go with them again.
  The staff was wonderful. My luggage was lost on my return flight but arrived at my home in Pennsylvania. I received a call from Copenhagen. Everyone was so nice. The US staff was terrible in Baltimore when I arrived. Such a disappointment but nothing to do with Icelandair. My only complaint is that there was not enough air on the plane. The sun was on my side of the plane and heat was radiating thru the blind. I could not lay my head against the window because it was so hot.  I am Closer to Harrisburg airport but chose to drive over an hour to Baltimore just so I could fly Icelandair! I will do it again!
  Manila to El Nido. AirSWIFT is a Philippine boutique airline offering daily roundtrip flights from Manila to El Nido. And this is the only way to go to El Nido. If you book any property of the El Nido Resorts, you would get a discount on its flight. And there is also a VIP lounge for guests of El Nido Resorts in the airport. They fly AT4, a very old plane. Do not expect to have much service in this short one hour ride. Of course also no any entertainment. But the crews and ground staff are friendly.
DUSPRG. Best value for your $$ when it comes to short haul flights. Short wait at check in staff at deskflight crew were friendly helpful and outgoing seats had surprisingly more room than I expected and luggage was on the carousel quickly.
  On return flight they lost our luggage. Dealing with the customer service is almost impossible, they say they will have someone call you back and they dont. Spent hours over the last week on hold and no help. Received a call from another airline saying they have my luggage and they cant get in touch with Sun Country. Ive called and almost had to beg them to take the contact info that the other airline gave me. Terrible customer service, they just dont care. Still dont have my luggage. Wont ever fly Sun Country again!
 Stockholm to Palma. Avoid this joke of an airline at all costs. They go on strike way to often. When they do, you are bounced back and forth to different support lines where you have to spend hours to get through. If you have the patience there is no help whatsoever.
  This is the worst airline I have ever experienced. We spent an extra 60$ to get better seats at check in and we ended up missing our connecting flight and they gave us awful  seats even though we paid to get good seats! The staff was super rude. Not to mention we missed our flight because they didnt get us there in time. Our returning flight was delayed for nine hours. There were other returning flights that were earlier but they didnt put us on any of them. We bought these tickets five months ago. Will never fly this airline again.
I fly Yemenia every six months on the route RiyadhSanaa via Aden and back to Riyadh. They have reasonably new clean aircraft with good legroom and the food is no better or worse than what you are served on short distance economy class journeys on other airlines. Punctuality has been good except once and Yemenis are generally welcoming people which also applies to my experience with Yemenia bookingoffice staff in Sanaa. However I agree that most airlines in this region offer lower standards of aircraft and service on typical expat flights to Asia and flights with large numbers of deportees from Saudi Arabia can be a mixed experience. Generally I am satisfied with Yemenia and will use them on future flights to Sanaa.
I have never experienced such poor service, disdain and discourtesy from any industry. I travelled to St. Vincent in June 2016, My return flight which was carded the 19th June 2016 was cancelled and I was only informed of that when I went to check in on that date. The discourteous and disrespectful staff member walked to the Lobby and simply said that the flight was cancelled and LIAT was not responsible for our accommodation and transportation. I managed to get a return flight the next morning. LIAT you have messed up my daughters wedding plans as I cannot be there. After an hour and a half delay, my flight on the 11th November 2016, was cancelled at approximately 10.45 pm.  I think because LIAT have the monopoly on this route, they are taking advantage of your passengers. They have no problems accepting my money, at least deliver a good service. My experience with the Trinidad staff has been very courtesy, but some of the St. Vincent staff, their attitude leaves much to be desired. I hope that when the new airport opens in St. Vincent, that the competition LIAT get is more than enough to give a good wake up call. I am disgusted with the service of LIAT.
  Melbourne to Sydney. Travelling home to Coffs Harbour after a family wedding Tiger cancelled our flight due to an apparent Lightning strike. Refund was offered but we were out of pocket $1500.00 due to having to purchase last minute flights to get home. No recovery flight was offered. Pay the extra money at least you will get another flight either the same day or next day. Will never travel with Tiger again. We have learnt our lesson.
Amritsar  Ashgabat on a 737300 returning on a 757 and 3 internal flights on 717s. Each flight ontime and aircraft were clean. Food on the international flights was Indian vegetarian both ways  very good out of Amritsar quite acceptable coming the other way. Complimentary soft drink and snacksbeer for sale on domestic flights. Departure tax from Ashgabat included in ticket price  apparently this is not the case with other airlines. One or two quirky things  there were no sick bags on any of the flights and safety cards only on the International ones. My complaint is with the International baggage people at Ashgabat who extracted money from me in both directions  on arrival for retrieving my bag from the carousel it was the only one and on departure because the combined weight of checkedin and cabin baggage exceeded 20Kg.
  The cabin crew was very friendly and helpful. Also at the checkin everything went smoothly. The complimentary snack served was a very small slice of pizza, a sesame cookie and a drink. The seats were too small for me. I am 1.92 m, 84 kg, and for me it was very uncomfortable.
GlasgowDalaman return. Having not flown Onur for many years they have improved. Planes seemed new and legroom excellent  staff at Dalaman offered us extra legroom seats without asking. Didnt buy any food or drinks on the plane as had been advised that it was expensive although no different to Ryanair or Easyjet. Slightly disappointing to have no communication from Captain but cabin crew relaying messages and coming through cabin collecting rubbish. Returning cabin crew less attentive and in general a bit more dour.
  I will never fly with this airline again. Seats are extremely uncomfortable, definitely not enough staff as they had to run around the plane back and forward attending to people. The entertainment are movies, games, and tv shows which are abundant, and all of these are behind a paywall, but i believe it is worth it. Overall not worth flying Flydubai, as even the cheap price cannot justify the poor flying experience that a person has.
  This airline deserves zero stars. The staff is unaccommodating and they will check everyones bags to make sure they are to the size of there requirements and will make sure to charge you extra at every chance.
  After a bad flight a few years ago I decided to fly again as they are the only non stop flights from Heathrow to Mauritius. Glad I did despite the old aircraft I managed 9 hours sleep and found the seats more comfortable than expected as they are not flat. Didnt have dinner but woke early for breakfast which was very good. The crew were friendly and smiled except for one. Looking forward to my return and looking forward to the new aircraft A350 at the end of this year. Only problem for me is the chaos at Heathrow boarding gates gate 8 as Business Class passengers are unable to see the signs or even get through the chaotic crows! Maybe an announcment would be helpful or heaven forbid maybe one of the many managers standing doing nothing at the gate could assist?
Perth to Johannesburg via Mauritius, and on the 4 flights I took in the last month I am most impressed. I flew with a 3 and 4 year old which I thought would be challenging but it wasnt. The crew were attentive and thoughtful, food delicious, drinks never ending, and the amenity kit great. The kids got packs different on all 4 flights. Kids meals were age appropriate and delicious. IFE a bit dated but enjoyable nonetheless. The only reason I dont score full marks is because of the seats  what is up with that crazy weird seat?
MXPIKA flight IR750 August 8 Airbus 600300 return. Airbus 321300 Flight IR739 August 20 Tehran  Rome. Both flights on time. Aircraft dated but well maintained and clean perhaps toilets should have received more attention during the flight. Seating good leg space comfortable seats.
  Bangkok to Osaka. Again, confusion over checkin times. Email sent 24 hours before said open 4 hours before, website said 3 hours and screens at the airport showed a checkin row number more than 5 hours before. Approached the checkin desk, which then had almost no queues, to be told that checkin opened at 2 am  3.5 hours before the flight. All this information is completely contradictory and confusing. Returned to the checkin desk at 2 am and checked in very quickly  no waiting at all. Seat numbers had been changed again from those booked and paid for due to aircraft change but staff very helpful in moving us to more appropriate seats. Why dont they communicate with customers when preselected and paid for seats are changed? This would at least give customers the option of trying to amend their booking to choose different seats, or automatically refund the price paid. I lost money by buying 25kg of luggage when my bag actually weighed less than 22kg. Its crazy to expect customers to be able to predict their bag weight to the nearest kilogram, so inevitably people presumably end up buying more than they need. An enlightened approach to customer service is needed here. How about automatically refunding unused prepaid luggage, considering the lucrative revenue stream they must generate from charging people at checkin who have underpaid? Fast and smooth through immigration and security. The long bus journey to aircraft via Gate 1  groan. On time departure and arrival, uneventful flight. The flight was retimed several months before departure from 0430 departure to 0520. This was communicated effectively by email but was annoying nonetheless. Overall, considering this and the previouslyreviewed outward flight, I might use this airline again if the price was right. However, they have lots of issues with their website, booking system, communications and policies generally that  even for a budget airline  leave areas where improvements could be made. There is room in the market for a lowcost operator to also show that they care about their customers  a lot of initiatives are not expensive. The checkin staff who helped me with my seats today got close and made a good impression, but the company itself has much more to do.
  When flying from Toronto to Vancouver, the flight was delayed by three hours. Then when I was to come back to Toronto I get an email that my flight is cancelled at 9.30 pm and the flight was to depart at 12.10 departure was supposed to be 11.10 but was delayed. I saw the nasty reviews of this airline but decided to give them the benefit of the doubt. This airline is a joke and should cease operations soon. I learned my lesson that its better to spend a few hundred more and fly with a peace of mind.
  Horrible experience. An outdated airline with no online checkin and very non standard carry limitations of 5 kg per passenger. After hours long waiting to check in due to non professional staff, I had to weigh my small handbag as they try to charge everyone. Seats are dirty and falling apart only held by duck tape. Worst experience I have had with an airline low cost or otherwise
  Kochi to Denpasar via Kuala Lumpur. Absolutely ridiculous luggage policy! Airline wanted to charge us $500 for one bag 30000 Indian rupees  15 kilo during the checkin process, even though we had already paid 10 kilos before checking in 6 months prior to travel. Even worse, we tried to purchase the additional luggage the same day through the website and the servers didnt allow us to complete the purchase. We eventually had to upgrade to business to Kuala Lumpur to take the bag at a rate of $260 for the upgrade. In addition to that, the Customer support service over the phone was poor. Many disconnects. Had to wait over 30 minutes and call back at least 5 times when we were purchasing the 10 kilos in advance. I will request a refund for the $260 charge. 
  RAM use COVID 19 excuse to scam customers. If they cant provide a service we paid for at lease refund back your client but do not promise to give a fake voucher or rebook and cancel flights whenever they want without letting you know and no proper answers or options. I was supposed to return to Dakar since May 22 and I am still here in Canada. 1  Bad customer service, they never answer their phone here in Canada, Ive tried 100 times a day over these past 5 days and nothing. 2  Email reply, no accurate answers. 3  do not provide you a flight option and the voucher that they are saying is valid for 18 months is fake which means you loose you money. Will never use them again and will not recommended to anybody I know.
  This is the worst airline Ive flown overseas. My bag fit in the carry on size checker and they still insisted on charging me $72 to take it as carry on. When I asked for them to print my boarding pass the woman threatened to call the police.
I had flights from Paris to Sarajevo via Ljubljana. Adria Airways provides a low cost product these days. The food and beverages become for purchase including water. This is acceptable for short flights but it should be clearly indicated during the ticket purchase on their website. There are no hot options and quality of sandwiches is really poor. Besides the service was very friendly and efficient. Both flights arrived on time.
Barcelona  Vienna Feb 2014. Clean plane captain and crew fully alert and friendly  helpful and in a good mood free papers free soft drinks and sandwich. Plane on time on departure and arrival. Only negative point Swissport counter crew at Barcelona that does ground service for many airlines. Partly incompetent uninterested laid back and no sense of urgency. Left baggage for almost 20 minutes standing on weighing scale  later admitted they had forgotten it. Then affixed a priority sticker. Other problems encountered not responsibility of Air Niki but of Barcelona airport layout and management  airport staff.
  The worst airline I have ever dealt with. They would not allow me to book a preflight bag and then charged me $80 for a bag that was slightly overweight 10 kilos. I had no choice but to pay as I was on the way to the flight. They were totally disinterested in helping. Terrible experience all around.
 It is definitely an affordable airline, and I did get from point A to B. But thats about it. The airline was over an hour late for both my to and from flights. The staff on the plane was amazing, but the staff in charge of getting people onto the plane were disorganized and confusing. If considering some of the lower budget options for flights, I would recommend Swoop or Flair over this airline any day.
I flew Peach aviation for a roundtrip from Seoul to Okinawa with my girlfriend and baby girl. As we planned this family vacation quite late they were the only tickets left for that journey at that time and were not particularly cheap. As you can expect from a lowcost airline, we had to pay extra to checkin our luggage I recommend doing it online before departure as it is cheaper and had to pay for everything onboard. However we were very disappointed to see that there was no particular services offered to families with babies at all. During the onward journey from Seoul Incheon to Naha, the flight was delayed by one hour. Fortunately it is a rather big airport with lots of things to do and we were therefore not bothered by the wait although we were always rushed to go to the gate. On the other hand, the outward journey was something else. When we got to Naha international terminal, we couldnt find the Peach counter, we were then told by security that they operate from another terminal and that we had to take a shuttle bus. This extends considerably the time you need to go to their counters. Turns out the Peach terminal is a cargo hall in the cargo area which is why only their buses can go in taxis and private cars are not allowed in there. As we got there we find out our flight was delayed by 15 min but we were still rushed to go to the gates. When we got to the gate, we were told the flight was actually 40 min delayed and after those 40 min that we had to wait another hour. Overall the flight left with more than 2.30h delay for a 2.25h flight. Unfortunately the waiting was unbearable. Because of the cargo hall situation the only shop inside was a tiny souvenir shop with no food and no drink which makes it very difficult when you have a hungry and thirsty baby. What makes it worse is that Peach staff were completely useless. Only one out of four spoke some English which is unbelievable when only 5 of their passengers on that route are Japanese and they refused to answer any question regarding the delay and the reason. When we asked for someone in charge they just wouldnt answer and just left us clueless. There was absolutely no announcement about the progress, no information and no apologies. All passengers were simply left in the dark with nothing to do, nothing to eat and nothing to drink. I advise any future buyers to be careful. I will never fly them again.
  Just flown Dublin to Alicante. Couldnt find a fault. Very pleasant staff on ground and in the air, but I still think hold luggage costs are are pure theft.
SHAHKG on a 4 years old Boeing 737800 B5370 delayed for 4 hours without explanation. Checkin staff in Hongqiao airport were very rude and unwilling to speak in English. Seat pitch was ok due to emergency exit row but the cabin looks worn and toilet was very dirty and dark. Cabin crew look tired and again speak no English. Food consisted of a Handmade sandwich which appeared totally unacceptable. I will try to avoid Shanghai Airlines at all costs.
 Not a good experience with Air Seychelles from Durban to Mumbai via Seychelles. Flight to Mumbai cancelled once we landed at Seychelles airport. Staff very unfriendly. stranded overnight. On return, staff had to be called several times to ask for blankets. No choice as to meal as meat was finished. TV screen never worked. Despite sending an online complaint, I still wait for a response. Their service seems to be very bad. No apology for the cancellation of the flight which affected our entire itinerary. I have completed the online survey and send a personal email but no acknowledgement or response. Will never use this airline or recommend it to anyone. I will stick with Emirates despite the longer route
  Milan to Kharkov. So my flight has been cancelled. I have receive email with this info at 1948pm when departure time was 5.30am the next morning. When I  arrived to Milan Malpensa airport at 1am  I found Ernest info point which was closed and no person in the airport didnt know something about the reasons of cancelling my flight. And now i am waiting 5 am when info point is opened and i will be able to understand the reasons why my flight was cancelled and how can i return to my homeland.
I currently live in London and I fly once a year to Reunion for holidays. I use to fly on Air France in classe Alize Economy Plus but recently I tried Air Austral for the first time in Classe Loisirs Economy and was far more satisfied with the level of customer care in terms of punctuality high food quality and friendly staff. As being part of the Air France Frequence Plus scheme the good news is I can get some qualifying miles and this codeshare flight makes my life easy as I dont need to change airport  ie remaining in CDG and not going to Orly. So I would recommend Air Austral in terms of Comfort their B777 is modern the seats are more comfortable and you have more space to put your hand luggage in the compartments above your head. Food even in Classe Loisirs you have a huge plateau and you are really spoilt. Customer care excellent staff. They provide you with warm towels as you get on board and in the morning. They also pass through at night asking you if you want some water while everyone is asleep. Everything with a smile! Punctuality both outbound and return flights left on time. Unfortunately I read that Air France will stop this codeshare flight with Air Austral and I find this decision very sad. I wish everyone who is part of Frequence Plus loyalty scheme to convince Air France to come back to its decision as the CDGRUNCDG must not disappear. Air Austral is the getaway to Reunion via CDG for all European and worldwide customers and you wont be disappointed. Thanks to Air Austral we are getting better airline service to Reunion excellent staff quality and welldeserved comfort. Im very happy about their level of professionalism and the image the airline portrays of Reunion Island.
  I want to write a review about the agent David Ngoie from AIr Transat he helped me a lot since I had to change the name on the flight i booked to match my daughters passport, I tried with the third party I booked with Flight Hub and they wanted to charge me a big amount to do that even though this was only the next day to my booking, I called Air transat and the first agent i spoke with didnt even want to check and told me flight hub has to do it. I called again and David answered and took the time to review my reservation and was able to do the change and sent me confirmation with no fee or any complications. Thank you so much David
  We flew on Winair from St. Maarten to St. Eustatius a few weeks ago. It was supposed to be a 5 day vacation on a beautiful island. Two days into our vacation, we were notified that our return flight had been cancelled. In fact all of the flights the day of our return were cancelled. We were then told we had been rebooked on a flight 2 days earlier than planned. Winair stole 2 days from our vacation which we had been planning on for over a year. We then had to pay additional expenses of $850 to stay in St. Maarteen. When I spoke to their customer service and told them how much it cost us and how they stole 2 days from our vacation, they did nothing. No refund, no vouchers for future flights, nothing. Winair is a terrible airline that is managed poorly and does not care about their customers. 
  Flow inter island from Honolulu to Hilo and back for a quick weekend trip. We came from the mainland and visited Oahu so we thought of visiting Hilo island. Flight from Honolulu to Hilo was good  at checkin, the name on the boarding pass didnt match as ID and TSA requested me to go visit Guest Services they rectified the issue quickly. Boarding was quick and efficient. For a 35 minute flight passionfruit juice was served which was adequate. Flight took off on time, crew was very efficient in the service. Likewise for Hilo to Honolulu sector. Recommend Hawaiian for short inter island flights!!
Travelled domestic first class Beijing to Chengdu. Price was very competitive and had the new A330300 with lie flat seats very comfortable. Lunch was provided and consisted of traditional Sichuan food and very tasty beer and wine freely available. Staff were quite good and spoke English. Departed and arrived on time with the mandatory 2030 min wait for take off in PEK. Entertainment system was poor with no real English movies or shows. Now they have started to fly non stop Melbourne to Chengdu I hope they improve their entertainment system other than that they have a good hard product staff catering and competitive pricing.
Why do we always want to fly the big airlines? VLM has the efficiency of a budget airline, the service of a high value airline and the punctuality of a German airline. They have friendly staff and after landing you are out of the airport in 5 minutes. Moreover book well in advance and you have a very attractive fare. 
Travelled from Cardiff to Paris on 20th April 2015. Return flight 23 April 2015 flight no WX286. Complimentary snacks drinks were served by friendly attentive flight attendants making the CityJet flights operated by Stobart Air a very enjoyable experience. Also no queries about carryon luggage or charges for checked luggage a rarity these days. I would certainly recommend CityJet to those who appreciate hasslefree flying.
Flew LAX to PPT and back for an Oceania Cruise. Going to PPT things were just OK. After all you are heading to paradise so its easier to overlook less than friendly service uncomfortable seats and marginal food. Our return flight was a charter arranged by the cruise line and things were much worse. They had little or no ice limited beverage options and the food was awful. The flight attendants just dont have any spark to them. Some of that may be a cultural thing because I find customer service in FP to be less warm and inviting than in Europe or the US. This airline needs to really punch up their customer service.
 Im not one to leave reviews but feel the need to warn people away from this airline. As someone who travels domestically and internationally very regularly I was surprised at the poor customer service and gotcha approach with flight changes. I made an error with booking interisland transit and within 15 minutes tried to change it only to be told that customer service was unwilling to do so based on the fare rules. mind you it was a first class ticket that had been changed once to this new island and by accident I got the wrong airport. This was disappointing and frustrating and, from my experience, not in line with industry standards for any other American or international carrier I have used aside from deeply discounted budget brands. Do yourself a favor and avoid this airline. You dont want to be in my situation where an error caught in 15 minutes means you forfeit your $$$. So many other airlines fly to Hawaii and actually have some basic standards of customer service. The money grab really feels inconsistent with the beautiful culture of Hawaii. How disappointing.
  On flight to and from Perth to Thailand, on both flights the seats would not lock in position. I think these sort of things need to be sorted out. I realise Thai Airways are struggling at the moment but basic easy to fix issues like this should not happen. Entertainment system onboard has very limited selection but after all said and done you are there for travel not going to cinema. Hopefully this will improve. The aircraft are looking very tired and could do with a good spit and polish inside. Basically the standard is a fair way below pre pandemic times. Needs investment so it can fairly represent beautiful Thailand.
 Tirana to Toronto via Warsaw. LOT is the worst company I have ever dealt with, heres why 1. I was planning my trip back to Ukraine from Tirana to see my parents, it takes me 40 minutes to get to the airport from the other city by taxi, which I paid 40€ for. Once the check in started and it was my turn, I was told, that they will NOT board me on the flight. Mind you, no emails were sent whatsoever. I was told to call LOT for further info, their office never answers, anytime you call you minimum will be the 45th in the queue. I had my whole route planned, my second flight from Warsaw was departing 2 hours later, my bus reservations made from Poland to Ukraine, one after another. As a compensation they gave me the worst hotel room possible, very dirty and old, and also I was called from an anonymous number and told I can pick up 250€ in their office, which I did. 2. I decided to ask about my trip with them for later on This month to Canada from Albania, I have a cat Im taking with me, which I couldnt register through their website, their form just doesnt go through. It happened once before once I used their company, but I ended up just paying for my cat in their office on the day of the flight with absolutely no issue. I told them I wanted to register my cat right now this is occurring 4 weeks before the flight, I purchased the ticket a month prior to the flight, which they told me they DONT HAVE ANY PLACES FOR ANIMALS ON BOARD ANYMORE. Despite me pleading and saying that they can take their compensation back but just let me take my cat because an extra 4 kg will not harm them, and just make an exception for me, because they completely destroyed my trip, it was pointless, and no other option was offered other than paying an extra of 600$ to upgrade to business class so I can take my cat apparently there are places for animals there, they claimed they didnt have any places for animals on flights till the very end of the month, and even first days of October, so no other option was available. After me saying that the form on their website doesnt work so I couldnt have possibly registered my cat, I was told that they have a claim section on their website I can go to I was in total shock because so much was happening already with my trip being messed up and me having to rebook everything, still havent gotten my refund for buses I canceled and had to buy new ones, and now they told me I cant take my cat! I understand that the people working there are robots, because they deal with customers, but you have to be completely heartless if Im saying I cant leave my cat because theres nobody in that country that I know and just crying because of how helpless and lost I felt. 3.I filed for a refund and landed money to buy another ticket from another company immediately, because the later it gets the more expensive are the tickets. ONE WEEK IN NO EMAIL was sent to me confirming they have received my claim, and their website says you cant file more than once, or they wont look into your claim at all. I Was told that its not 100 that my ticket is refundable, depending on the type of the ticket I purchased, gladly it was the refundable one but still!!! How is it possible you have tickets that are non refundable if I want to return them almost a month before the flight??? It IS MY MONEY. And the amount was 600$. I came down their office once again to ask about my refund and when Ill be receiving it, they told me 60 days, SIXTY!!!!!!
 Ive always enjoyed flying ANA on its international routes and Im happy to report that the domestic route I flew was up to the same high standards of service. A very early red eye flight, cheap ticket but a very clean, well maintained looking interior to the aircraft. No food served but the flight attendants were very friendly and helpful without being either overly intrusive or noticeably absent. Seats were comfortable, decent enough legroom that I didnt feel cramped on the 3 hour flight as well which was a bonus as squeezing my six foot frame into some previous airlines cabins has been torturous. No personal screens for entertainment but there were radio channels available and I always travel with a book so I was quite content. Got me where I wanted to go with no fuss and a totally uneventful journey. Thanks!
CTUPEK and PEKCTU. Food served was a full and delicious meal. Crew took great care in its appearance where toilets were kept clean after each use. Also food was served with classic Sichuan sauce of Lao Gan Mah making it a very authentic and genuine experience. Would recommend this airline to anyone flying domestically in China to and around CTU.
Shanghai Hongqiao to Shijiazhuang delayed for 1.5 hours as usual B737800 old but well maintained and clean no entertainment for 1 hour and 45 minutes flight uncomfortable seat as quite narrow snacks was served but tasteless. Have to fly with FM as China Eastern is worse.
  Like most of the other reviews mine also deals with flight changes, delays, and missed connections. From LAX to PHX the flight went as planned but once in PHX they said we missed connecting flight. We did not miss any flight through fault of our own. The previous day that sent an email that ask to change flights and be compensated. I refused as I had a planned schedule. Since I refused to delay voluntarily I think they just booted me to the later flight. In PHX we were switched to three different gates and two different flights. Our plan included an 5 hour drive from our destination airport, ABQ , to Amarillo which was close to home. We had left our vehicle in ABQ and were suppose to pick it up around 7 PM for our drive home. We ended up in ABQ at almost midnight and we were dead tired so decided to not make the drive and just spend the night. I am currently seeking compensation for the room and expensive meals we had to eat at the airport. I doubt that I will ever choose AA again. I was also not happy with the airplane A320 and the way they seated passengers. We were four, two adults and two teens, The adults were seated 5 rows back from the teens which might not have been so bad if the plane were full but there were empty rows, not seats, rows behind our teens. We also noted three grown men had to share a row when there were plenty of empty seats that they should have been seated in for better comfort.
Ill not try again in a while. They owe me a lot in apology  reimbursements. I tried to recover costs incurred from several of the many cancellations of a flight that was suppose to have been used by my family to England. This also happened to my friends when they tried to be patriotic as well.
  This airline is the least comfortable I have ever flown on. Seat pitch is so low I could not comfortably for my legs in any way. 
  Flying with Bangkok Airways is a true feelgood experience  from the moment you arrive at the airport till you pick up the luggage. Everything is efficient, friendly, clean and, very important, with smiles. Checkin and security took less than 5 mins. The airport is a small one, nearly open air, that I believe is owned by Bangkok Airways. Clean and friendly with small snacks served. Complimentary. Transport to the plane with small, open, electric trams. Small but attractive planes and even a small meal served during the short trip. Everything on schedule. Luggage delivery at Bkk smooth as well. A special experience.
There were three couples travelling between Sandals resorts in St Lucia and Antigua on the 07.50 Liat flight, this was a one hour hop between islands. On arriving at St Lucia airport, we found the check in queue was very very slow moving. Once we checked in it was announced at the flight was delayed by an hour this finally ended up 1.25 hours late. On reaching Antigua we were all waiting for our luggage and strangely each couple only received one piece of luggage and each of us had one piece missing, what are the odds on that happening, I say a million to one. The guy from the baggage handling company appeared at the luggage belt and informed us that there was no more luggage coming in and that the missing luggage had been left at St Lucia because there wasnt enough luggage space in the hold. We were all promised that our luggage would be on the next flight and at our hotel by 18.00 that day. This never happened and at this time we are still waiting to be reunited with our luggage. It seems that Liat are picking on the Tourist customer and systematically holding back one piece of luggage from each couple it is very strange that not one of the local customers had any luggage missing.
First time with this airline flying from Shenzhen to Shanghai, and it was not a positive one. Shenzhen Airlines one of those state owned airlines in China part of Air China that has no incentive to take care of its customers. Shenzhen airport was impressive and comfortable, but as soon as we arrived at the boarding gate, however, nightmare started. For an airport that spacious and modern, Shenzhen Airliness plane that took us to Shanghai was parked far far away and it takes a long while for the shuttle bus to get there. We boarded the crowded bus and there was no air conditioning with temperature outside reaching 35c. We had to wait on the bus for several minutes with everyone sweating like hell before the bus moved. After a seemingly very long ride, we arrived at our plane that was parked at a remote corner in front of a maintenance shop. We boarded the plan and our nightmare continued. There was no aircpn switched on onboard the plane. The pilot informed us that due to air traffic control, we had to wait on the plane for further instructions.  A flight attendant came over and asked if we wanted blankets. Looking at her sweat covered face, I am like what .. a blanket! Did you say blanket? She was just doing her job. But the entire crew did not seem to get it. 
It is 2 years since I first flew with S7 Airlines and it has changed. I flew Moscow DME to UlanUde on a new and clean A320. Staff was polite, smiling and nice sence of humour, including captain. There is an auto speaker, which is perfect. But the food is not satisfying. Compared to Aeroflot, Ural Airlines and Yakutia, S7 Siberia Airlines offer no alcohol, no soda drinks, paper boxes, no ice. And no inflight entertaiment at all. 
  First time with Air Namibia flying from Johannesburg to Windhoek. What a pleasant surprise. Excellent cabin crew, a complete meal served on a 1hr40 min flight, and on time. Henceforth Ill make Air Namibia my carrier of choice whenever I travel to Windhoek. Keep up the good work.
  Lost luggage on 72123. Immediately filed a report. Have not heard anything from them other than their automatic emails telling me they are sorry and to be patient. I can see my luggage is still at  FCO airport from my AirTag. Cannot get through to lost and found customer service line to speak to someone. Left voicemails and emails, but still have not been contacted back.
 Siem Reap to Bangkok Don Muang. Thai Air Asia provided a good standard of service as the best lowcost airline in the world. I choose Thai Air Asia as I am a loyal customer to the airline and the cheapest option to fly within the region. The flight departed ontime and arrived 10 minutes early! The boarding process was fast and very organised. The aircraft is fairly old but the cabin was really clean. The seat was fairly comfortable and the leg room was a good standard for lowcost airlines. The seat pocket contain magazines, safety card and air sickness bag. The crew was very friendly and motivated. I ordered a drink which was good but overpriced. The toilet on the aircraft was small but very clean. Overall, the flight was good as a lowcost airline and I would fly them again.
In 4 flights over 5 weeks with LAN Airlines from Santiago to Sydney via Auckland, 3 had problems. Space between seats is not adequate, families are regularly split up in the plane. We were bumped off a flight at the gate, despite having a boarding pass and lied to  plane overweight, we were last on we booked 3 months earlier and checked in on time, we didnt even have luggage. My wife flew the last flight with a broken leg, staff in Santiago directed us to 4 different locations, before we could access a wheelchair. We were asked repeatedly cant she just walk She had a broken leg  we were reduced to wheeling her on a luggage trolley. When we did get a chair we were assured she would be collected and delivered to the plane. My children and I left to pass customs, my wife was forgotten by LAN staff. Left in a deserted terminal until she was able to call to a passerby for assistance  20 minutes after the collection time. Despite cabin staff giving further assurance about organising a chair to greet us on arrival  no such request was made.
Flying Citilink from Surabaya to Bandung, I didnt expect much with this. The seat is very comfortable. The legroom is large enough for my legs. I could sit comfortably without adjusting my leg position. The cabin is totally clean and looked very neat. One more important thing is that the flight was on time.
  Hanoi to London. The main complaint was regarding the food, we did not eat a simple thing. Not much leg space either. We did not have any choice of aircraft due to going on a organised tour.
  We traveled from Dsseldorf to Milano Linate with Air Berlin. The service on board of the Airbus aircraft was good. They offered a drink and a sweet or salty snack for free. Furthermore we recieved a chocolate heart. The biggest downside of this flight was the delay of 2.5 hours, due to this we lost a lot of time which we wanted to spend in Italy. The seats were comfortable and the leg space was also reasonable. The cabin crew was friendly and highly motivated.
I flew with Royal Brunei on their Boeing 787 in AprilMay this year to London from New Zealand. The seats no more comfortable than any other airline but the leg room was good. The food was very nice and no complaints there, the matter of no alcohol was not a problem. With the price from Royal Brunei, I think this airline makes it a nice way to fly to London. 
  London to Seoul via Moscow. I was delayed due to the cyclone hitting South Korea at the time of the flight. However, the service and unfriendliness of the staff have left a bitter taste. We arrived at about 1930. There was very little information provided. They were arranging a hotel to stay for the night, but could not announce that until 2200. They then took the delayed passengers upstairs and left us there for a further hour with no information. They then collected us, but we then wait another hour until the coach finally came to take us to the hotel. Once at the hotel, they let us in, in small groups. We then had to be paired with strangers in one room, but that took forever. We finally made it into a hotel room at 0200 with the flight scheduled for 0555. They were arranging collection at 0400, so with only 2 hours to rest, it was a terrible experience. The staff were apathetic toward all the passengers affected. They did not seem to care and just left us all confused and without information. The flights themselves were okay, but the staff were relatively unfriendly to me. I would not recommend Aeroflot. There are better longhaul carriers for a little extra money. Do yourself a favour and spend that little bit more for better comfort and service.
  Bangkok to Yangon retjurn in midMay. This is my first experience with this airline and it did not disappoint. The checkin at the airport for both flights were uneventful, efficiently handled and most notably, having little or no queues, which is always a welcomed sight when there are snaking queues at neighbouring counters for other airlines. The boarding for the outgoing flight started a little after the scheduled time. The planes do not have any seatback entertainment units but for the outgoing flight, there was onboard wifi which allow you free access to a selection of movies and TV shows on the MAI app which can be preloaded onto phones, Ipads, etc. The selection was limited. For a 6570 min flight, it is impressive that the cabin crew is able to come round with wet tissues followed by a meal and drinks service. The cabin crew were polite and cheerful. The captain made announcements regularly which were spoken in clear English.
  First time I flew out on Saudi Arabian airlines from Manchester to Jeddah. I really enjoyed my flight it was excellent. The airplane was very spacious, very clean I was impressed. Atmosphere was great, cabin crew very helpful and polite, food provided 2 meals were very tasty.  I really enjoyed the hot meals, service was great, overall I give a 1010 service. Second journey was from Jeddah to Islamabad the plane was to small, no tv entertainment, the meal provided was horrible, but the cabin crew Mohammad and Rawal were great.
 Welcome to post covid travel! I can accept many things, especially because of covid. Airline flights cancelled, lack of full staff, the list goes on. So, for this summer expect a whole lot of cancelled flights. So lets look at what a cancelled flight looks like in this post covid era. First off youll get a message that your flight is delayed. Ok, so well just hang out in the club lounge a little longer, have a bite to eat, a beverage and just relax. Maybe an hour later check on how the flight is going and oh my! The gate looks like a scene at a border crossing Its humid, its hot, there are people laying on the ground, babies are crying. Real hell on earth...well back to club for me! Then 3 hours after our plane should have left they announce flight cancelled. I go the gate and again see a scene of human misery, thats passengers Im talking about, not Aer Lingus employees, theyve booked it for the exits and gone home probably highfiving each other with, great job today!. So we are left to our own devices and somehow all wonder to checkin like zombies out of a horror film and the babies are still crying. An hour passes its now 10pm and we have been at the airport since 3pm and word filters down that our luggage is in baggage claim. Off we all go to pick up our luggage picture zombies trudging with a suitcase and I wonder how those zombies with babies picked up their luggage? Again we are at checkin with no Aer Lingus staff. Finally at 11pm someone who is not Aer Lingus starts to sort through this misery and give us direction, hotel, call this number, etc. And now for the zinger, not once, not at any time did any Aer Lingus staff show any humanity for the 3 or 6 month old babies that were crying. I saw one mother patiently comforting her baby in stoic solitude, showing her character and instilling in her baby what true character is. This is what I saw and learned that night and what I saw from Aer Lingus? Not a damn thing!
  I am not complaining about the flight though the ticket was quite expensive. My complaint is about the MegaVolotea programme. I have never asked to joining such programme, which is totaly useless for me. However, yesterday I received an email from Volotea saying that I was now part of the programme and that Volotea had taken the annual fee, 59.99 Euro, from my credit card!! All this without any previous communication or, at least, a request to confirm it. I tried to contact Volotea to clarify the matter....it is essentially impossible to speak with anybody, their sort of AI Virtual Assistant is a no go. I tried to contact them over the phone very well hidden number but I found one, and nobody replies. I sent a few emails to all the Volotea addresses I could find, but no answer. Unspeakable behaviour. My advice is to steer well away from such Company and never give them your credit card number.
 Mexico City to Houston. Never use this airline. Cheap flight cost means no service. The information given at the airport is never correct. The website on the phone should update with gate information and it does not. The people at the counters have no idea what they are doing or any regard for foreign travelers. We spent the time between our connecting flights running back and forth between gates. When we asked about the correct gate, the staff responded irritated that we were asking. Definitely not worth the cheaper ticket price for the hassle we experienced.
  Air New Zealand would have to be the worst airline I have ever dealt with. Due to COVID our flights were cancelled and then and provided a credit, we were asked to reschedule to which we did only to find out we had to pay an additional $220.00 plus each for the rebooking, I dont believe we should have had to pay the additional fees as COVID was out of our control. I now am unable to fly as planned and have called to see if I can obtain a credit for my flight, and have been advised by oneperson last week I could change the name on the ticket or receive a further credit. Today I have been advised I am not able to receive a further credit as the ticket was already a credit and if they were to provide me with a credit I would have to pay for the credit and then also for the rebooking fee and whatever other fees they want to add to the next booking. Seriously New Zealand Airlines just lining their own pockets at the expense of their clients. I have to say their customer service team have been quite abrupt to say the least in the way they speak with their customers. Would never ever attempt to fly with this carrier again.
  Got the cheapest tickets with Viva Air. I knew I chose Economy but for all the hassle it wasnt worth it. Very Long Queues, very unhelpful staff on the check in area. Had to pay loads of money just to seat near the 3 children travelling with me, then an even bigger amount to have the boarding pass reprinted as my copy wasnt from a laser printer!!. Even though I had downloaded the tickets to my phone as per their website, apparently they dont run that service!! All and all was just as expensive or more than any other bigger airline company.
  Masks required and policed.  Will not be back on this airline. Also, they wanted me to upgrade so I could have a suitcase. Thats when I found out I was only allowed a purse, no carry on suitcase. A $190 upgrade would allow me a suitcase. No way. Never again.
 I flew with Vietnam Airlines between Hanoi and Saigon 4 times in the last two years. This time, the checkin was very quick since I have Sky Priority pass. However, it took around 30 mins to clear the security check. This flight was delayed for 15 minutes due to prior late arrival, but the announcement was clear. This did not bring me any troubles, and I have not seen any serious at least 20 mins delays from Vietnam Airlines even though SGN is over crowded. The on board services were excellent, Hot meal was offered as the flight was at noon. Attendants were very friendly, I asked for another hot meal and they accepted! Sadly, the public screen was used to show the inflight safety instruction, it would have been better if it shown the position of the aircraft during the whole flight. Sky Priority made the baggage claim so quickly. I just need to wait for 45 suitcases. Overall, a great experience.
Germanwings flight from Berlin Tegel to Dusseldorf. Cabin crew were friendly and professional. Good late evening snack a cheese or salami sandwich, chocolate bar and a small bottle of water. Too bad the there is no inflight entertainment.
  I have never had such a bad experience with any Airline. I am a 6 month pregnant woman and on 10nd April their staff was just utterly ignorant. Me and my husband were trying to check in our luggage, my husband was in longer queue and I stood on the new counter, the lady who was checking in told me that I should wait while other guys check in, I am not in a condition to stand for long so I told her I am pregnant and first in queue, she made weird faces and tried to ignore thats where my husband had to intervene. There were no courtesy whatsoever. Second, while we were on flight, the hostess didnt give me any instruction even though I told her I was pregnant. I paid for the food and beverage for both me and my husband, and our name wasnt there on the list, there was a long hassle to prove that we paid for the same. Although the Airhostess offered us the same later but proving that you have paid wasnt really a 5 experience.
  Manila to Caticlan. AirAsia Philippines is the most disappointing airline. Our flight going from Manila to Caticlan was delayed for 3 hours. Which meant we had to wait in the airport for 6 hours altogether. When we actually got on the plane we waited for a further hour until moving. The crew was apologetic however they were giving different reasons as to why we were being delayed. One reason was that the runway wasnt free and the next was there was a problem with a machine to get the engine going. Me and my boyfriend were expecting to spend 2 and a half days of sun in Boracay, however, because of this we wasted a day off our short holiday. Despite the low fare, the waiting isnt worth it when you could get to your destination on time by spending a bit more money on a different airline.
  Catania to Boston via Rome. At Catania Airport when we were informed our flight was cancelled but not given a reason. One person at the service desk said it was the weatherother flights were leaving and arriving, others said it was a transport strike We needed a written reason to fullfil the terms of our travel insurance. A service person said we could get the answer on line. He tried but could not produce a website with the answer. We were bused from Catania 1.5 hrs to Comiso Airport  we never received new tickets and were simply boarded on a flight to Rome. We missed our connection to Boston and were bused to a 3rd rate hotel in suburban Rome, offered a dinner of pasta and pork which we dont eat and told to be up at 6 am the next day for a flight leaving for Boston at 1055 am. Breakfast was a bag with a bottle of water, dried cracker, stale croissant, and juice box. The flight to Boston was horrendous. The meal choicewas gone by the time the attendent came by  she offered me her meal which was very kind. The entertainment offerings were horrible and for me the system didnt work and wifi never worked. When I checked on several flight tracker sites AZ 1724 was listed as departing from Catania!
  Thank you for all the staff on the Delta Air Lines. I traveled alone with my 4year old boy and 2year old baby girl. I had so much anxiety but they all helped me to carry my stuff and the stroller, etc. They all have been very kind and nice and helpful in so many ways. One flight attendant even walked us to the gate. It was the best flight I ever experienced. all!!
 I didnt have high expectations from Malindo Air but despite this my flight was a disappointment on various fronts. New Years Eve is not a busy time to fly and as expected the flight was only 60 full. The crew made a good first impression but the flaws started appearing early in the flight. Both lavatories had not a drop of soap in them and the crew confirmed they have no soap at all. The temperature inside the cabin was very cold and if this wasnt bad enough the air conditioning was blowing at full force. This was true even once we landed and waited to disembark. The onboard meals are reasonably priced but they come with only one a 350 ml water. The menu doesnt display prices for water bottles only soft drinks The cabin was clean and the crew provides good service.
 Several hours before the flight we find that electronic check in is not available, as the online system does not complete the process. Arriving at the airport 2.5 hours before the scheduled departure, we are informed that the electronic check in is already closed and can only be done at a counter and after an additional payment of 45 eur  person. To our protest about the unfair and disgraceful charge and the complete lack of relevant information, the employee replied ironically that if we want to fly we have to pay the extra amount. To pay we had to wait at another counter with a huge queue and then back to the first counter to check in, where now only two employees one of them extremely rude served the 400 people who were anxiously waiting to catch their flight. While we were waiting, in the queue we realized that many of our fellow passengers had also fallen victim to the same fraud. To top off all the hassle and the charge of 90 Eur 2 people was the additional delay of the flight for about an hour. Probably the worst company I have traveled with in the last 10 years.
  Not bad if you can find a flight at the right price point. Return flight ARNDXB via Riga. Okay, lets get the worse thing out of the way  one toilet for a 7.20 hour flight does not make the grade. On the positive side. All flights were on time. Equipment is new. Both check in and cabin staff were better than average and price was exceptional compared with the premium carriers. No luggage police were on duty unlike Ryanair. Seats a tad uncomfortable for the duration but reasonable legroom. Would recommend and book again
  No issues. Flight left on time which also meant the flight arrived on time. Seats comfortable. Snack and water was given out on the flight. Smooth all round.
 Flight left about 30 minutes late, which is much less of a delay than usual. Crew looked tired as this was an evening flight. Crew English announcements still not really understandable through PA. No comment from cockpit crew as is usual with international airlines. Extremely hard landing in HKG no noticeable weather or turbulence. No comment from the cockpit crew again. They still have a long way to go in my opinion to be on par with international airlines. Sometimes hearing the crews voice in understandable English since this is an international sector would help.
 Flew Sydney to Gold Coast. On the way there, this airline was fine however on the way back we were waiting in the line and we started to board. All of a sudden the flight attendant randomly comes to the middle of the line unfortunately right where me and my two friends are standing and asks to weigh our bags 7kgs allowed. Granted we were over our allowed weight and I would not have minded paying had she done this to everyone in the queue! We were literally the only people in the entire flight to have their bag checked. I was appalled to see people passing me with suitcases much heavier and bigger than mine! I know shes selected us because we were 3 young girls and we were an easy target because we wouldnt make a massive fuss although I was happy to express my dissatisfaction. I am okay with paying if my suitcase is over, I can take full responsibility for that but if you are going to do one person, you have to weigh everyones! You cant choose easy targets to get extra money. So my annoyance then continued as the women charging us took so long to do so I then didnt have any over head space for my case and was sat the whole flight by a crying baby no ones fault about the child but it wasnt a pleasant trip. Overall I would not fly again with Tigerair nor would I recommend them unless they had this issue sorted. Its not professional. I love flying but I have never been more annoyed.
I never write reviews but I feel compelled to write after experiencing US Airways appalling bad service from Philadelphia to Amsterdam. Flew on 21st September, the flight was on time. Beyond that it was a nightmare. They fly a Boeing 757 aircraft on this route, with 3x3 seat configuration in economy business didnt look much better. The flight attendants can barely fit down the aisle. In fact, one of them suggested writing a review! Very little overhead space and people trying to cram their things in. The in flight entertainment system was a single movie shown on drop down screens above the aisle. Felt like the 70s. Just horrible. So if youre going to Amsterdam, I would suggest avoiding US Airways out of PHL at all costs.
  Eindhoven to Vienna. Was charged extra for cabin bag. It fit all the usual requirements dimensions, weight but the staff at the gate insisted that 1 small bag is something smaller. Rather than missing my flight I just paid the extra. Than my cabin bag was to be put in the storage so I only had what could fit in my hands with me. Quite a way to end a holiday. Never flying Laudamotion again. 
  Horrible experience, flight was scheduled at night 2100, received notification in the afternoon that flight is rescheduled to 2200 hrs and again received notification by evening that flight is again rescheduled to 2300 hrs. After check in Goa Airport, again further flight is rescheduled to 0000 hrs. First time I am traveling in SpiceJet and it is worst
  Daraga to Manila was smooth and left ahead of schedule. Manila to Riyadh flight left ontime. Crew were amazing. Kept my Champagne glass full. Upon embarkation, crew handed me some small gifts which was highly appreciated. Ticket price was very reasonable.
  Awful service! We booked our flight months in advance and they overbooked and kicked us out of the flight last minute. Awful communication because they gave us hope and shut the doors in our face. Disappointing and infuriating because we are a family of 4 with various meetings due the next day that had to be canceled. They wasted our time, money and I will never be buying from them again. If I were you, save yourself from this awful company that only disappoints.
  Hello, its a shame for my flight of March 13 at 1201 Honolulu  San Diego, I show up with my confirmed flight boarding pass seat 14D and despite all that, I am told that the flight is full that I had to take the next flight without apologies or compensation nothing just take the next days flight at 1055 the HA58 was also delayed. I went back to Waikiki to take a hotel, I missed my car rental in San Diego, I also paid for the hotel night of March 13 in San Diego for nothing, round trip transportation Waikiki Honolulu airport, j paid more than $250 for the incompetence of Hawaiian Airlines agents.  Bonjour, cest une honte pour mon vol du 13 mars  12h01 Honolulu  San Diego, je me prsente avec mon vol confirm boarding pass siege 14D et malgr tout a, on mannonce que le vol est complet quil fallait prendre le prochain vol sans excuses ni indemnits rien juste prendre le vol du lendemain  10h55 le HA58 a son tour aussi retard. Je suis retourn  Waikiki prendre un htel, jai rat ma location de voiture sur San Diego, jai pay aussi pay la nuit dhtel du 13 mars  San Diego pour rien, le transport aller retour Waikiki aroport Honolulu, jai pay plus de 250$ pour lincomptence des agents Haiwaiin airlines
 Apart from the shoddy inflight service and poor facilities on the flight, Jet Airways customer service is by far the worst Ive ever come across. They lost my bag even though I paid an extra baggage fee and despite my umpteen efforts to communicate with them over the phone they could never provide any useful information. Jet Airways have really succeeded in creating an impression as the worst customer service experience Ive ever received. A real embarrassment to the airline industry. Your company really needs to learn a few things about customer relations before you become an international airline company. Despite paying an additional $200 luggage fee they still lost my bag. This happened on 5th January 2019. I was told I would be reimbursed for my expenses as I didnt have a single piece of clothing as a result of their negligence. After having purchased the bare necessities I provided them with the bills that I was going to need, I was told the matter would be resolved no later than the 17th January, but it wasnt. When I called on the 18th I was given a date of the 23rd for the same and then the 28th. They just keep going round in circles. They really need to open their eyes and see how other airlines Lufthansa, American Airlines, British Airways to name a few give priority to their customers even if they are a little disappointed. You will never be receiving any business from my end at least. Thank you for nothing so far and take responsibility for your negligence. 
LAXPPT not bad. The food was just as exceptional as AF but the FAs were much friendlier and more humorous very attentive to ones needs. And the fare US$590 cannot be beat. The 747 was interestinglooking a giant set of red lips painted on the side with the word sex on the landing gear door. Only problems were that there were long departure delays and the seats while comfortable were very cramped together. If they still flew to Tahiti Id definitely fly them again.
  Had 5 total seats. One seat the in flight entertainment screen was not functioning, 2 seats had the light stuck on over half the flight 8 hours. Flight left an hour. late Flight attendants were not interested in helping. As others have noted there is no service from attendants during flight. Overall poor experience from the flagship airline for Germany.
Just returned from Florence. Check in at Gatwick  brilliant flight on time good service no problem. Return flight At check in we were told our pre paid 40 euro extra leg room seats were not there and we were given separate single seats on the plane. Eventually it got sorted no explanation why we had to fight to get what we had paid for. We had two screaming babies sat behind us. This family had the use of five seats and only paid for two. Would I fly Meridiana again  no. Would I recommend them  no.
 For the first time Ive used the Flair to travel to Vancouver from Calgary, and from Vancouver to Calgary, and from Calgary to Kitchener and Kitchener to Calgary. I never had this experience before in my life the worst experience ever I got. We were travelling for 4 hours they didnt even offer us a glass of water all you need to buy and expensive too. The customer service was very worse and the flight attendant had no manner. At the Kitchener airport I was very disappointed of the customer services behaviour. All I want to say is to travel with Flair is not a good idea. Its cheap but poor service. Not happy at all.
  I would rate 0 stars if it was an option, the communication is awful, 010. We got all the way to the gate for our flight home from 5 days in Nashville. We were told by the gate agents in a rude, disrespectful  unprofessional attitude that our flight was delayed until tomorrow evening at 4pm. They stated they didnt care about our flight and that it wasnt their fault. $100 voucher was issued. The next day we were trying to track our flight to make sure it was on schedule, there was nothing online to updated, no emails were sent, etc. I called Sun Country to confirm the flight as no information was provided. I was on hold for over an hour with no answers. We headed to the airport, we approached the checkin desk same lady as previous day. Again, in a mean, agitative tone she proceeded to tell us us that we had to pay for our overhead luggage and would cost $90 for two bags. Ive flown on a plane over 30 times and never paid for overhead luggage. We paid it, as we were told without issue. However, our plane has been delayed over 24 hours without notice. The least the company could do was waive the fee. Instead of telling us our flight was canceled, they worded it as delayed to get around their regulations of having to put us on another airplane that had open seats. 24 hours later we land  guess what? No Jet Pilot to connect the airplane to the airport. We were on the ground for 30 minutes with nobody moving. The pilot stated, Ive called twice and I cannot get ahold of anyone, its not an excuse .. you cannot make this up. The end of the story is, I will forever choose a more expensive option for another airline than go with this poor service ever again.
First of all while booking online, only Credit Card payments are allowed  they dont allow netbanking or debit Card payments. No Option of changing your meal or seat preferences after booking. No Option to enter loyality Programme Details after booking. No option of online checkin  real shame who has design this Website. Before flying itself faced too much problems.
  Recently returned from a return trip to Florida with Thomson and as per usual they were fantastic. Aircraft was a 3 month old DreamLiner and its such a brilliant plane. Im 6ft and the legroom was perfect with plenty of space unlike years ago when my knees were jammed into the seat infront! Decent choice of movies and a few games to play which kept us occupied as our tablets had to be in hold luggage do to the US Ban. The crew both ways were friendly and attentive, the free drinks were plentiful and it was never an issue getting more if required. The food both ways was fine and wiped the floor with what Ive had on our Flag Carrier during the past year. The return flight was the same aircraft as the outbound leg and we landed into Gatwick 1 hour early after a smooth overnight flight. I really cant fault Thomson in anyway, I fly long haul a lot and the larger airlines dont even come close. We are already booked on them again to Barbados in February 2018.
  This is the worst company I have ever flown in my whole life. I had a terrible experience with them in August last year while visiting Mexico City and trying to fly back to Puerto Vallarta. Their app is horrible and deceitful, and it caused me a big problem. I tried to pay for a carryon bag through the app and, initially, it would not process the payment about US$5 until it finally confirmed the payment for my carryon. However, later on, when I arrived at my gate and was about to board the plane, they scanned my ticket and their system said my carryon had not been paid for, even though the app showed me otherwise. Okay, it was a simple problem so I offered to pay for it again. Instead of charging me the $5 for the carryon right there and then at the gate, just like any other airline would, they did not let me board the plane and said they could not receive any payments at the gate.  They forced me to miss my plane because they would not let me pay $5 at the gate.  When I got back to the checkin counter, their agent said We do not have any other flights for today. The next flight is tomorrow, and you will have to pay for the ticket again! 
  Johannesburg to Durban. I had to attend a funeral in Durban on 175 at 10 30am. Booked a 6.30am flight. This flight was delayed for 5 hours. Only left Johannesburg at 11.30am. Did not make it to the funeral. The purpose of going to Durban was not met. Safair did not provide compensation for the delay.
  Jakarta to Kochi via Kuala Lumpur. Pathetic customer service. They cancelled our flight from to Kochi and even not ready to tell us other options. Not even helping to get transit visa to board another airline. Pathetic and poor customer service and even flying experience is too bad.
  Allegiant first impression with a new customer has been an epic failure. I get a text message and email my flight was canceled within 2 weeks of my holiday travel. How so unkind of a carrier and service. Never again will I book with this discount airline. I should have stuck with Frontier, way way better discount carrier. As I read other reviews Im not the only one experiencing such thing, if it keeps up Im sure this airline wont last long.
  Delhi to Rome. Horrible flight.  Unprofessional and unkind flight crew, nothing was served to me for first 6 hrs of flight, not even water or beverages. Crew was unpleasant when I asked for water and then for coffee later.
  Kota Kinabalu to Hong Kong. It was a pleasant experience flying on the second day of Chinese New Year. Flight KA060 was delayed until 1500 from the original schedule departure 1200. Due to unforeseen circumstances, I was not able to make my flight connection to Beijing. I was delighted that a notify sms was sent to my mobile informing of such delay. Another notification was sent from BKI based ground staff to further confirm such. I arrived the airport earlier with the hope that I will be able to get a replacement flight to Beijing. Seemingly that it was indeed risky for me to get a connecting flight from HKG to PEK on 1830. They offered me the option of next day departure which I agreed upon. Travelling was made easier as a confirmed seat and boarding pass for CX390 was also issued at the same time. Similarly, hotel was also arranged for me. Upon boarding flight KA060, I was assisted by the cabin crew to my seat. A apology was also made prior to departure informing the reason behind such delay. I am impressed with the professionalism of the flight attendants. In flight meal was promptly served after airborne. I had been flying Cathay Dragon since 2014. Nonetheless, I am slightly disappointed with the inflight meal. The portion has now been resized to smaller portion since 2016. In the last 12 months I had also flown with other airline in this region.  Asiana Airlines still serve dessert and metal cutlery which Cathay Dragon now longer provide. 
  Probably one of the worst airlines to travel. They called me 2 hours before my flight to inform me that my flight is canceled when I was on my way to the airport and upon asking for refund they told they wont be giving me my partial refund for the flight that got cancelled by the airline. Id honestly request everyone not to ever ever travel through GoAir. 
  I flew back from Paris CDG to Bangkok with Thai Airways. After so many negative comments about food and service, I wanted to show my satisfaction and my gratitude for a good flight. I arrived at CDG Terminal 2E before 0900 am, and to my surprise the checkin counters were open very early. CDG Terminal 2E is not my favorite Terminal in Paris, Thai Airways may moved back to the iconic Terminal 1 later, but at the present time they are still using the Air France Terminal. Checkin was fast, passport controls was easy, but the security lanes took over 30 minutes. Boarding was on time and efficient.  The return journey to Bangkok was full in Business class and Economy class. The cabin crew in my section were super attentive and very responsive to my demand. I was given a a written menu, not the same as the old Business class menu, but it is a step into a better direction. The catering from Paris was excellent and very tasty and portions were very large. I ordered the Thai dish. Midflight the cabin crews came around and served some Thai chocolate icecream, a nice touch. In the galley, drinks and snacks were available. The restroom were kept clean during the flight. I was pleased by the service provided and glad to experience the Royal Orchid Service that I knew. They are making an effort to improve their inflight service. If there is one area of improvement is IFE with more movies and more music. Thank you for a memorable return flight.
  Staff lied to us multiple times about the availability of business class seating and even attempted to print the wrong boarding pass which left us needing to get it changed at the gate. Staff were not remotely accountable nor did they care about receiving any feedback about our experience.
  Brisbane to Adelaide. Today, I arrived before the luggage checkin was supposed to close. However, it was already closed when I scanned my boarding pass. I wanted to talk to a Tigerair staff who was on another machine next to me. I was waiting next to her but she was quite rude in her tone while addressing me. I waited for my turn after she dealt with 2 clients. I presented my ticket and she told me that she closed the checkin 5 minutes before. I explained to her that I arrived on time and that it was already closed and then I had to wait to talk to her, but she remained inflexible and of course didnt seem to care and to listen to what I was saying. I therefore had to pay for another flight for tomorrow. I saw three other people who had to pay for another ticket, because they were also late for the luggage checkin. Tigerair advertises the fact that they have cheaper fares but when you have to pay your ticket twice, it is not a good bargain at all. I will certainly not choose them in the future.
  Dont waste your money even looking at this airline. They will charge you everything they possibly can pay it or dont fly at the gate. I booked extra leg room, was charged 50€ for it, of course they changed my seat and now its impossible to get anyone to help me get a refund apart from AI silly chat assistant. Utmost frustrating and unhelpful, total waste of time and money! I paid for the flight over 324 €  50€ extra charge for one cabin suitcase 50€ for extra leg room not respected by the airline in the end  total of 424€! Not so low cost after all...absolute disgrace! Customer service appallingly difficult to get to!
 Preveza to Gatwick with Monarch. Boarded on time, staff in Preveza extremely helpful and pleasant. Seats towards front of cabin have greater leg room and were comfortable, aircraft clean. Staff a little distant, though polite and professional. Drinks and snacks offered for purchase, usual good selection from low cost airlines. All round a pleasant experience and would not hesitate to use again.
  Split to Madrid via Belgrade. Was meant to transit in Belgrade for 45 minutes. However first flight was delayed by about 50 minutes. When we got to Belgrade we had to rush to collect transit tickets and run to catch the flight. When we arrived in Madrid, our luggage never showed up. Had to spend even more time at the airport making delayed  lost baggage reports. A total of 3 hours wasted! And the next day, the status of my luggage is still showing as pending. Another girl on the flight had this happen to her both ways. Calling their 24 hour contact centre is useless. I tried this from the originating airport and am trying it now again. You are on hold forever, no one ever picks up the call. The flight and attendants are fine. But the airline management is absolutely horrendous! Do not fly them unless you are prepared to face flight delays, lost luggage and zero support after.
  The worst airline ever, they changed my flight and never told me anything. I sat at the airport for 6 hours and the flight was delayed 4 times. Do not travel with Silver Airways.
  I would like to say thank you to the flight attendants in Flight HU7976 , March. 10 2021 from Toronto to Beijing. Thank you all for bringing us home during this special time and the kind service. Keep up the good work and be safe.
  Gulf Air operates the narrow body A321 Neo to Rome and Milan. From Milan to Rome, a light snack was being served. More passengers boarded in Rome for the flight to Bahrain. Predeparture Arabic coffee and date was offered. After take off, it was lunch service. Although the flight was operated by a narrow body aircraft, there were 4 main course selections. I had the veal ossobucco, a Milanese dish which was tasty and tender. Dessert came around on a trolley  there was a choice of cakes, fruits and cheese. The flight attendant who served me on this flight was a nice Korean lady who was attentive and polite. As with middle eastern airlines, the inflight entertainment weighed heavily on Arabic movies and music. The selection of Hollywood movies was limited. Overall, I would recommend Gulf Air for flights between Asia and Europe. Connectivity in Bahrain is good and the Falcon Fold Lounge is well stocked with food.
 What a terrible experience. Truly an awful airline. Every possible delay that could happen, happened. Here is the sequence of events 1 Flight got delayed by an hour fine whatever this happens 2 Initial plane has mechanical issues forcing us to have to be bused 10 minutes away to another aircraft fine, I understand sometimes its just a bad day 3 We have to stand on the bus for 30 minutes in the Cali heat because the plane we were switched to was actively being worked on when the bus we were in arrived this is where I start getting peeved 4 We get on the plane and are notified one of the bathrooms is out of order 5 Fine flight, a little bumpy, whatever. 6 We land in Salt Lake, I think the ordeal is over, heres where it got so much worse. 7 They inform us they do not have a gate for us to approach to get off the plane and that we are in limbo. They say it will be another 2040 minutes until we can get off the plane Im annoyed at this point but recognize its almost over Ill be home soon 8 This process repeats multiple times. We are told every 2040 minutes that it will be another 2040 minutes and this goes on for approximately 2 hours. During this time, as a consultation they offer us an 8oz middle school milk carton of water? 9 Finally we get a gate, we pull up, everyone starts standing up getting their bags out of overhead and we all start to notice its taking a while to open the door about 15 minutes at this point and then the announcement comes on that there is an issue of a large gap between the plane and the hallway thing that connects to the plane and at this point the plane is turned off, meaning the AC is turned off and were forced to sit there for another 25 minutes before finally getting off the plane. I would absolutely never ever fly with this airline again. I would choose any option besides this. Spirit, Frontier, man Id rather drives just an absolute flightmare.
 SG 953 on 1952022 Delhi Terminal 1 to Shirdi International Terminal. The flight was scheduled to land at Shirdi at 4.50pm. Instead, the flight landed at Mumbai at 5.30pm. Announcement was made just before landing at Mumbai. Reason given was storm at Shirdi when actually there was no storm and 3 different flights from Chennai, Tirupati and Vizag including one ATR landed around the same time. This was confirmed from local authority at Shirdi. Passengers were in the aircraft for more than 3 hours in Mumbai, during this period there were only 2 announcements, 1st announcement after 1 hour of landing in Mumbai that flight will be taken to Nashik as it could not land in Shirdi after dark. 2nd announcement after 3.5 hours was that passengers were given 3 options Option 1 stay at Mumbai for the night and go to Shirdi next day. Option 2 Go to Shirdi by bus. Option 3 Go back to Delhi and fly to Shirdi next day. There was utter confusion and no clarity. Passengers lost their patience and naturally got furious. We were deboarded in Mumbai airport around 9.00pm. It took one hour to collect the checkedin luggage as different ground crew announced different conveyor belt Nos No 1,4,14 and finally 13. Ground staff signed and put stamp on the boarding pass of the passengers after writing full refund of the to ticket charges. On requesting for refund through mail, SpiceJet authorities refuse to refund citing the reason for rescheduling of flight mail from SpiceJet attached. This is totally misleading information and mismanagement by SpiceJet treating their customers as fools and commodity. SMSMail from SpiceJet was about cancellation of the flight which was not correct. The loss of time, mental stress, fatigue and poor communication and misinformation by the Pilot can not be compensated in terms of money. I had already blacklisted SpiceJet earlier because of their poor service.. No wonder SpiceJet is on the verge of collapse and shutting down looking at their quality of staff, meals, aircraft and service. A complete failure of structure, process and outcome indicators. 
  The seats in the premium economy are in 333 arrangements compared to the 323 in the older version of the aircraft. The seat space is similar to the economy with a little more leg space. Paying extra for the Premium is not really worth it. Sometimes the premium economy seats are cheaper only go for it, when this option is available. No wifi onboard on this aircraft, TV sets cant be tilted. If the person sitting in front of you reclines hisher seat you can switch off your screen and plan something else to do. Its the first time to see the newer version of the aircraft is worse than the older one they were using.
  I booked a flight with them to North Carolina for a long weekend trip two months in advance. Two weeks in advance, they cancelled my return flight and moved everyone to the following day. Although they claimed that they sent out an email notifying all passengers of this change, they did not. I dug through all my inboxes and spam folders, and the only emails I have from them state my itinerary for my original flight. My outgoing flight was delayed 5 different times. When I went to check the status the day of my returning flight I learned that they had changed my return date to the following day. I had to be back for an important meeting, so I ended up having to drive the 15 hours home. When I got home at midnight 24 hours later than I should, I was still receiving delay notifications from their flight home, which had not even departed yet. Whenever I tried to call their general customer service number, it stated, All lines are busy. Finally, by calling their group booking number, I was able to be transferred to customer service. At which time, they refunded my return flight, but refused to refund my outgoing flight, due to that fact that I had already taken it. I asked to be transferred to a supervisor and told him this was not right because I never would have taken the outgoing flight if I knew they wouldnt get me home on time. I warned him that I would make a complaint to the BBB if he did not remedy this. He said that he as unable to help me, and that as the liaison for Sun Countrys BBB affairs, I would receive the same response here. Sun Country has zero integrity. 
  Very pleasant flight, inflight staff is nice and smiling. The planes and seats are clean and quite comfortable I am 1.70m high. I subscribe to the mega volotea program as it offers 10kg by person.
  London to Mumbai. Jet Airways Heathrow ground staff was abusive on a phone call with her colleague while she made us wait on the side.  We had a situation And had to ask the agent if she can find out with the manager if theres any way out.  I found it very rude and unprofessional. It doesnt end there. She wasnt finished serving us and before that she gets a phone call on the desk phone.  She couldve simply finished with us and dealt with the phone call In private later and we couldve avoided witnessing most unpleasant language before boarding. When I mentioned to the agent about the experience she shared a feedback email and said  I dont care. Please write to this email address. The whole experience was quiet stressful and couldve avoided with basic manners.
  Prague to Paris. Flight with CSA operated by Smartwings was delayed as usual for 2 hrs. The boarding process was pure mess because of too many cabin bags  which delayed us even more. The staff on airplane was nice, welcoming and apologetic for the delay. I prepaid the gourmet meal which was outstanding for the price both in quality and quantity. There was inflight app with entertainment working however I did not try it. If we were not delayed it would be a great flight.
Singapore to Kuching, and I love the new uniform the SilkAir crew is wearing. I requested to change my seat and the ground staff at Changi Airport T2 helped me without much fuss. 4star service from cabin crew, the inflight entertainment is pretty good. Works well on my iPhone 5c. Fair amount of entertainment considering SilkAir only operate short haul flights.  Food was fine. Overall I still recommend SilkAir to others. 
  Our group of four took Alitalia from Chicago to Rome on 06262019 and returned to Chicago 07032019. We had a flight that left Chicago at 330 p.m. Once we took off the employees came around and gave us some food that was ok. By 530p.m. the employees told the passengers to pull down the window shades so the inside of the plane was dark. I believe their intent was to make everyone go to sleep and not bother the staff during the flight. I do not go to sleep at 530 in the afternoon and did not sleep during any of the flight! The staff did not come through the plane to check on passengers for hours during the flight and I had to go search for one of them to get a drink of water. I think the staff went to sleep during the flight. On the way back to Chicago we left Rome at 930 a.m. and again were told to pull down the shades. While this may work well for people who want to sleep during the day I believe it was again done so the steward and stewardess could ignore the passengers. When the staff did come through the airplane with what they called food they were rude and curt if any of the passengers wanted to ask any questions about the food. Some of the passengers are allergic to various ingredients and the airline employees did not show any interest in answering questions about the food. I would not recommend this airline. 
  Malta to Palermo. Our flight was suppose to leave at 5am on 9th September. We were a whole family, with 3 kids aged between 29 years old. At 330am we were at the airport, everything looked fine, the gate opened as well. At 430am, the flight was delayed to 610am. A few minutes after our flight was marked as More info at 8 at 8 it got marked more info at 9, and so on until it stopped More info at 11. In the meantime nobody explained whats happening. Excuses ranged from no staff available, to no plane available, to no coach to take us to the plane. After hours fighting and arguing, the flight got delayed to 10PM. They offered accomodation for all of us, only to spend 2 more hours just to take us there. The issues escalated as we ended up with police and RIU officers around us. Finally at 2pm we arrived at our hotel, slept and showered and at 7pm were picked up again. While waiting in our gate for our flight at 10PM, it was once more delayed to 1040pm.
  My husband and I travel a lot internationally. I dont remember having as much trouble booking with an airline. Unfortunately, they are our only option, we booked thru American Airlines. Trying to get seat assignments was extremely painful. It took 2 days and 4 phone calls, totalling 3 hours. When I waited for an option for seats, it took over 20 min each time. When I questioned the agent, she wanted to give me the whole reason behind how much work this was for her. I said I m not really interested, lets just get on with booking the seats please. After waiting 40min, I lost my connection! How convenient! BTW, if you get seat assignments before check in, you must pay. We havent flown yet, Im not looking forward to it! If at all possible, I will not be using this airline again.
 This is my first time flying on Frontier and the last one, this company has the intention to charge the customer for absolutely everything and the service is the worst, I tried to change the flight and they want to charge 100$ and for the consultation online 35$, thats crazy! And then at the airport all the check in machines were broken, so if you want a boarding pass printed they will charge you $5, I also did my check in the day before but for some reason the check in didnt show up so I tried to do it again and the lady at the counter told me to do it and it will be 25$ so of course I tried again with the only one machine that finally worked, but even though I got the ticket 2 months early when they told me I dont have a seat and I had to pay 50$ for the seat, I asked the lady why didnt I have a seat, she said because the flight was oversold! Thats wasnt my fault, Frontier oversold the flight and then charge for the seat! Im here waiting and crossing my finger that Ill finally get a seat!
 Overall was a good experience, check in went smoothly, food was decent for airline food and the staff was friendly. The main downside was that the lounge in Tokyo Haneda was overcrowded.
 Larnaca to Athens. Terrible experience. I had to pay 60€ for my 10kg baggage because my personal Purse didnt fit in it. In the site they describe the size of baggage you can have on board, but how can you imagine that your small purse with your wallet, phone etc counts as an extra bag! Employees quite rude, the seat of the flight adequate for people less than 1.70 and 65kg and even for the water you need to pay. On top of all, their fares are as high as those of the other companies, making so unclear the fact that Blue Air is a low cost company!
  Checkin procedure carried out professionally by extremely polite and communicative staff. Hand luggage was checked to ensure compliance with Aegean s terms and conditions which it did. Breezed through Passport control despite the terminal being quite busy. Ample and polite staff kept queues short. Aegean Airlines terminal was spotlessly clean with ample duty free shopping available. Amazing authentic Greek food products like Greek baklava, feta and extra virgin olive oils were on promotion. Had to buy some. Boarding was orderly and we were greeted at aircraft door by immaculately dressed cabin crew. I am always impressed by how professional Aegean Airlines cabin crew are. They put Turkish Airlines crews to shame. On time departure with on board service of drinks and meal again served in a very professional and polite manner with a smile. Duty free trolley appeared after the meal service. Smooth flight, landed 20 minutes early. Excellent service from start to finish. Thoroughly recommended.
CDGTIPOUA out ABJTIPCDG return. Excellent flight to TIP clean new A330 with good food and friendly staff. Flight to OUA similarly well presented. Unfortunately the flight from ABJTIP was operated by Nouvelair on Afriqiyahs behalf other passengers also noticed the difference with grumpy staff and terrible food. Happy to return to CDG with Afriqiyah again and more good service.
  We were very pleased with our flight. The plane was large, modern and comfortable, entertainment was excellent and the food was good. Our luggage were handled properly. I would fly with them again. The airport in Casablanca need some attention to cleanliness and facilities.
  They actually tried charging me for changing my seat from 3C to 3D. Even when I said this has to be a system error, they answered that its the new rules and if I wanted to change seats I would have a charge. Its truly sad how bad this airline has become in all aspects. Its a shame there is not many other airline options. Any somewhat good airline would be better to the options we find in Colombia lately. Always travel with other airlines internationally because of how bad local ones have become.
TRSMUCTRS on AT7. Crew pleasant kind helpful kept passengers informed. Pilot talked to passengers all the time. Meal small but inventive surprising. Stewardesses smile. It seems that EN keeps its good standard!
  Frankfurt to Cancun. Never fly with Condor again. for an over 10 hours international flight it has only 4 free movies and 4 free episodes. The other movies you have to buy. No free headphones. No blanket on board. The seat has no head holder. Cabin crew barely smiles. They were doing everything like a robot. During online checkin seat cannot be chosen. Super uncomfortable for the journey. The meal has small portion and not tasty. They charged anyway quite a lot for the flight! But they run everything like a budget flight need to pay additional for choosing seat, for free movies, for headphones, for additional food. Really disgusting operation strategy. Probably you need to pay extra for the cabin crew to smile at you! I give them 1 point because of the tasty desert.
  Thank you very much for providing me with a horrible service and ruining my honeymoon.  I used Hawaiian airlines for interisland transfers and they were never on time, always late. I had a day trip to Maui and they started loading cargos after all passengers had completed boarding, thankfully it only took about 20 minutes or so. On 072322, there was an issue on a plane and all passengers had to deplane and take another flight. i planned a day trip to Kauai departing Honolulu at 7am and coming back at 6 pm. however, because of the delay, now i have to cancel all booked activities. The airplane is still not departing as of 72322 840 am. One good thing about Hawaiian airlines is they are very consistent  they are very consistent in providing well below average service. They dont let you down when providing poor services. They are never sorry for anything. I have another upcoming island excursion to the big island. i hope not to get the same consistent service.
  I wasnt quite sure what to expect, having read mixed reviews, but I needed a costeffective way to move myself, my daughter, and our two small dogs from the US to the UK via France its much easier to get a dog into the EU than it is to the UK, and then cross the border from there and French Bee seemed to fit the bill. Very pleasantly surprised! All the staff we encountered, both at the airport and on board, were extremely pleasant and helpful. The gentleman at Newark who checked us in two stressed people, two stressed dogs, and a metric ton of luggage.  The flight was packed to the gills with rude people and slightly delayed, but it was the holidays. For the extremely reasonable price I was able to get two people, two dogs, and six checked bags to Paris from New York for less than $1500, the week before Christmas, the plane was comfortable. This is one of the few flights I have been able to sleep on, so I did not make much use of the entertainment system, but it seemed robust. I did pay for breakfast in the morning, which was nothing over the top special, but not bad and much cheaper than buying something in the airport. The overhead bins were huge and seemed to accommodate a lot more luggage than normal. And for a budget airline, the experience wasnt much different than what you would get from a large legacy carrier, Most importantly, my dogs arrived safe and relatively unbothered by their adventure, though I had serious concerns about them flying in their crates they are too large to fit in carriers under the seat. Thank you to the staff who handled them so well and kept them safe!
 Copenhagen to Munich via Dusseldorf. Ive just been swindled by Air Berlin. When I booked the trip, I was given one piece of baggage in the fare. When I called them to add a second piece they charged me $101 for it. I was stunned. I was expecting $25  $35 perhaps for the second bag. They even sent me an email advertising extra baggage for 10 Euros if I booked it more than 30 hours out. Thats a laugh. They must be into false advertising. Maybe Im living in an unrealistic world, but with high status on United, I get two free bags on Lufthansa every time I use them and could have flown them more cheaply had I known about the excessive baggage fees. Moreover, Im flying Air Berlin and Flybe to London City airport a few days later. They told me that I have to book my baggage at the airport because of the interline ticket, which is bound to be even more expensive. I will never fly Air Berlin again.
  Still waiting for response to request for refund after 4 Months. I paid for an extra leg length seat but when I got on aircraft the seat was no different than the standard seat. The flight attendant recommended I ask Swoop for a refund. I paid to check baggage on my outbound and return flights. My return flight was cancelled and when I rebooked the return flight I paid again to check a bag. I requested a refund at the end of January. Im still waiting.
  After using book now and pay later option I could not make payment with my credit card. Many error messages after numerous attempts. Numerous call centre calls could not fix this, and they make erroneous claims as to the terms on which I had made the booking. Suggesting that my booking had times out and was no longer valid which was untrue as I had written confirmation as to when I needed to pay. Couple of these calls to their call centre cut off after 20 mins. Their system will always cut you off after 20 mins on hold After a few days I finally got a link to a site to be able to make the payment. And I asked that the actual ticket be sent to me immediately after making the payment, which was verified during that call. That never happened. Couple of days later called again to chase up the ticket. Person took long time to act, and I asked him to be sure to call me back if we got the usual cut off after 20m mins. I got cut off. He did not call back. Made another call. This time Philippines answered, No notation on my file that the previous call to KL had been made or any action arising from that. She kept me on line this time so that I would not be cut off after 20 mins. But after 30 mins waiting I was cut off. No call back. Made another call. And they then told me there is no record of my flight being booked. But they confirmed that they had received my payment! Probably spent more than 4 hours in total on the phone and waiting over about 8 calls during this process over 45 days. If the departure date had been closer it would have been disastrous.  Could not be a worse experience. Almost as if they want to insult you so badly that you will go elsewhere, which I have now done. 
Surprised to see a charter airline flying a brand new A33033. Flight ZRHLAS with excellent service. Economy comfort is worth the extra payment. Very friendly staff.
 Seats were okay, flight was fast, departed on time, if not early, and arrived early. Flight attendants were nice, and landing was okay. Overall good experience. Didnt let me check in on my phone, but was able to be checked in on a computer in my home.
 Orlando to Greenville. Terrible airline! Checked in day before and chose seat as usual. Stayed night in Orlando to be sure we arrived at airport early. Arrived 2.5 hours before flight and were told at check in counter that the original plane had mechanical problems  and that the replacement plane was smaller and we no longer had a seat for the scheduled flight. Did not receive any communication prior to coming to the airport about the change. Was told that seats were given on this new plane in order of checkin and arrival to the airport. So that means every seat was taken over 2.5 hrs earlier  really? I doubt it! Had to rebook with another airline for the next day  which means another trip for our family home and back to the airport. After reading the other reviews and our experience we will NEVER book with this airline again  unreliable.
  I was informed two days before my travel that the airline had moved back to Terminal 4 LHR, and the lounge was not opening for another week, i would have expected for a business class passenger alternative arrangements with another airline would have been made, I was not offered anything.  I was greeted on board and shown to my seat, which had not been cleaned, crumbs over the floor and in the IFE hand set holder, the crew arranged for a cleaner to attend  apologised. Food service a disappointment from how things used to be, from the plating up and display to the quality of food served, the main meal was served directly on to the tray table with a table cloth and a napkin given, for the smaller snack meals were given. ls these were served on a tray the same size as used in economy, no napkins  serviette where given. The sweet trolley was not used. The meal on the Bahrain to Manila sector was no more than what was served in economy. The welcome drink was greatly appreciated, its a good class of champers they serve, I was asked what drink i would like after take off and again i chose the champers, this was the only time i was offered a drink. Where has that middle Eastern hospitality gone? Gulf Air, you have the best seats with privacy in the sky, you were way up there with the others before, dont let it slip any more. 
 Sao Paulo to Santiago. One of the most unpleasant flying experiences. It seems like the airline staff has no concept of customer service. Unusually long checkin at the counters. Took every passenger more than 10 mins to checkin. Did not accept the online boarding pass, so had to stand in a queue. On a 4 hour flight, they do not even offer water for free $3 for a bottle, which is inhumane. No inflight entertainment and very uncomfortable seats that do not recline. When the flight landed and parked, the gates did not open for 30 mins and no explanation was offered. Which was pathetic
Shanghai to Melbourne  1.5 h delay before boarding and after boarding was closed another delay of 2hrs. It was a China Eastern flight operated by Shanghai Airlines. Interior was from the 80s and when the passenger in front of me reclined his seat into a sleeping position the back was on my knees. The food looked very poor. This was my first and last long range flight with China EasternShanghai Airlines.
  Another great flight with easyJet from Glasgow to Malaga and return. Boarding experience was good with pleasant ground staff, boarded on time but slight delay departing due to an air traffic control slot but made up some of the time inflight. Great onboard service with plenty of choice on offer. Cabin crew were professional and helpful. Similar experience on the way back with a delay due to air traffic control issues. 
  Ho Chi Mnh City to Da nang. I spent a lot more money to book tickets on this day. Despite of the higher price, we just have only 7kg portable instead of 20kg consignment. After checking in online, I went to get the boarding pass ticket, my family spent over $25 for 15 kilograms on round trip, I carried a 7kg suitcase and a briefcase over 1kg, but thats okay my family does not carry any baggage on the airplane because all their luggage was deposited. At the boarding pass time they checked again my briefcase and it exceeded 7kg so they forced me to pay $25 more with an attitude very unprofessional. They did not apologize and just returned me boarding pass paper to boarded the plane on time. Im disappointed about the unprofessional attitude of the ground staff from Jetstar.
 NEVER AGAIN! Second time flying Swoop and second time with massive delays and unknowns. Were currently stuck in Puerto Vallarta, didnt have an update about any delays prior to getting through security and to the gate. Now been three hours and no communication whats going on. Were travelling with two kids under 6. We just want to get home. Well 100 never fly Swoop again. For the record, we didnt fly Swoop with intention to save money, it was just the provider that was included with the vacation package booked. We flew WestJet down.
Sriwijaya Air flight from Denpasar to Jakarta. Took about 40 mins delay for the plane take off. We could see some maintenance staff going inside the pilot cabin but none informed about what was happening. While we wait inside the plane was very hot, even after asking the flight attendant to lower the temperature. They offered a pack with bread and water.
  New York to NurSultan return via Moscow. Review covers SVOJFK, SU10024Sep as this was the best of the four flights. Ground staff in all cities are surprisingly professional. Flights board well in advance of departure and airplanes, when loaded, depart. Schedules are not padded for time and flight time is accurate. Premium Economy is excellent value with comfortable seats, decent amenities, and big, filling meals. The only alcohol served is beer and wine drinks service is followed immediately with meal. Oddly, the second meal on both transatlantic flights is served 3 hours before arrival which interrupts the chance for some hours of sleep. Announcements are continuous and interrupting first, prerecorded RussianEnglish followed by crew RussianEnglish announcements repeating the same message. Crews are typical, ranging from disinterested senior to pleasant, willing, smiling junior cabin staff. Services SVOTSESVO on Airbus equipment with no IFE are similar with nice food, disruptive announcements and decent level of comfort. SVO is sprawling, transiting without visa is easy but you cannot linger between flights due to crowds and distance. Aeroflot was ok .... on time, with good food and comfort. The nonstop announcements and timing of meal services however are offputting and would cause me to look at other airline options.
  Singapore  Penang  Singapore in late March and early April. SilkAirs cabin service exceeded my expectations. Boarding on both legs were orderly and efficient. On both the outbound and inbound flight we had some really friendly and cheerful cabin crew whod go out of the way to help their passengers. Refreshments on the two flights were served as soon as the flights were airborne, and the sandwiches served were tasty. Seats on both flights were comfortable enough for the short one hour journey each way with sufficient pitch and width. Outgoing flight to Penang had a late departure but on time arrival, but the return flight left the gate ten minutes early and arrived in Singapore well ahead of schedule. If theres one area where I was dissatisfied it would be the inflight entertainment system which involves streaming content to mobile devices or computers. Android users like myself have to download the SilkAir IFE app in order to log on to the entertainment system, and by the time I got it running properly on the outbound flight the aircraft was ready to land. On the return flight the inflight entertainment app worked well for a while, until it started to crash while playing certain songs. All in all, Im happy with the SilkAir experience, but I cant give them full marks for the IFE  I really hope they are able to make their inflight entertainment system more userfriendly in future.
  14 july 2021, booked on flight, 5 hour delay then at end of delay flight was canceled. Had to book a flight on American Airlines. Told by Boutique Air that cost of flight would be reimbursed and submitted claim at that time. Was told that cost would be reimbursed, no capped amount discussed. I talked with two people who stated cost would be reimbursed. Total cost $229.00. On 21 July called and was told that max reimbursement was capped at $150. This airline is a joke and will never in my life give them any business ever
  I have to sing my praises for the ground crew at Korean Air as they really bent the rules to get me on this flight. I misjudged the travel time to the airport as ICN is super far from the city and arrived only 25 minutes prior to departure, which should of precluded the staff to allow me onboard my flight other airlines would usually turn a blind eye. The gentlemen at the counter worked with earnest to process my documents and speedily get me through security. This positive experience continued at the boarding gate where the gate agents greeted me with a warm welcome and forgiveness despite my late arrival possibly causing the flight to be on the brink of delay. The onboard experience was predictable in a good way as I was able to rely on the consistent service that Korean Air offers irrespective of which route or plane I fly  friendly and accommodating flight attendants, good food, mediocre entertainment and time efficiency. I watched a few flicks, requested an onslaught of snacks and beverages and felt gratitude for the generosity in the ground service I received from start to finish while I looked at the dusk of day through my window seat.
  Our flight from Paris to Toronto was delayed by over 3 hours. No big deal. It happens. Toronto to Portland was another story. Because the connection was tight, Air Canada decided to bump us to a Toronto to Vancouver for an overnight, then onto Portland. They didnt bother to consult us they just did it, without mentioning where we were expected to spend the night, or who would pay for it. When we arrived at Toronto our flight to PDX was also delayed. That made it possible to get back onto our original flight, but not without scrambling from the gate, to customer service, then racing back to the gate again. The customer service approved us for boarding our original flight. When we returned to the gate, the agent there questioned our permission to board. After grumbling about how the other agent had left him to do his job, he finally agreed to give us seats. We boarded, went to our assigned seats, then were told we couldnt sit there because they were crew seats. The gate guy had given us seats assigned for crew only. We had to dash around to find two seats. A kind passenger agreed to move so that we could sit together.  In the fourplus hour flight, no blanket, no pillow, no food unless you paid for it, no media, no magazines. Only a 2beverage service. The seating was so tight. As expected, in the change from one flight to another, our bags didnt arrive with us. It was 1030 at night. Not one Air Canada agent, either in lost luggage or ticketing was present at PDX. They go home at 9pm, we were told. So, we were unable to file a missing luggage report. This morning, I tried to go online to report our missing bags Air Canada calls them delayed bags, not missing. It turns out that unless youve got a file number thats issued at the airport, you cannot use the online system you must call a service number. I waited 34 minutes on the phone for an agent. When she answered, her accent was so strong that I had to ask her to repeat every question several times. I had to repeat my answers to her questions several times. She asked me for an original booking number that, according to her, was on my boarding pass. It was not. I checked it repeatedly. When I explained that I could not find it I had my ticket number, my name, flight numbers, baggage tags...etc., she hung up on me. I called again. I waited about 25 minutes on the second call. I politely explained that I could not understand him, and ended the call. Air Canada did text us. It looks as if our bags may arrive by tonight. 
  Barcelona to Amsterdam. Never again! I am so disappointed with this airline. I am a single mom, i sent my child with the accompanied child service to visit his dad on holidays, what i got? The company lost my 5yr old child glasses during the flight, 300EUR glasses. Because he fellt asleep and they didnt take all his belongings. I did all the procedures, the answer I got is if isnt in lost and found that means it didnt get lost in the flight. Of course he wore them to get into the flight. Never again.
Our flight from Manila to Hong Kong from NAIA Terminal 3 was delayed by an hour. Our flight was supposed to be at 615pm and they delayed it by 2 hours 815pm. At the time, that was tolerable. But going back, they delayed our 650pm flight and already told us before the day that they delayed our flight again for 2 hours 815pm. Then today, they delayed it for almost 3 hours 1050pm.  Weve been at the airport since 4.45pm. I dont think I want to fly AirAsia ever again.
We flew with Monarch Airlines for our holiday from Gatwick to Tenerife South, and on our return journey I was taken ill. The cabin crew were very good they came to help me straight away and called for any passenger that was a doctor to please come forward. My body was shaking and this frightened my grandchildren, so another crew member took them to the back of the plane so they could not see me. When we landed everybody was held back from getting off so a paramedic could come and see me. Whilst the paramedic was seeing to me, the Captain came back to see that I was ok. I would like to thank all the crew for how they handled the situation.
First class flight from London to Asuncion via Sao Paulo. Cabin staff very efficient. Good food. On time all the way. Baggage arrived safely. Bathrooms kept clean. Cabin staff continued attending throughout the flight. Flight JJ 8085 London  Sao Paulo JJ 8123 Sao Paulo  Asuncion. 3rd June. Seats 44 H  K. 24 D  C.
 On the Nairobi to Addis Ababa leg of my inbound flight from Dubai to Addis Ababa on March 16, 2023, our flight KQ402 was supposed to depart at 17.00 but finally after a very long and painful waiting we boarded the plane at 23.00pm! Imagine arriving from Dubai at 7.00am and waiting all day long and all night and add to this no cooperative staff and zero services! To add insult to injury, again they did it on the return flight! Apparently, delayed flights are a norm in this airline. Our flight KQ310 on 26 march was delayed by almost 2 hours. Similar things happened to me on my previous flights on this Airline, I wouldnt even rate them with a single star, but there is no option with zero star!
  To be honest, my overall experience with this airline is disappointing. It is a budget airline but due to hidden additional charges, it actually is not a budget one. The most terrible experience is their customer service. You are wasting your time chatting with a chatbot. My tickets were canceled due to Covid last 2020 and 2021. Until now, I did not receive any refund. They just keep on saying the status is in progress and will escalate it. 
NBOMBA. ATR42 not exactly new but well kept. Courteous inflight staff  genuine smiles. Some refreshment option of coffee or soda and poorly packed 4 biscuits. Overall experience okay and suitable for the no frills traveller especially for short haul. Always compare prices though because they are at times higher than those for the national carrier which operate bigger and much faster shuttles on the same route.
BKKCNX return. Found them to be adequate and efficient low cost airlines. Fleet of 737800 range from so old to brand new all with passable seat pitch. Snack served on board are edible but their asset is great hospitality rendered from staff who were very helpful from first step of check in. Punctuality is fine too.
  Flight was cancelled 3 weeks before the flight, did an online refund as per their instructions. Claimed 21 days for the refund to be processed, its been 45 working days now and I havent received my refund yet. Egypt Air claimed 21 and they didnt honour their policy. I contacted them on Facebook and Im still waiting.
  On flight SA 208 from Washington to Johannesburg we had the situation where the inflight entertainment did not work on my wifes seat 61G after travelling the week before to JFK without any inflight entertainment for all passengers. The flight was full and the attendants could not move my wife to another seat. They were rude and unhelpful.  During the night I only saw the attendant on duty came around with water once.  A very unpleasant flight.
  It seems Sunwing does everything in its power to be late. Yes the weather was bad, but Flightradar24 indicated most other flights were leaving on time. Our return flight from Santa Clara Cuba was delayed over four hours because the incoming flight from Ottawa was severely late leaving. And Sunwing has decided that its cheaper to fly us home via Cancun Mexico, an 800 kilometer detour to pick up more people rather than have two flights. Inconvenience the customer over customer service. Air Canada and Westjet have issues as well, but nothing compared to the woes of Sunwing. We will travel to the south again, but Sunwing will not be our carrier.
 First the ladies in front desk are very rude and unhelpful to answer questions. My flights was delayed due to the pilot been tired so we had to wait for 4 hours until another pilot can take the flight. I know that some airlines give you a voucher for meals when this happen the lady on the front told me to call the airline and ask for it and when I call they told me that they dont provide it if is because a weather delay but on the phone they said one thing and in the desk said because the pilot was tired but anyways they didnt give us anything. I have to much to say about the bad service when we were seat already at the airplane they make me change seats because they had to put a wheel chair in my seats I had to leave my three sons alone in the back but the way they ask me for it was very rude. So I will never used this airline anymore. I preferred pay more for a good service. Very bad and horrible service.
SydneyCanberra return in Y class. Dash 8400 very small aircraft but comfortable legroom. I am impressed with new Canberra airport and Qantas lounge. Both flights were a little late cabin crews friendly only 30 mins flight and a muffin was served follow by teacoffee and soft drinks.
  We checked our luggage at Riga Airport on August 2, 2019, and all was in order. When we picked our luggage up at Schiphol airport in Amsterdam it looked like it had been caught in a wedge, as the entire right side was caved in and the handle was completely snapped in half. We immediately filed a report with the airline representative at baggage claim and subsequently filed a claim directly with AirBaltic and waited for a response. On August 7, 2019 we received an email from a customer service rep from the airline, instructing us to take the damaged luggage to one of their authorized repair shops to have it looked at and evaluated for reimbursement or repair. Problem is, all the authorized shops are located in those cities that airBaltic services, which does not include the United States, where we live. I informed them of that fact on August 10 and have not heard anything back from her. After a lot of searching I was able to find airBaltics U.S. website and forwarded all correspondence to them on August 19, 2019, with a request to contact me. As of today, August 26th, I have not heard anything from them. Given the lack of service on the part of airBaltic, I urge anyone considering using this airline to find another carrier and avoid this airline like the plague.
  Riga to Zurich. Company is a joke. Hand luggage weighs few kg extra and they have the cheek to charge 60 Euro! Better take any other company and pay more and be comfortable instead of this airline. Worst customer service Ive seen from an airline. You take money and then have the audacity to be sarcastic to the customer?
  I had heard mixed reviews on Swoop but decided to give them a try, I bought round trip flights from Abbotsford to Puerto Vallarta. The flights were reasonable but they ding you on everything else. You are required to pay 60 dollars for a carry on AND 70 for your checked baggage, then you also need to pay for seat selection. So, when all is said and done youre paying the exact same as a nonbudget airline. Thats not even the worst part, our flight was delayed on our trip down, which was inconvenient but we figured things happen. Then the evening before our return flight going home we got a notice that our flight was delayed again, we sat in the airport all day and our flight was delayed a total of 5 times. Just as our extremely delayed flight was supposed to be boarding, a flight attendant deplanes and announced our flight was cancelled because the staff was too tired. Now I understand a long day, but then there was no follow up on what we were all to do. She said we would receive an email with instructions and that was it. There was no customer support or anyone willing to assist all the stranded travellers. Every single passenger had to scramble to find themselves a hotel for the night at 900pm with zero help or care from Swoop. The promised email was not sent until 230am, stating our flight was now going to be leaving at 830am if I had not been up and waiting for said email we wouldnt be getting home. Once we arrived at the airport, we were greeted with more staff and flight delays.
 Worst airline. I had a 4 hour layover and needed to recheck my bags since i was transferring airlines. I spent an hour getting to Hawaiian Airlines check in since is in a different terminal? I guess Hawaiian Airlines with international flights instead of the domestic where i landed. I got there with my 5 bags from my extended trip and the check in was closed! Apparently they close 30min after each flight and open 2.5 hours before each flight. So Im stuck here till 1130pm for them to reopen. It shouldnt have to take two hours to recheck bags. Its ridiculous.
  Tokyo to Seoul. Check in is quick, seats are pretty good the only thing is that headphones and blankets are not available in the seats so you need to ask for some. The cabin crew are attentive but not so friendly, onboard meals are excellent but few movie options. 
  Philippine Airlines encouraged bidding to upgrade to Business Class. I bid and yesterday they took my money and upgraded me to Business. Today they announced a new plane without Business and put me in a far worse middleseat that I had originally  and now I have to hassle with begging them for a refund which I may or may not get. It is not automatic. 
  London City to Berlin Tegel. This is the first time flying with BA CityFlyer for about 10 years as they gave up the route to Riga. This was only short hop to Berlin but the service both on the ground and in the cabin was first class. The food was tasty, cabin was clean and tidy. The announcements were clear and concise. On arrival at Tegel, we were parked away from the terminal and buses to take us to the terminal were waiting as we landed and once in the terminal the bags were with us in minutes.
  I booked with Cebu Pacific just before coronavirus. Unfortunately they cancelled my flight and refused to give me a refund. Instead they gave me a Travel Fund credit that I had to use within 1 year. The world was still locked down when the expired date of my travel fund credit was due to end, therefore making it impossible to use the credit. Cebu Pacific have refused to extend the credit and refused to refund my money for the flight they cancelled. As they are refusing to provide the product I purchased and refusing to return my money, they have basically stolen money from me.
  Economy was among the most uncomfortable Ive flown in years. Im only 58 and there was barely enough legroom. The temperature of the plane felt like 80 degrees for 11 hours. The first meal was plain vegetable pasta and then the second was some sort of cheese sandwich with no alternative options. They barely had enough ice if you wanted a cold drink! When my mates and I wanted to order beers outside of the servicing period, we were instructed to go to the back of the plane to ask and pay for it there. Lastly, there were only two movies for in flight entertainment. This is the kind of flight you want to bring your own meal and snacks on, with your own entertainment setup. I wont be flying them again.
  On 14 May 2018, my wife and I were booked on Iberia Express flight No 12 3877 from Santiago de Compostela to Madrid. The flight was scheduled to leave Santiago de Compostela at 9.15 am but due to a fault with the deicing mechanism on the port engine of the aircraft, the flight was delayed and eventually took off from Santiago at 11.26 am, landing at Madrid at 12.20 pm. As a result of the delayed flight, we missed our connecting flight, from Madrid to Bucharest which departed at 12.15 pm. The Iberia staff at Madrid airport were most unhelpful in solving our problem and were rude and dismissive. A large number of passengers on the flight lost connections. The attitude and service was appalling.  To add insult to injury, our baggage and 21 other passengers baggage did not arrive in Madrid with our flight. We put in a baggage claim and our two bags eventually arrived late afternoon at Terminal 4 which I had to go searching for and which I found going around and around on a carousel all on their own and which could have been taken by any other passenger. The Iberia baggage claim staff had promised that they would keep the bags for us in their office once they arrived from Santiago, but this was not done. This is shocking service. In the meantime, we had to travel back and forth from Terminal 4 to Terminal 1 on two occasions in search of our baggage. As a result of the delayed Santiago  Madrid flight, we had to purchase two new airline tickets with another airline because we were a no show for the Tarom flight to Bucharest. I phoned Iberia Express in Madrid from Romania on many occasions and at great expense in order to investigate lodging a claim for compensation under the EU Regulations. I was told to lodge a claim online which I tried on numerous occasions but each time I tried to submit the claim, the message I received we that the Santiago flight number does not correspond to any Iberia or Iberia Express flight number. I phoned Madrid again and one of the customer service people said that she could not understand why the website is rejecting my application because the flight number I put into the system was correct. She then told me to send my claim by email to which I did but received a reply that the email address is for internal use only. I once again phoned Iberia in Madrid and the customer service person promised to investigate the problem and get back to me but I have never received a call back from her or anyone else. I have tried on 23 occasions to submit my claim online with the same result, the online system keeps telling me that the flight number does not correspond to and Iberia or Iberia Express flight number. In desperation, I wrote a letter to the CEO of Iberia and sent the letter by email and mailed it to him on 28 June 2018. I have not had the courtesy of a response from him our his staff. 
  I booked a Lyon to Tunis, Tunis to Madrid a week or so before travel and the trip was 5 days in length. About 5 day after booking, TU sent me an email about a 3 hour schedule change on the return. This was not acceptable to us and TU offered no other options. I tried cancelling the return but the LYS manager asked how could a 3 hr change effect it and that TU does not have to follow EU rules. Recommend you book on another airline. 
 Chaotic is an understatement! I was flying from Helsinki to Los Angeles via Stockholm and even though I booked everything directly through Finnair, they gave me only 35 min to change planes that required crossing across terminal 5 and going through customs. I asked for help to different members of staff multiple times and no one cared. Finally when I made it to the gate the flight had been delayed because Finnair did the same to other flights yet the app and website never updated. Finnair made several of us think we had missed our flight! Then when I got to the gate, the staff checked all of my documents again even though I had been checked in Finland less than 2 hrs before. They made me the last to board. Messy online presence. Too many emails saying the same thing but hard to find relevant information for example, I couldnt find any information about the trip from Stockholm to LAX. More than half of their desks are empty, so very hard to find any human help. Additionally, I submitted an online complaint and their answer was less than helpful. They really dont care about customer service! See answer in photo below. Luggage information in Helsinki was never clear and caused us to step out and have to ring the doorbell to get our bags. It took forever for someone to open the door. Staff are very careless about customer comfort. In Rovaniemi, we had to board thru the tarmac and the attendants didnt care that people had to wait outdoor on freezing temperatures while the passengers were taking forever to put in their luggage and sit down. Only good thing is that the airplanes are in very good condition.
Tripoli to Bengazi. A one hour flight that turned into a dreadful 4 hour experience. 1.5 hours late sitting inside the domestic terminal with no reason whatsoever. Bussed to the plane which was a 727200 that looks like a dead bird from the outside and was very hot from the inside. Torn and non adjustable seats tables kept opening and no seat number assigned to passengers  serve yourself! Before take off the captain explained why the AC was not working well the APU on the aircraft was not working. Long story short  I am a very frequent flyer but flying on that old 722 gave me the creeps!
  Bali to Jakarta. I will never fly this airline again. True to form Lion Air managed to be delayed both departing Jakarta for Bali, and returning. Not only were they delayed but there were last minute gate changes, in both directions, that had I not been keeping a close eye on wed have missed the flight. For the return flight I received a text message, the day before departure, informing me that departure would no longer be 19.30, but 21.15. On arrival at the airport, after questioning Lion Air staff, I was told the flight was delayed by another two hours. When I mentioned compensation I was told wed get a snack after a twohour delay, a meal after a threehour delay, and after four hours compensation of 300,000 IDR per person  20 USD. I thought hed left a zero off the end. The flight finally took off at midnight. That means for a flight of 1.5 hours duration, we were delayed 4.5 hours. 
I use Shenzhen Airlines 2 time per week from Shenzhen to Jinjiang and back. Never, ever is this flight on time. Delay 1 hour, 2 hours, and last monday a delay of 3 hours. How is it possible? And there isnt other choice, this is the only flight available for to go and come back. Maybe this is the reason only this flight, only this airline and they think they can do what they want.
Druk Air the flag carrier and only carrier to Bhutans only commercial airport PARO is up to snuff. The 141 jets are dualconfigured and it is worth flying C class as I did from Delhi via Kathmandu and again from Paro to Calcutta if only to have better maneuvering for the quite incredible flightseeing of the Himalayas. The FAs are friendly professional the food service is adequate if bland reflecting the cooking of Bhutan perhaps the check in facilities are excellent and Paros terminal building is quite pretty almost folksy in a way. I look forward to flying DRUK again. The name means Dragon in Bhutanese for otherwise why would anyone choose such an unappealing sounding word at least to an English speakers ear? Druk does not cooperate in ticketing with IATA carriers and ticket costs are somewhat stiff. I doubt if the king of Bhutan will permit competition anytime soon.
THRISTTHR flights were on time. We flew an A300600 which were comfortable. The crews were friendly served us iranian dishes with good quality but the tea was cold and tasteless.
  Montreal to Cayo Coco. This was the worst flightcompany I have ever dealt with. On April 29th at 345am I get to the Montreal airport where I am to board the 7am flight to Cuba, Cayo Coco. Upon my arrival, I am told that the flight has been delayed to 950pm  when I left my house at 300am, the flight was still on for 700am. They told us that they were giving our plane to the flight for Cayo Largo that was supposed to leave the day before. All in all, we waited in Montreal airport for 19 hours. After a lot of arguing, Cubana Airlines hired Sunwing to take us to Cayo Coco. We had to wait in the plane from 11pm to 12h 30am because Cubana Airlines had to give a document to them.  Finally arrived to destinationhotel at 530am the next day. On our way back, Cubana was on time, no issues there. The issues however came up with the plane itself. It was the most decrepit plane I have ever seen and flown. I get to my seat, get my bagages settled, only to find that I can not actually sit in my seat without have the back of the seat lay down on the passengers lap that was sitting behind me. With a a lot arguing with the stewardess, they finally changed my seat they actually wanted me to sit there the whole time without resting my back. Get myself settled again, to only have someone comme up to me and tell me that this was their seat. This happened to me 3 other times  I finally get a seat that no one claims, but the plane was dirty. This plane looked like it had not been cleaned since its inauguration, it was just downright dirty. You get what you pay for, but seriously, this was beyond that. Never, ever again will I fly Cubana Airlines. 
  Flight was 2 hours late to get to Punta Cana. Flight was an hour late to board in Punta Cana. Trying to get any help in Punta Cana from Sunwing, they ignore us because they cant speak our language. Then on the plane, no entertainment at all. Last trip with another airline, there was a movie on to help with my stress of flying. They ran out of food so we had to eat crackers instead of an ok meal. Then at the resort, we were harassed for tours, over and over even after saying no again and again by the same Sunwing people. And then going to Grand Memories resort, we got told we could not be on the beach area because it was reserved to Royalton. So next time our trip will be booked with someone else. Flight attendants on plane all look grumpy coming back from Punta Cana.
  Singapore to Port Moresby. Given the limited choice available on the market to reach Port Moresby only Qantas and Air Philippines travel there I was forced to take Air Niugini. It was a very pleasant surprise. Plane was not too old, cabin was very decent, clean, entertainment somewhat limited but of reasonable quality. Food was ok, plane is almost always empty, which means lots of space also in Economy. Board personnel is not as shiny as you could see on Emirates or Qatar, but kind, gentle and professional. A surprise.
  Mumbai to London via Tel Aviv. This airline is the worse airline I have traveled. Theyll check you so much that while boarding you loose the enthusiasm of traveling anywhere. Theyll check your checked in baggage in a horrible way and your purses and other handbags theyll completely ruin it. They ruined my expensive bag, broke the zips completely when as instructed I kept my bag unlocked. I was travelling in a group. They lost the baggage of one of my colleagues and it came after 3 days. The flight was also late. If you get this airline at a cheap rate please skip it, youll save yourself and your baggage. I cant understand that Israel is so modern in terms of technology, they hardly dont know how checking is done in a less ruthless way.
 I commute quite frequently from Hong Kong to Beijing, either on the 5pm Cathay Pacific or the 6pm Cathay Dragon, and it is Dragon that offers better service in general from my experience. The meal is better, though again cabin staff no longer bother to greet members. What is better is the meal choice from Hong Kong restaurant dishes, but what is downgrading is the offer of a piece of cheap Hong Kong street cafe cookie promoted by a local actor unknown to international passengers wonder if this is advertising. The cookie is not tasteful and its distribution is below the dignity of business class and I note that on this flight they even have First class. But my dislike of the cookie does not deter me from flying this flight again.
  I strongly recommend not to use AirAsia India. I have to raise a very serious concern about baggage. On 21st May we two families landed Srinagar at 130 pm, out of our 6 bags 1 bag was missing on the belt, upon asking they said bag was left behind for scanning it will come in next flight, after several follow up they delivered the bag to , me at hotel but the bag lock was tampered, bag got damaged for which I have sent email to nodal officer but the reply I got from them was asking age of the bag, invoice of the bag, that means they can do this by compensating by age of the bag which I have used only 3rd time. 
Bangkok to Hanoi via Ho Chi Minh City. Received an email a few days before departure informing us our direct flight to HAN had no be routed through SGN commercial reasons we are told. Got to BKK, checkin wonderful with bags processed to SGN and transit boarding cards given to us also. Arrived in SGN anticipating a smooth transition to our next flight, but this was anything but. Turns out this airline dont understand the IATA definition of a transit flight, at all. Complete mess where we had to go through immigration, queue several times and check our bags in once again. On the positive side, we did have 4 beers and a delicious airline sandwich for about €5 onboard. Crew were pleasant enough.
  Worst airline ever, I paid for extra baggage and on the way back the check in service told me that they will charge me extra because they wont count the sum weight of my two baggage which is by the way less than the extra that i paid for. I even called their customer service before my flight and asked them if they will calculate both baggage together and they said YES on the check in they wanted me to pay extra and said a new rule was made one day before my flight date. I was never informed of the rule by email or message or any way. So not reliable at all, even in their own rules. 
Lyon to Annaba on Air Algerie yesterday. My father who lives in Annaba flies Air Algerie regularly on work and is absolutely fed up with the airline. At Lyon one corner had been allocated for Air Algerie checkin. It seems even the airport authorities have given up on that corner. A good amount of chaos. In the line before the immigration gate few Algerians broke the wire cordon jumped in and broke the queue in spite of being reprimanded by airport officials. Boarding was disorganized with no priority boarding for business class or for the elderly. Upon entering the plane I discovered that seat numbers meant nothing. My seat was occupied and the FA politely told me I could sit anywhere! Food was horrible. They ran out of water bottles and started serving water in glasses poured out at the back of the aircraft. The water had a fair amount of salt in it. Upon landing at Annaba it took us over an hour to get out of the chaotic airport despite having cleared immigration in 10 minutes. Basically the bags took that long to come out and this when the Lyon flight was the only flight that arrived at the airport that time...when we landed there was not a single aircraft other than ours domestic or international!!
  Boarding was on time but with buses, welcome was friendly and tentative. We departed on time. There was WiFi available on the flight and is free on Business Class. In Flight Service was nice and tasty. Breakfast was nice and coffee and mastiha drink was good they omitted the chocolate stick that they supposed to offer
  I paid MYR1100 for the flight from KUL to DPS via Jakarta, and the cabin crew made announcement onboard about they serve so called meal presented according to Covid19 SOP. We served only a sandwich and mineral water, and from Jakarta to Bali the same. I was hungry onboard and it wasnt a pleasant flight experience.
  Bangkok to Los Angeles via Seoul on Asiana. First time with this airline. My family and I were all very pleasantly surprised to the level of service, food quality, attention to details such as tooth brush and personal kit even in Economy. The flight attendant were all incredibly kind and helpful. Unlimited drinks and the food was delicious. My original business class AC flight was cancelled due to Covid. I had not flown in economy overseas in over a decade and was very apprehensive with the long distance. Not that I would fly economy again but if I had to, Asiana would be my first choice. Thank you for making this trip more pleasant.
PEKFNJPEK 1219 August 2014. Departed and arrived on time on both flights good FAs and great seats. Interesting airplane TU204 and very likely the first and last time I fly a Russian built plane not a lot operated where I spend most of my time. Flight to Northhard and bumpy landing. Back to Beijing was good  not so many turns and much smoother. Once we arrived in Pyongyang immigration took 10 mins and bags were delivered immediately. Im glad it all went well.
 What a horrible experience. 3 hours late leaving Boston with no communication. Cramped and unpleasant plane with no screens. Bus shuttle in to gate delayed us a further half hour. Then of course missed connecting flight. No customer service in terminal. They automatically rebooked us on a flight ten hours later though there was an earlier one they had promised. No customer support. Lufthansa no help because you booked with Condor. Stay away.
 This is European Business Class further in decline. My flights were from Heathrow to Tenerife via Brussels. While I checked in quickly, the boarding was a mess. There was a sign indicating priority boarding, but once announced, no attempt was made to navigate the economy passengers from the premium passengers queues. This meant a scramble with everybody rushing to board, which also meant delays. This happened on three of the four flights I took. Once on board, I noticed there was no curtain separation between the two cabins. Instead a small card with the sign Economy was stuck onto the third row seat indicating that it was economy class beyond that. It was so cheap and shoddy. The seating has a paltry 29inch pitch, with the middle seat empty  standard European configuration. After a long wait, we took off to Brussels, and a small unappetizing snack was served, with hot beverages in paper cups, and alcoholic drinks in a glass. The same routine followed on my return from Brussels to London. On the flights between Brussels and Tenerife, which were four hours and fifteen minutes, a hot meal was served both ways. One was overcooked pasta, and the other was a piece of chicken with mashed peas. Both were unappetizing. The wooden disposable cutlery made it difficult to cut the tough chicken. The only thing I enjoyed was the two pieces of Neuhaus Belgian chocolate presented in a little box. There were no refills for drinks offered and had to wait a long time for the trays to be cleared as the crew were busy selling food in the economy section. No smiles or any crew engaging with the passengers whatsoever, as they simply dumped the little tray of food on us. Several of us in business class had to use the call button to get a drinks refill  it was pathetic. This was like a bad lowcost airline with a tasteless meal thrown in. All four flights were delayed from 45 minutes to up to two hours.
 London to Moscow on brand new A350900. I must say Ive experienced one of the best business class hard products in the world. Amazing suits with doors, featuring a huge and easy to navigate IFE screen with lots of movies and music, super comfortable lieflat seat, lots of storage space, and great touches, such as a personal wardrobe, and a locker with a mirror. Staff were amazing, food was good although I think Aeroflot still has a room for improvement here, especially if it wants to become a 5 star airline, and ground service was quick and efficient. All in all, Aeroflots A350 is definitely above and beyond any competition from other European carriers.
  Ticket cancelled Automatically and refund not yet received. Very poor service, no one to answer customer service in UAE and called Indian number many time and wasted my money. I will never use Go Air service in my life.
 The check in was seamless and can not recommend it enough. It was the self check in. I was checked in online and you got and get your ticket, baggage label and take it to the belt. Again its also self service and was done in less than 5 mins, superb. Had a two hour delay which was annoy as I lost a lot of time due to this. Food was ok for a 1hour flight. Overall good service.
I flew business class with TAM recently from London to Sao Paulo and back. Fortunately this was paid for by the people who invited me to lecture in Brasilia because if I had been paying I would not have been happy. The seating arrangements were reasonable but the service was poor at best and the food was subeconomy standard on most airlines. The poor service include having to ask for most things and not being offered anything like drinks more than once several mistakes on the breakfast order nonavailability of several food items on the menus generally morose staff etc etc. This was really poor TAM  you are letting your country down and you need to get your act together with the Olympics looming fast!
  The flight from Heathrow to Kuala Lumpur was delayed because of luggage being topped up from connecting flight. Once I arrived in Kuala Lumpur i was running so fast to catch my next flight going to Manila. But when I arrived in Manila yesterday, my luggage are not there. Staff told me my luggage was left in Kuala Lumpur not to cause delay in the flight. They are proud of hospitality where is this value? I cannot seem to feel it now where you cause me more stress.
I have flown LanPeru into and out of Cuzco many times. My latest flight in December 2001 was memorable for what I consider to be a scam pulled on me by a LanPeru employee. The man thin around 40 about 55 dark hair to his shoulders came up to me in line  checked my ticket. I arrived about 75 minutes before my flight but the line was very long. I knew I could possibly not make my flight given the number of people in front of me. The employee told me not to worry he would talk with a supervisor  they would make sure I got on my flight. He proceeded to return to me several times each time with a lie that was bad news for me. He said that my ticket was cancelled because it had not been confirmed tho I did that myself the day before that a competing airlines flight had been cancelled so there were few seats available I later watched that flight boarding and that LanPeru Flight 36 was checking in ahead of me so I might not get on another flight out that day there is no such flight number and therefore would miss my connecting flight to the US. He told me again not to worry that his friend standing nearby in civilian clothes was a friend of the supervisor  could pull strings for me. Bottom line he set up a situation that didnt exist then asked for 50 soles for doing his job ie producing a boarding pass for me.
  This airline was once a premium choice but in recent years the management has basically imploded. Flights get cancelled all time and rebooked to terrible options without notice. On one single trip, we were rebooked 5 times on inward and outward flights and only after writing angry messages were we offered a normal alternative to a new flight that included two 6 hours layovers, which was supposed to have none. No food vouchers offered, you have to force them to do everything and therefore force you to become an annoying passenger for the unfortunate ground personell. Last but not least, our last flight was delayed by two hours and the only offered option instead of our actual transfer flight was to stay at the airport for 10 hours, again no offers of food or lounge without going to the counter and waiting in line for an hour. What took the crown was that our automatically rebooked flights and human rebooked flights were all still in the system with no tickets reissued. That meant that we were unable to check in, unable to reserve seats, unable to get the seats we payed for and altogether made it impossible for the lady at the counter to understand what was going on without calling KLM directly. The only thing they cared about at the gate was upgrading passengers that wanted to pay extra. They all had priority over the bunch of people with no seats.  Premium prices for budget service. Just do yourself a favour and pick any other airline.
New plane but limited legroom between seats. Flight departs right on time. For 1hr 30 mins flight refreshing tissues, full mealdrinks served quick and with efficiency. Cabin crew were mostly friendly but the options of meal given was Veg or Non veg which is not up to the standard of any national flag carrier, the least they could do was mention the food being served.
 From KUL to HKG, travelling by A330. The comfort of the seat is fine and the headrest can adjust to different angles. The width of the seat and the legroom is quite large. Although there are many films or TV for you to watch, the size of the personal televisions is very ordinary or even quite small 9 inches. The service of the crew is ordinary too. The meal is sufficient and they provide chicken pasta, salad, icecream, drinks and cookies.
I have just completed a round trip from Jersey to Geneva Christmas 2009. My journey both ways was very enjoyable. As someone who has no choice of airline to get out of France Dinard to the UK I have to use Ryanair the difference was startling ! Ryanair is not cheap if one has luggage so its not the price Im comparing its the service. To have all the extras in the ticket price makes for a very relaxed way to travel. I loved it and cant recommend highly enough.
I have flown several times with TA but rarely enjoyed the trip made worse by the lack of everything one associates with a decent air carrier. They dont have staff who can speak English no particular manners and in general they are rude. No information in English or HindiPunjabi on board or at Ashgabad. How one should know what to do or expect in term of time for board? I think they treat passengers with contempt and anger directed towards them I have witnessed the so call air hostesses being rude. As for the onboard entertainment the less said the better. They make all announcements in some language that not a single passenger understands  I know they sometimes have one air hostess who pretends to speak English but no one can understand as it simply isnt English! The occasional films they show are in Russian and always highly embarassing for Indians. Overall I would rate TA 2 out of 10. You may say why 2 when the whole service is so diabolical. Well they usually let you sit down in a sort of seat and if you dont ask for anything they dont hit you over the head. And also because usually flights are on time. Would you fly with this thing? Well as for me and all my friends and family I much rather take a Maruti from Birmingham to Amritsar if I had the time than subjecting myself again to this humiliation frustration insults and torture lasting almost 12 hrs.
  Tamarindo to San Jose. Absolutely horrible customer service. Just finished our first trip to Costa Rica and Nature Air was meant to be our flight out of Tamarindo to San Jose to reach our connecting flight returning to the US. The day before our flight they contacted me via email to inform me our flight had been cancelled and to reach out to them for my refund. No reason given and no options to resolve us getting back to San Jose. I have tried reaching out to them multiple times both by email and telephone and nothing. No help provided and I still havent received my refund!! Luckily the concierge at our hotel was able to find us ground transportation.
  I booked a roundtrip flight from Taipei to Jakarta. A few weeks after booking I received two emails stating the flights were canceled no explanation why. I figured they would automatically refund my fare so I waited a bit, they did not refund my fare. I emailed their customer service twice and never received a response so I called the phone number listed on the Batik Air website, that phone number took me to Malindo Air who then gave me the phone number to Batik Air. Once I was able to speak with a customer service representative, I was told since I was canceling the flight Id only receive a 90 refund. After explaining to her that the flight was canceled by the airline and that I felt I should not be penalized for a flight I didnt cancel, she told me it was company policy and I would only receive a 90 refund. Okay, silly, but I was over it, I just wanted some sort of a refund. She said the refund would be processed in 1530 working days. She then told me I needed to provide the full credit card number I used for the original booking, even though she had it. I had an issue with this request for obvious security reasons, but complied and gave her the number. After providing my credit card number, I figured all was good and settled  wrong. I was then told Id receive an email I needed to send them a copy of my Passport. Why I asked? She said it was company policy. One more questionable security violation, in my mind. Why do I need to provide them with the information they already have to refund an airline fare for a flight they canceled? Short story long, avoid Batik Air at all costs, there are better options available.
  I paid for my tickets to fly from Vancouver to Winnipeg on June 3rd at 08.00. I arrived at 06.00 to find out there was no flight and no Lynx Air agents to help. I had to book a new flight with Air Canada and they were awesome to deal with. I will never book with Lynx Air again and will now have to fight to get my money back!
  Melbourne to Devonport and return. Smooth flights in both directions. Online checkin worked well, as did the automated bag drop in Melbourne. Both flights were punctual indeed the return flight operated a few minutes early. Seats are a little narrow but otherwise fine for this short flight. On the outward, late afternoon, journey we got a large and varied snack pack along with a full drinks service so I snacked instead of snoozed my way to Tasmania. On the return, early afternoon flight the offering was a nice friande with tea or coffee. All in all QantasLink offer excellent service on this sector.
  I will never fly with this airline again. On 716, my husband and I were returning from a very much needed vacation from Montego Bay Jamaica and had a connecting flight from MIA to Boston. Upon the flight being delayed 4 times they eventually cancelled the flight all together leaving us confused because this is the first time weve experienced this issue. Lady at the desk told us to rebook at gate 14 so my husband and everyone else went to gate 14 only to find out we were in the wrong place. After waiting 3 hours in line we found out there would be no more flights from MIA to Boston until 2 days later. Both my husband and I were expected to return to work the following day yet now we are stuck in FL for 2 additional days. I went to another gate that had just boarded near by, a flight going to Rio de Janeiro, to ask if they knew where we could find our luggage and to my shock the 2 women behind the desk were talking trash about the people waiting in the now 5 hour line to rebook cancelled flights. I stood there as the 2 employees spoke to each other saying how the people standing in line are stupid because they are wasting their time because customer service wont help them and laughed about how they would be going home soon after their shifts. Upset I approached the woman behind the desk and let her know that I was one of the people standing in line and looked at me wide eyed as the other employee walked away I asked her if she could do something besides speaking on people she doesnt know and tell me where I can locate my luggage. She told me I would have to go elsewhere to baggage customer service and ask them and told me to please be patient and I replied just like I was now when she felt the need to make fun of people she doesnt know. I walked away and my husband and I went downstairs to find the baggage customer service and after waiting in line yet again for an hour, another employee walked over to tell everyone in line that we are wasting our time. He announced that all the baggage from the canceled flights were in back and no one is going through them because its too many luggage to go through. Everyone in line became very upset, some yelling at the employee asking what he meant. One man lost his mind telling the baggage guy that the people from upstairs sent him down here for his bags and the baggage guy told him that they only do ticketing and we do baggage and said they dont know what their talking about and no one from the canceled flights would be getting their bags. Angry I went up to the desk to ask if there was anyway possible to retrieve our luggage, we will now be in FL for 2 days without clothes and bags. Also 5mths pregnant, all of my clothes and other things were in my luggage. The lady at the desk told us she had no idea where our luggage is but she would put some note into the system so me and my husband would be able to pick up our luggage at the customer service desk in the morning. Upon searching for hotels for the night as I am pregnant and refused to sleep in the airport and of course everywhere near the airport was booked up. We found a hotel by luck and got there after 5am the next morning 3 more hours later after using Uber to get around town looking for available rooms. Next morning we went back to baggage only to find out the girls note was overridden and our bags were now in Boston so we had no luggage. How are we to be compensated for all the time and money lost dealing with the AA employees?
 I had my reservations after booking with Kuwait Airways when reading some of the reviews, but financially I thought yep itll be ok. We departed England on the 16 December, Heathrow terminal 4, the check in was quite frankly horrendous and the member of staff was abrupt, rude and mean, but I thought you pay the price you take your chance. After checking in and all the security checks we boarded our flight to Kuwait. The plane itself was fine, the staff very hit and miss depending on who you spoke to, footnote the entertainment system is standard and certain meals run out, mainly the chicken courses, but I kept thinking of the price. Arrived in Kuwait, 6 hours of nothing, quite possibly the most desolete airport of nothing. We were given a free meal consisting of a cheese roll, stodgy cake and an orange juice. Our connecting flight to Manila was again ok, again staff very hit and miss. Enjoyed our three week holiday and returned to Manila Ninnoy international airport for return trip on the 7 Jan 2019. The check in was very standard and annoying and yet more security checks after the security checks, the flight itself was ok but the staff are again vacant not caring, food again was what was left! Arrived in Kuwait for 6 more hours of deep joy followed by 2 lots of security checks, we were boarding while people were still being security cleared! Flight back to England again ok but all the same issues as before. My thoughts on Kuwait Airways? In my humble opinion dont use them, they seem to think the customer has no choice, a like it and lump it attitude, the planes clean and tidy yet the staff were aggressive and rude. My wife and two children have flown many times but this is the first time we all said never again with Kuwait Airways, the savings are there but if you value your common decency and self worth look elsewhere for your flight arrangements.
  One of the best things about AR is that they tend in my experience on 3 flights to leave on time or early. Boarding by zones is usually enforced and it works boarding starts early. Staff on board seem tired, are never wellgroomed and generally bored. Friends  other staff seem to be upgraded to Business class regularly on board. Catering is very basic usually  example Breakfast flight of 3.5 hours, leaving at 0510 served a cup of still water and a small health bar. No options like other menu for sale items. Crew disappeared after service. Cabin baggage seems to have no item number control but is weighed rigorously. Free checked baggage allowance is 15kg, unlike most other carriers throughout the world, and carryon is 8kg. This can be a trap for international guests who usually travel with around 23kg checked baggage allowance. Overweight is charged for on the spot.
  Cancel, delay, delay last minute every time we book with this airline. Delays that are hours long. Never a free ticket or offer. Im tired getting in after midnight and who knows on the way to the airport Im sure I will get a text there is another delay. I know its not weather related its just incompetence. Last time when we left out of New Haven they charged us five dollars to print our ticket. When we got home I after a delay I found the text that the plane was delayed 15 minutes after takeoff. So how could I have gotten my ticket on my phone when I was already on the plane. They are so cheap plus the lady at the ticket desk was rude. 
Miami to Curacao with Insel Air. The worst airline I had experienced so far. I am waiting to take a flight which was suppose to leave 5 hours ago. The staff dont speak good English at least good enough to work in an international airline company and I dont have idea why this flight is so late. I am wondering if Im going to take this flight, as they have changed the time 3 times already. I have 2 more connections that I am almost sure Im not going to be able to catch. I do not recommend this company.
  Nadi to Los Angeles. I checked in online and it was super easy, the flight was only 34 full and the seat next to me was empty for this 11hour flight. I get to the airport for baggage drop  I dont see the purpose of having that because the girl serving the counter was really slow, the business class line had been cleared and I dropped my bags there, and by the time I was done the girl at the baggage drop was still serving the same people as she was when I came in. The flight was delayed in boarding because their system was out, they then did boarding manually, but even then we managed to pick up speed and arrived on time. The cabin crew were once again the highlight of the experience, superfriendly, always smiling and making rounds of the cabin with drinks and water. Quite frankly the only reason I fly Fiji Airways is for the cabin crew, the ground staff have a lot to learn from them. The deboarding was delayed because there were issues with the aerobridge. 
 Cape Air canceled both of our flights between Saranac Lake, NY and Boston. And both of these Cape Air flights were booked to connect to international flights into and out of Boston Logan. They at least let us know about the cancellation of the outbound flight from Saranac Lake to Boston and moved up to a much earlier flight which left us with an 8 hour layover at BOS. But on the way home to Saranac Lake, they canceled our flight from BOS at the last minute while we were waiting at the gate. Their solution to cancelling our Saranac Lake flight was to rebook us into Plattsburgh a 1 hr drive away from Saranac Lake and book a driver to take us from Plattsburgh Airport to Saranac Lake airport where we had all left our cars. Sounds good but we got into the Plattsburgh Airport and there was NO driver. It was late, the rental car desks were closed. We were on the phone with Cape Air reps for over an hour  none of whom offered any solution. Finally, but sheer luck, a taxi driver pulled up to the airport and found us there. We had to hire him to drive us to Saranac Lake airport and pay the cost. Cape Air says to fill out multiple forms, attach receipts, etc... and they will reimburse us the taxi fare. Honestly, this was a nightmare. No one apologized.
I really hate this airline sometimes. No major beef with the aircraft I have only ever flown long haul on decent A330 aircraft but the organization of the airline is terrible. It is basically impossible to speak to anyone who knows what they are doing or that has access to necessary information. Three times now I have attempted to book either during reservation or after bassinet row seats or biz upgrade only to be told that it is all full up and not possible. You get to the flight and find empty seats. Furthermore they want to sell the bulkhead seats for 45 euros but will not prioritise for people with young children. So first come first served basically. On the upside in biz I ate the best food I have had on a plane for a long time. Good antipasti great pasta and decent second course meat as well.
  Everything was nice and fast until we got into the airplane. On speaker they said we will leave in 10min, but instead we waited for an hour to depart without any one saying why. So toilet for an hour was unavailable. Flight cost 300$ from Paris to Rga and airBaltic do not offer free glass of water. It just felt cheap for what I paid.
SOFCDG. Spotless E190 aircraft. I find its 2x2 layout very comfortable with leather seats. Departure slightly late but arrival on time. A sandwich for breakfast and a drink which is pretty standard nowadays. I would say it is 3star standard.
  Taipei to Houston. This was my home leg on a trip that started in Jakarta. Once landing in Taipei, only had less than one hour to make the transfer to the Houston flight so I was trying to walk as fast as I could. As is always the case our arrival gate was way way down from the transfer area, I thought it was a mile walk. As I approached the transfer area there were two employees of EVA Air announcing the Houston flight and I said I was going there, then they asked my name and I told them and to my surprise they handed me a new boarding pass that upgraded me to Premium Economy on the Taipei Houston flight. I was dumbfounded bue very appreciative of this gesture by EVA Air. I managed the transfer i and arrived at the airplane like 15 minutes before departure. Having tried the premium economy product before, I proceeded to settle on my seat for the long flight home. Shortly after take off we were served our dinner. The PM product has one additional serving of food, akin to an appetizer. All the food served was very good tasty and proper temperature, cold when needed to be cold and hot was needed to be hot. Service was flawless as it always has been for me with EVA. Shortly  after I slept for a while and missed the snack and then proceeded to watch movies and listen to music until landing. The second meal was also on point and I arrived rested and well fed in Houston. All in all this was my 6th trip with EVA and my 24th flight with them in 3 years and I have never been disappointed. I was very appreciative of the upgrades but my experience has always been great with this airline.
  Flew Jakarta to Batam with Batik Air in Business Class. Im was the only passenger in business class on this flight. They use Terminal 1 Soekarna Hatta to check in  but business class passengers get a small lounge in Terminal 1 C for Batik Business Class only. The flight was good. Take off was smooth, but landing was not due to bad weather in Hang Nadim Batam. The flight attendant was attentive since I was the only one in the business cabin. The meal they served was good, but a little bit salty for me. Overall its good  their price for business class is very competitive.
  Port Moresby to Hong Kong in December 2019. I was overweight on luggage. But the airport treatment I got, was traumatic. The power was off. The internet was off.  I either had to pay $800 or leave my bag behind. I wanted to pay the fine, but the power was off for hours. I could not change currency. I could not pay the customs, because they could not give me a receipt. I almost missed my flight.
 The checkin was a very long queue. The Air France lounge was very nice. Onboard no welcome Champagne. Aperif none. Drinks with the food were two mediocre wine bottles were ushered, one Cte du Rhone and the other was a bad Chilean wine. Our dinner was mediocre if not worse. The seats are  bad, the legs are in a very narrow tunnel which makes it impossible to turn your feetlegs. We could not sleep more that 2 hours. Then we were in transit in Delhi to catch the Vistara flight to Bombay. No Vistara lounge available and we had 4.30hrs transit time. We will never fly Vistara again in our life.
  Terrible experience due to inexistent customer service. I had booked online a flight Lima to Santiago then a second flight Santiago to Buenos Aires. On the day of my first flight, as I want to check in on Internet, I realized that my reservation was cancelled, without notice and without explanation. I called the service center through my hotel, they never picked up although I was calling during the announced opened hours. I went to the airport, the Sky airline counters repeated me they were unable to help me. I had to call the service center to deal with an internet purchase. Its a Peruvian number and I dont have a working cell in Peru. They told me my only option was to use public phones, which I did on my money, still without luck. The supposedly available customer service line never picked up. Because no one on ground could apparently help me, I eventually lost that flight. And obviously lost the second flight in this way, along with a couple of 100$. Needless to say, I couldnt cancel it properly because, guess what. The customer service, well, never picked up my call. I honestly never had such bad experience with any airline customer service. I am pending on potential partial refund of the second ticket.
  Kos to Birmingham. Massive thank you to Titan Airways for bringing us home from Kos, not only was it the smoothest flight I have been on but the cabin crew were the best too. Extremely professional. You are all stars.
  Terrible, always being delayed. Twice within a month apart our flight was delayed. We are currently sitting on the plane before take off, weve been sitting here for over an hour because of weather. If the flight wouldnt have been delayed we would have beaten the storm and taken off on time. Never again Sun Country!
 Hong Kong to Sapporo. As a long time Cathay flyer and Marco Polo club member 14 years, Im afraid to say its gone downhill. It used to be premium service. Now its just as expensive, but with old planes and staff that are polite but theres no caring or warmth anymore.
 Delayed 5 hours, then didnt take off for 1.5 more hours. No proper communication whatsoever. Ticket booking service wasnt informed about this delay, all calls to their customer support fail due to technical reasons. Flight crew is extremely novice, logistics for Lynx flights is non existent. This is the worst airline operating in Canada by a substantial margin. Avoid at all costs
  Doha to Berlin via Istanbul. I have flown with Pegasus airlines 3 times and out of the 3 times my Bag has been damaged twice and I have a strong bag, the bag was damaged in the corner which keep in mind is the strongest part of the bag. I have tried following up with them on this case however they have taken forever to reply and have not taken any care or shown me support they are nice to you however as the call is being recorded so they will be nice but show no effort in support towards me. I have been told that I was on the top of the list they always say that to keep you pleased however it has nearly been a week since they have replied with me being on the top of the list I am very unsatisfied with the treatment. I have also been sent or rather passed around in the airport as no one helped me, I was very tired from my flight so I headed home and continued via email which was my mistake. My father worked hard for the money he has earned and It has gona to waste as the bag has lost wheels and been cut open which resulted in some damage on the inside as well. I do not hope to see anyone get the same treatment as I did and wish you all the best. Thank you
  Paris to San Francisco, the aircraft was dirty, thetable was broken on my girlfriends seat, no inseat entertainment on long haul flights so be prepared to have a tablet or other form of screen support. Otherwise you can rent an IPAD from the airline however make sure you ask for one as you sit down since they dont have enough for everyone.. The inbound flight was just as dirty  this time no IPADs to rent as none had been charged up from previous flight, my seat was broken in the recline position and the armrests were broken. 
  Munich to Amsterdam. A shorthaul flight which is not much different than a regular Lufthansa flight. Level of cabin service is about the same but certainly good enough. Flight attendants were friendly and attentive. Theyve an inflight wifi system which offers games, newspapers etc. All in all, a great experience.
I had a 4pm flight scheduled from Boston Phoenix last Thursday that never took off until 8 because they couldnt close the passenger door. We wasted money waiting around for our delayed flight and the only compensation we had was one free alcoholic drink on the way over. Then on our return flight they couldnt find my fathers information and would not let him on the flight. He had to pay an additional 500 dollars to board and now has to wait to be reimbursed. Mark my words I will never fly this airline again.
  Algiers to Paris, the worst airline ever. Aircraft is old and dirty. Flight time was delayed and postponed. The check in process at counter is very slow. The only efficiency thing is their system down time. The staff is not well trained etc.
 Aircraft had her years but was well kept. Friendly welcome, seat was standard business with pillow, blanket and amenity kit with slippers. Unfortunately, there were no pajamas. In the side socket were the earphones. There was no inflight magazine due to covid. Also there was no Menu but the crew came and explains what they can prepare for us and I made my selection. I asked for wine list but she said she will present them to me with the carriage. After while another member of the crew came with the warm towel. IFE was good, screen is big enough and the selection of the movies was a little outdated. There was no wifi option due to aircraft? After departure, service started. First arrived the nuts with appetizes and champagne. Then the first plate was a macaroni salad with chicken. My main dish was served which I had selected fish and she presented me the wines. I picked red because I like, should pick white with fish. Two members of the crew came to bring the fruit with cheeses and I had to pick a red strong wine. Finally dessert with coffee and brandy was served. After that had to check the lavatory and get ready for nap. By the time I returned, my seat was turned to a bed and bedding was set for me. A bottle of water arrived to follow me to sleep. I played with the IFE and soon I was snoozed. One hour before arrival they start awakening the passengers to ready them for the second serving. It was tasty with flavor of Thailand. Another warm towel arrived and we were ready for landing. Everything was pleasant and relaxing. Great service. Excellent crew.
 I fly regularly with BMI to places in Germany. But every time there are changes in flight times. I had booked a return flight to Hamburg from Bristol. My flight to Hamburg was booked for Thursday 25th May and ETD was 16.50. When I checked in online the day before, I found out that my ETD had changed to 18.15. I hadnt received any info about this. My return flight to Bristol was originally booked for Monday 29th May at 10.30. A few weeks after my booking, the return flight in the morning was cancelled and the new departure time was 19.55. A week before my flight this time was changed to 21.20, so this was the 3rd change for a flight on the Monday. And then of course there was a delay and the ETD of my flight back to Bristol 23.00 At the end of March I had another return flight booked from Bristol to Dusseldorf. While in Germany, I received a text message that my return flight had changed from the Monday evening to the Tuesday morning so I had to stay another night in Germany with extra costs. I have emailed and phoned BMI, but until today no results. Two years ago a flight from Munich to Bristol was cancelled the night before, however nobody was informed. My return flight to Bristol was scheduled for 06.45 in the morning. After a ride of 2.5 hours I arrived at the airport at 05.00 in the morning, only to find out that the flight was cancelled and nobody knew why. I have tried to get compensation of BMI with no result. That flight times change is not the first time with BMI. Unfortunately, I already booked several flights with BMI for the whole year. I now am going to look for flight with a stop as they are more reliable then flying with BMI. The most unreliable airline in my point of view.
Dublin to Paris CDG. Business Class on Cityjet RJ85 the middle seat is left empty. In fact there were only a few business passengers on the flight, so each passenger had an entire row of seats. The RJ85 is renowned for being very quiet, and the flight was most comfortable. Within the limitations of operating Business Class simply by putting a curtain up to separate from Economy, the service was fine. FAs all Irish were all friendly and relaxed. A light breakfast was served, and coffee was topped up as required. I booked Business Class only because I was connecting to a long haul flight, and there was no option to book C for long haul and Y for the short connection. Otherwise, it would hardly have been worth the extra money simply to get breakfast and to ensure I had noone in the seat next to me. But the service was good, the breakfast was basic but fine, and I have no complaints.
  I have traveled Porter many times from their inception. I have seen them grow and have participated in my of their growing pains. I was also very thrilled with the level of service I received and was impressed by the friendliness of the Air Hostesses. The ground staff  though not always pleasant were never rude. The reason for my review this time is the appalling Basic Economy Structure I was surprised with. They charge you $39.40 or something when you try to check in. This should have been made clear when I first booked the ticket and should not have been a surprise item. This was particularly painful because I had the onward journey with Air Canada and the return with Porter. With the new facelift of the terminal Porter niceties are gone  like free coffee and cookies etc. Now a breakfast sandwich costs $15.99. I am all for paying for convenience but this in my opinion is a ripoff. I am happy to note the rest of the service remains the same.
 As a 1st time customer I was very disappointed with the poor service I received at the Orlando Airport. The agents are very unprofessional, very rude and dont take the time to properly outline important information. On arrival to the airport I was left to find my way around the airport, the staff told me they cant move to help me to check in, the machines were not scanning the information. On checking in I was not aware that flying Frontier the weight limit was 40lbs. I was of the belief that all airlines was under 50 pounds. I was not allowed to reorganize my bags I was demanded to pay over 600us for 4 bags. If I was told on entering the counter that the weight is 40lbs I would have restructured my bags, the staff was rude pay now, give me your credit card, bullying me without giving me the information forehand that the limit was 40lbs. I will not recommend anyone to fly Frontier and the flight over 20 seats was empty. I would prefer signs posted in the airport to share information with customers. The plane did not even offer water and I was traveling with 3 small children. No form of entertainment for passengers flying nothing. A waste of money traveling and being treated like dirt.
AKLPPTLAXPPT in economy May 2014. Air Tahiti Nui only have five A340 aircraft. We flew on three of these  all were different experiences. The first leg AKLPPT was on Moorea which had an upgraded interior and felt very new and fresh. Leg room seemed adequate for economy however as others have said previously the seat designer should be sacked! The head rest is not ergonomic at all and causes discomfort. The is also no lumbar support. I packed the seat back out with pillows to help. The crew were young friendly and worked the cabin non stop. Food on all flights was edible if not slightly odd  the seat designer must have had input in the menu as well. Entertainment on demand comprised of about 10 of movies some recent releases and TV shows. The second flight an 8.5 hr overnight flight from PPTLAX was on Nuku Hiva. This aircraft was also retrofitted with the new interior however it felt older. tired and there was a noticeable decrease in leg room despite us being in the same seat number on both flights. The crew were a bit surly and disappeared after trolley service. Again the seats werent that comfortable due to the awful head rest and lack of leg room. Our third flight overnight from LAX to PPT was on Bora Bora which has yet to have its interior retrofitted. The seats were much more comfortable than the newer version in economy as they lacked the offending head rest but the entertainment is on the old loop system rather than on demand. Would I fly them again? Only if the price was right we scored half price tickets  you only get what you pay for!
  Flew from Melbourne to Bangkok in what Jetstar deceptively market as business class. There was one business class checkin counter, staffed by a trainee under instruction. The trainee looked like he had never seen a computer before and was receiving detailed instruction, key press by key press. Average processing time was about 1520 mins per passenger, so even though only 4 people in the queue ahead of me, waiting time of over an hour to be served. Most of the people behind me gave up in exasperation and tried to find other ways to get on the plane before it took off without them Had plenty of time to observe the interaction of other staff between themselves and with customers. Their demeanor, professionalism and concern for customer satisfaction approximated what I would expect from prison inmates on day work release. The seats were in a 232 configuration and on any other airline that I have flown on would be described as premium economy. On my seat the recline and footrest buttons were jammed and inoperable. I would say Royal Jordanian Airlines is ahead and shoulders above the shambolic experience Jetstar deliver up. 
  I am really disappointed with international travel with Air India from London Heathrow to Delhi. there is no any improvement in flight comfort. Every time their video display are not working and very rarely its starts all of sudden and again stop working in between. No provision of headphones. Seats are not at all hygienic and not kept clean. Restrooms cleanliness not maintained its too unhygienic.
  First time in Business Class on Air Berlin from Chicago to Berlin. Seats are lie flat but quite narrow, and also short on length. In the flat position I had to bend my legs or have feet jammed against the end of the seat. The crew, food and drinks, and onboard service was very good. Would definitely fly them again.
  Bacolod to Cebu. Check in staff was more on talking to each other despite of long line of passengers, you can see theres no sense of urgency or organization lots of check in staff but it seems theyre not interested in lessening the queue of passengers. Aircraft is clean, though its just a 25 mins flight, the flight attendants cared more on their own personal conversation than checking with passengers if they even wanted water!
  I have no response from Malaysia Airlines from my initial 30 December complaint. I purchased a seat prior to 25 December departure 8F, at check in I was handed a boarding pass with 7F and in addition, the check in rep told me seat was 13A according to a popup. I explained I paid for 8F though. She said she couldnt explain why so told me to go to the service desk. I went there and the rep said I was moved to allow a family to sit together. I wasnt asked, I was just moved, twice. Of course I wouldnt wish to split up a family if they had young kids. On all my complaint correspondence no response I always attach my boarding pass 7F and my itinerary with 8F. Has been 3 times Ive contacted them in 52 days. All Im asking for is a refund of seat purchase. I paid unnecessarily as I wasnt given what I paid for. Why wont Malaysia Airlines respond to me? They took money from me and now avoiding me.
  While booking they claimed I could earn miles on American Airlines. When I went to airport, on my boarding pass they gave me a boarding pass which clearly indicated that they used my American Frequent Flier number. But when I did not see miles on my American account, I contacted American who informed me that Gulf is not their partner. I contacted Gulf many times regarding this and they never replied. Either they are grossly incompetent or complete frauds.
  I have been flying with AirAsia Philippines for a number of times, and also a member of their loyalty program. I said that because I have been used to their flights being delayed that its no longer an issue for me. This trip Manila  Cebu  Manila was no exception as both flights were delayed. However, I will still give them a better score as the other factors was generally OK. From their online booking, to their online check in, to their ground staff, to their cabin crew, all were excellent. I havent had a bad experience from them. I just hope that they will be placed in a better airport in Manila, this is not their fault.
A big thank you to staff of Skywest Airlines at St. George Airport and on flight DL7393 Wednesday, May 18, 2016. My age related reduced mobility and endurance makes travel more difficult than in past years and I had dreaded this flight. However, Skywest staff made it one of the easiest flights I have had in years of travel. The male attendant in the boarding lounge saw my cane and luggage and without my asking came to me and asked if I would like help which I accepted gratefully. On boarding the female flight attendant also immediately took my luggage and placed it for me. On deplaning a male staff member offered to handle my luggage and proceeded to get me through the arrival lounge and to a wheel chair where I was taken all the way to the outside taxi stand. Given that the Skywest lounge at SLC airport is far removed from the baggage claim and taxi stand, this was more than just a convenience. I was able to arrive home without being exhausted. Kudos to the above mentioned Skywest staff  a team of champions. 
  The system was down when I was trying to cancel it within the 24 hour window. By the time I was actually able to cancel it, the 24 hour window had passed, so I wasnt refunded. Who can I speak to about this. This was not my fault. Even an agent from Orbitz was trying to cancel it but the Frontier online system was down. This is not fair at all. I have the call log and everything. I did everything correctly on my end, therefore I dont think its fair that I have to give up $93.98 for something that is not my fault. Orbitz said that Frontier has to be contacted about it and they cannot do anything on their end. I contacted Frontier and they canceled the flight but accessed an undeserved penalty which cost more than the flight itself. 
  Denpasar to Kuala Lumpur. Malindo is the worst airline Ive ever had to deal with! Our flight was supposed to be at 1225. Got there early, waited in a very long line for an hour only for them to tell us theres no more seats because the checking attendant wasted another hour on her phone to check about my passport. They put us on another flight leaving at 1525 that was supposed to leave from gate 2. We get there to board and they have no clue where are real gate is supposed to be. We figure out that now it has been changed to gate 6A when in fact the flight from there is leaving for another destination. Here we are 30 mins past our second flight time and still no idea what time our plane is going to start boarding! 
  Vancouver to Zurich. I was a little sceptical about travelling on a Leisure airline longhaul even in Business class part of a roundworld fare. Edelweiss Air proved me wrong. Great cabin crew, a great aircraft with full flat beds. Great food. Trouble free journey.
 Constant mechanical problems which is a huge concern. Both flights to and from flight were delayed several times due to mechanical problems. Initially supposed to take off at 9 AM and was delayed 34 times. We did not take off until 1 PM. The return flight boarded on time but we are stuck on the plane delayed, taxiing back to the gate for the second time due to a second engine problem.
  This was a nightmare and the most horrible airline Ive ever taken in my life. Unfriendly staff. Customer care is zero. Whatever I asked for wasnt done. I needed my seat switched so the crew told me to go look for a seat. Passengers were pretty annoyed of me asking around when she shouldve done that herself to avoid this. Asked for couple things its either not available like tissues or a mask? Food is terrible. Flight was late so now I will be missing my connection.
  I had paid for my baggage over the phone i have my credit card charged but they never entered it in their system and I had to pay for the baggage again. Now Ill have to spend time to dispute it and may not get refund. It appears Canada does not have a decent airline. I try to avoid traveling as much as possible
 I have a broken foot and using crutches. I did not reserve a wheelchair but when i arrived in Newark and saw 5 wheelchairs unused by the gate I asked if I could use one. The United people declined my request. Then when I asked a United person wheeling an empty chair she also declined. For this I think United lacks kindness for handicap people.
  I travelled on holiday to Egypt with 3 family members the bad service started with our arrival at Cairo airport on Saturday morning 25 June 2022 as it took over an hour and a half for our luggage to arrive. Two weeks later we were booked to fly from Hurghada to Cairo on Friday 8 July 2022 our flight leaving at 840 pm, no announcements were made save for information displayed on the television in the departure lounge regarding the delay of all flights.  As our connecting flight out of Cairo was scheduled for 220 am Saturday morning you can understand our stress. The local Egyptair representative also had no idea of the terms regarding the tri party alliance which exists as we found out that we could book our flight from Hurghada through Cairo onto Ethiopia and then to RSA. He did allow us to change our boarding passes and also changed the information on our luggage to be booked through to RSA. Once in the air we asked the steward to please announce once we arrive at Cairo to allow all passengers with connecting flights to be allowed to disembark first. Needless to say this didnt happen and on arrival a free for all ensued which meant this priority did not take place. When questioned the steward rudely snapped that her script didnt allow for our request to be made and justified her stance stating that she doesnt own the runway. Once on the bus a lady collapsed to the floor causing great concern amongst fellow passengers, logic would suggest the bus driver should get the patient to the terminal as quickly as possible to receive medical attention. However the driver obviously didnt see the urgency of the matter and rather chose to get out the bus and go and chat to his friend while chaos rained, he then got back into the bus and we thought he might now have realised the severity of the situation but then decided he hadnt finished his chat and got out again to carry on his conversation with his friend on the tarmac. The plane had landed at 0105 am thanks to no other bus being available we were eventually dropped off at domestic arrivals 55 minutes later at 0200am. The pressure to make our flight at 0220 am was immense however I am relieved to say by mere minutes we made the flight to Ethiopia. No surprise that our luggage wasnt on the flight and it took a agent in RSA to trace and return our luggage. Our experience could be taken on board and used for training to improve the entire Egyptair service package. Given that the globe is trying to recover post Covid and the fact that tourism was probably the hardest hit airports and flying is the first impression tourists encounter.
I have traveled 6 times between New York and Paris over the last two years have found the airline reliable the crew to be friendly and efficient.
  I purchased two tickets to ensure I have comfort and room to spread out. Got through Atlanta fine, they gave me my ticket but there was an issue at the gate which was resolved. Arrived in Doha and everything went smoothly from there to KL. On the return flight I was delayed hours before they reprimanded me for purchasing two tickets, as that was against their regulations. My ticket and my trip were deleted from the app and had to be redone at the airport, with the trip never reappearing on my app nor the option to review them. Arriving in Doha, the ticket had to be redone a second time and I was forced to show them receipts for my purchases. Flights were enjoyable but I will never fly them again. 
  Shanghai Hongqiao to Lanzhou. As a Skyteam Elite member I could use the priority checkin counter and priority security lines. It was very wonderful. The service of cabin crew was just at the standard level. The meal was simple, and the kind of the drinks was not enough. The seat was comfortable.
 Boarding at Mumbai was chaotic and badly organised. Once on board the crew announcements were professional, relaxed and informative in typical BA style. The seat was quite comfortable. It was a refurbished aircraft and the padding and materials are quite good. I was lucky that the middle seat was empty so I didnt suffer from the new narrow seat which I think would have made it a lot less comfortable. The IFE is excellent, responsive and good quality. There is an enormous selection of TV and movies and a good number of games. WIFI is also very good not quite Netflix quality but still reasonable and I dont think £17.99 for full flight is bad value. You can pay less if you just want short term simple messaging. Cabin crew were very good. Friendly and efficient. Catering was reasonable although on a near 10hr flight, the small but tasty pastry for the second meal service wasnt really enough. Landing and processing at Heathrow was astonishingly quick  it felt like it was 3am, even though it was 630pm! No queues or waiting at all. Even the baggage was super quick at coming through. Overall a very solid experience in economy. Significantly better than it used to be.
Monastir to Gatwick. The aircraft was an absolute disgrace. I was given a broken seat 6C and the very unhelpful crew finally offered me a seat at the back. The trays were broken my armrest was falling off and the toilets were in a disgusting state. The crew are not interested in customer service. There was no milk for the coffee. If planning to travel to Tunisia do not travel by Karthago. They have no concept of customer service including the ground staff who had no courtesy to keep us informed about the 4 hour delay we had. No apology or explanation given. Had I read the other reviews on this site I would have never booked my trip to Tunisia. By far the worst experience I have ever had and my husband and I couldnt wait to get off the plane.
  Beijing to Hong Kong with Cathay Dragon, and Hong Kong to Singapore with Cathay Pacific. I am critical of airlines who dont provide good service and it is a rare treat to report about a level of unrivaled service. They are not the newest fleet, the timekeeping out of China is affected by airspace controls but their service makes up for all of that. Good staff, good food and a genuine attitude to provide customer service.
  Bucharest to Hamburg. I flew for many years with Blue Air, but the services, cleanliness, staff and aircraft are getting worse. As well, the prices are going up, but without seeing any improvement. My last flight was the worst possible, starting from checkin staff  ou cant do any online checkin for most of the flights to Germany. As usual, politeness isnt something that their staff is able to show. But this time the lady was super rude, and refused to answer some of my questions. She asked me at imperative to squeeze my purse in the trolley, Ive done my part, then I went through the security checks, duty free and I ended up at the boarding desk. Then Ive noticed that my ticket was marked with a exclamation mark. I ended up at the boarding desk with my purse out i needed my wallet. Then the lady from the desk started shouting at me you cannot board, you were told to put your bag in. I explained why I have it out and the lady continued yelling at me. It was embarrassing.  The plane was filthy, dirty toilets, poor service. This was last time for me when I will allow them to treat me like this.
  Having never flown on this type of aircraft before I was appalled at my journey yesterday. The seats are super tiny, think child size but squeeze an adult into them. Im not a large person at all, 5ft 4 female but was squashed in between two large guys, one who insisted on typing on his laptop most of the journey and continually invading my space with his armselbows. Refreshments are not very forthcoming and I had to keep asking for water, which when it arrived was half a paper cup. Food was disappointing. The only saving grace is that i didnt get my upgrade to business offer accepted and waste more money as these seats also looked well past their sell by date. Overall, extremely disappointing and wont be in a rush to fly Etihad again.
LIMSCL Economy. Overbooked flight some of us were left out. No LAN lounge at this airport using the airport one. Good options for snacks and drinks. Boarding by rows by they left us almost 20 min on the bridge waiting to board. Plane ok good legroon in economy nice FA and service on this 3hr flight to Chile. They serve a full meal and drinks. Movie on the overhead screens. Once in Santiago bags short on belt.
  Aeromexico just kicked us out of the plane right at the plane door, eventually, we are done boarding check and have a ticket on hand. Its unbelievable! Our flight from Mexico City to Vancouver on July 3, 2022 , flight number Am694, we are a couple. The flight was supposed to take off at 130 am July 3 but they delayed until 6 am. It means we already waited here for 4,5 hours  the whole night for the flight. At the boarding time, they just pulled us back and said that they need to check our passports, so we had to wait at the boarding station for 10 mins for their checking. We didnt know what they were doing, then we were released for heading to the plane. When we were about to get into the plane, right in front of the plane door, one of the staff just stopped us and said that he need to check if there were available seats for us. We did our checkin 14 hours ago and we got a ticket here, we got the seat number here and you did the checking, what do u mean u need to check if there were available seats for us. We waited there for another 10 mins and they just shut the plane door, right in front of us, left us there and the plane took off. We were so shocked by what was happening and couldnt believe what they did. The manager came and said that there was an error in our reservation so they could not let us board the plane. They will transfer us to the next flight without any other explanation. And we had to wait here another 3 hours for the next flight. They gave us business class tickers for the next flight but we didnt need them, we had been in the airport for 11 hours already and we will have to be back to work right after the flight. When we backed to the boarding station, they already issued new tickets and already took our checkin luggage out of the plane. We guessed that they took our seats and gave them to ppl who missed their last flight or whatever. We didnt know the real reason. Aeromexico, they just shut the plane door in front of us, left us there, and took off. Wow! We were so shocked and mad at what was happening. The reason they gave us is a reservation error, the machine couldnt read our ticket Qcode. That was not our false and they checked our passport twice, which means if there was something wrong they should have known abt it. They just did it to us for an unacceptable reason and didnt care about if we accept it or not. Such a terrible experience! This is my first time with AeroMexico and also will be the last time. You never know the feeling until they do it to you! Hopefully, my sharing can let u consider not booking this airline  a terrible service!
  I was meant to be flying with Wizz Air back from Athens until we were told it was operated by Titan Airways. However it was a pleasant surprise to climb aboard a Titan aircraft. The staff were extremely professional and incredibly helpful. I would happily fly again with them.
  Udon Thani to Bangkok. Never fly Thai Lion Air. When booking pre paid baggage on the Thai Lion Air website we could not complete the booking due to errors on there site. When arriving at the airport, Thai Lion Air wanted to charge us 1000 for checked in baggage 300 Baht per kg. When we showed them evidence screen shots that their website did not allow us to book they still insisted there was nothing they could do. Greedy , Unhelpful money grabbing company. 
I have flown for over 50 years and have been to more than 60 countries this is the worst airline I have ever flown on. The gate attendant asked us to give up our seats window aisle and aisle seats for a family wanting to sit together and if we did they would upgrade us. To our surprise our new seats were in the middle of the middle row at the back of the plane. The inflight entertainment computer left me with little foot room while blowing hot air on my feet. The IFE for everyone on the flight was out of order. All food and beverages other than coffee or tea was room temp. Only one alcoholic beverage wine only for the flight was allowed this was served with your dinner. No ice for drinks. I tried to move to one of the last two rows 18 seats that were empty but I was not allowed due to fact that 4 flight attendants were sleeping. The flight attendants locked the bathroom by the galley for their own use. The other bathrooms ran out of toilet paper and degraded into something worse than a porta john after an outdoor concert on a 100 degree day. After some time a flight attendant brought 2 rolls of TP for 6 bathrooms and gave the rolls to the last person in line. The flight attendants somehow could not understand English if you asked a question but they could speak English if they demanded something from you.
Flew Nok Air from Chiang Mai to Bangkok having to make an international connection at Suvarnbhumi after landing at Don Muang on Feb 16, a few days after their pilot strike. Host of problems flight moved from 1045am to 1115am, aircraft changed from a singlebody to wide body airline changed to Nok Scoot, consequently took far longer to fill and far longer to load luggage, flight ultimately leaving at 1240pm on arrival at Don Muang the airbridge would not work and it took half an hour to disembark get onboard a bus which wound its way to the terminal, the luggage took 40 minutes to arrive. During this entire time I am biting my nails because I had to transfer from one airport to the other and the shuttle bus takes between 112 to 2 hours and I was in danger of missing my international flight. By the time I collected my luggage there was no way to make my connection at Suvarnbhumi had I used the shuttle and I had no choice but to take a taxi and tell the driver if he made it in 35 minutes I would give him 1000B. He did, and I made it with 10 minutes to spare before the check in counter closed. My return to Chiang Mai BkkCM is for March 4 at 1900. I found out yesterday, February 25, that all Nok flights in March leaving Bangkok after 1700 have been cancelled. Since my incoming flight to Suvarnbhumi comes in at 1500 there is no way for me to make an earlier flight. All efforts to contact Nok by email have resulted in no reply. Calling Nok from India where I am now results in being put on endless hold and it costs about 19B a minute. Have used Nok 68 times a year, for more then 10 years, on this route and have rarely found any fault. However, the proof of an airlines worth is how they perform in a crisis  in this case some of their pilots being on strike  and here Nok fails miserably. I finally ended up buying a ticket on another airline and at more than twice the cost. I would, however, continue to recommend this airline. Hope the next time they have a crisis they perform better.
  I attempted to book a ticket online to travel from Dubbo to Sydney late 292020, for a 392020 flight. It was indicated that there were no seats available for the 392020 flight, so I booked for 492020. My Sister was dying in the Martor Hospital in North Sydney, and her Family called me 392020 to say she was in a critical condition. I phoned Rex, and spoke to a lovely Customer Service person. This person could see that I had tried to book online 292020, and said even though she was not supposed to, that she would change my flight from 492020 to 392020. Thanks to this wonderful person, I was able to be with my Sister before she passed on 492020. If I had taken the 442020 flight, my Sister would have passed before I got to say goodbye. I very much appreciated this kind gesture.
  Darwin to Brisbane. Was hesitant about flying with them but given how cheap the tickets were, I decided to give them a go. Overall couldnt fault them. We left on time, landed early and had no dramas despite it being a full flight. Service was what I expected, courteous and polite. I am a larger person so the seats felt fairly tight but I expected this and it wasnt too bad. There was no wifi or onboard entertainment but I had my own iPad and had downloaded movies for the trip so didnt mind. Would I fly with them again, absolutely, especially with how cheap they were compared to other carriers.
  Flights are new, clean  crew members are wearing Covid19 PPE kit. I  my wife had Vistara tickets in the same flight segments. I booked my India portion of the ticket online through Vistara website. But my wifes ticket was booked through a different agent. On Oct 3rd, we arrived at Baggage dropoff ticketing counter at at 605AM. Our flight departure was scheduled for 700AM. At the Baggage drop counter, they didnt accept my baggage  but took my wifes luggage  placed in the weighing machine. The agent in the counter informed me that the Baggage dropoff counter just got closed  I am late. I asked how you are taking her luggage, the agent told because she is having international ticket. My wife didnt want to take the 700AM flight alone. So she took her luggage off from weighing belt. The checkin counter manager then advised us that, they would able do a complementary accommodation in next immediate flight  advised us to go to sales counter there  inform about this. We both went to Vistara customer service sales counter in Terminal3. However the service representative there said that next flight I can take is at 550pm not 1110 am. But she didnt confirm my ticket  instead asked to wait. In the meantime my wifes ticket was confirmed to 550pm flight by the booking agent. My ticket was still not confirmed until 12 noon. At this time the sales representative asked me to book a new ticket instead  pay the full price. I informed the representative that I was advised by checkin area manager that I would get a complementary adjustment in next flight. She asked me to bring the checkin area manager to sales counter which I couldnt do. By 1 pm, I went back to sales counter  wanted to pay the full price to book the ticket. At this time, the sales representative said there is NO ticket available to BBSR on 550pm and advised me to take next day flight.  I informed the counter that there is available ticket showing online.  I went ahead and booked it using Vistara.com website by paying full for 550pm. But accidentally the first name in the new ticket was my wifes first name instead of my first name. 
  My wife travelled on 6th may to Cochin to Auckland via Dubai. In checkin counter, they weighed even laptop bag also and she faced to pay around 27500INR for extra weight and spent around more than 2 hours in the checkin counter. Even if its as per the guidelines of airline this is the first experience we faced such a value less service. We travelled several air lines including low budget, they will not add the laptop in luggage weight due to their dignity. We saw number of persons facing the same. We didnt expected this type squeeze of money from Emirates
 Pathetic service. Changed direct flight to Connecting flight without any intimation. Cabin crew and Ground support team had no clue with what was happening. 5 hrs flight was delayed by 2 hours. Complete mismanagement.
Flight SJ099 from TKGCGK was planned at 16.40 local time. Then my wife received short message informing that the flight will be delayed to 17.15 without any reason. We arrived on the TKG airport at 16.15 and my wife checkedin. The staff at checkin counter informing again that the flight will be delayed to 17.40. My wife then waited at the lounge and another announcement sounded another delayed flight for SJ099 to 18.40. The delay was going through 19.15 when my wife was finally boarding. The good thing was they informed about the delay the worst thing was the delay itself.
  Perth to Mauritius. Travelling with Air Mauritius was a nightmare. Need to upgrade to better planes, uncomfortable seat, my lunchmeal was unsatisfactory. Flight supervisor not professional, no smile, with attitude, the other attendants were all amazing.
  The new A350 and A330 cabins were nice, PAL also offers decent food but overall service was lacking from ground experience to cabin crew and transfer. I will not recommend anyone to fly with PAL until they get their operations and training right. Our transit experience at MNL to MEL was utterly unpleasant. PALs ground staff failed to communicate what is required of transit passengers in advance and made us go around in circles, doing unnecessary processes and had a horrible surprise at the boarding gate when we were told that we need to go to another location to have our checkin bags opened up for inspection just before our flight. It is also unacceptable that some crew on PR508 flying from SIN to MNL on 8 June was sleeping on the Premium Economy seats, even thought the cabin was empty. PAL, once again changed our flight timing from MEL to MNL on 18 June and changed the A330 from the refurbished cabin to their older product with a terrible 222 configuration with no IFE on board and seats with different height. What doesnt make sense is that they allocate me and my partner to sit separately, across the aisle despite having the same booking. The business class cabin is very full and we dont have any option to even select a side by side seat. It is unacceptable for such arrangements by PAL for their premium customers and undeserving 4 star airline rating.
  I understand most of the people do the check in online in order not to stay in lines in the airport, however now there is another reason. The check in in the airport cost extra money. In my case it cost the same amount as the flight ticket. Its not the fact that I paid the money which annoys me the most, its the fact I was not informed, let me decide if I want to pay that or not.  When I asked at their office why there is no notice, they replied that we should be the ones who research online about this, I feel like I was scammed. 
  Good experience of early morning flight, smooth on time boarding. Seats are ok, better than LCC in India, staff were courteous. God breakfast served along with teacoffee, arrived on time.
  I was extremely impressed with this flight, the best Ive been on yet. the whole cabin is in pristine condition, the meals were wonderful! The bathrooms were always kept extremely clean which I find is uncommon on airplanes. The movie and entertainment selection was unmatched! Only complaint is how little the chairs recline. Other than that, best flight Ive ever flown.
Cabin crew on this airline seem not to care at all about security on board. I have recently flown domestic from Ashgabat to Mary and the person seated in front of me refused to put his seat into the upright position for takeoff and landing. Even though I asked a flight attendant to intervene she asked the gentleman in vain to comply with security instructions but finally gave up and just walked away. I had to call her again tell her I would report her and the gentleman in front of me to the police after landing until she asked the purser to show up and solve the problem. Another gentleman came back 2 times from the washroom smelling of cigarette. It was so obvious he had been smoking. No one said a thing.
Birmingham  Bangkok via stopover in Tehran. Fairly basic service but courteous and attentive staff checkin good both ways. No PTV entertainment in economy just one large screen showing various poor quality Iranian films and documentaries. Food questionable quality but plenty of nonalcoholic drinks. Most passengers appeared to be travelling either to Iran or onwards to India and similar think we were the only Europeans going to Bangkok. Stopover in Tehran was fine  staff helpful business lounge not bad at all. Women must wear headscarves though and cover bare armsshoulders. Mahan provided garments gratis for this purpose.
  Berlin to Geneva via Dusseldorf. Not a good first impression. First segment no order to boarding process just one long line regardless if your seat assignment. Delayed 30 minutes announced 10 minutes before scheduled boarding time. No explanation why. Onboard, the least amount of legroom I have ever experienced. Take off was finally one hour later. Second flight delayed 35 minutes to late arrival of the aircraft.
  After this latest experience I will be avoiding KLM. When I checked in online on September 10th for KL678 from Calgary to Amsterdam, I was offered and I accepted and paid for an upgrade from Comfort to Business Class, at a cost of $1134.28 Cdn. When I checked in at the KLM counter the next day I was told I was bumped from BC to accommodate a crew member who was returning  to Amsterdam. Even though I was civil and courteous I was moved to row 43, at the back of the airplane, because my Economy Comfort seat was not available. When I asked for a refund at the counter, the agent said I had to do that online and it would not be a problem. She wrote down the KLM refund website link. After I returned from my 3 week trip, I submitted to KLM the refund request. One month later I received a one sentence email declining my request, without reasons. I appealed the decision and no response from KLM 4 months later. I have since learned from various customer feedback sites that KLM has done this to 100s of passengers.
Flew SZGZUR. Wasnt expecting anything from an hour long flight in a small twinprop plane but this was an excellent flight. Smooth takeoffs and landing. Easy checkin and great assistance at the airport. Flight left on time with no delays. Crew is very courteous and they speak very good English. When you think it cant get any better they served food! Complimentary food is a rare thing on short domestic flights especially on twinprop planes. Overall excellent airline and would recommend them.
 Flight was average. Bumpy but nothing they can do about turbulence. Problem was luggage. They lost my sons luggage. After a day they claimed to have found it in Paris and sent it to Rome. But once It arrived Im Rome they lost us AGAIN! He was without his luggage the entire week. No one knew where it actually was or cared. There was no one at Transavia to help us. No one knew where his bag was. When we were at the airport to leave we went to talk to someone who told us his bag was still in PARIS! We went to talk to another person about who to contact in Paris and they actually had his bag, In a hallway, in Rome and no one knew it was there. So we finally got the bag due to our own persistence as we were returning home from our vacation. Think twice before checking a bag with Transavia. They are completely Incompetent
  Bangkok to Kuala Lumpur. This flight run 4 hours late, causing me to miss my connecting flight also with Malindo Air to Perth. ON inquiring with a representative of Malindo Air in Bangkok Airport, I was told there was nothing they could do, and I would have to wait to sort things out when I got to KL airport. They did give me a letter stating the plane had been delayed, I would have thought they could have made arrangements before I arrived in KL though. On arrival in KL I went straight to the transfer desk. As i discussed the issue with your representative a very dissatisfied mob formed behind me, while a very upset elderly lady experienced a massive misunderstanding with another Malindo representative. In time, things were sorted for me, and a hotel, food and a flight the next morning was organized which was great. However I didnt reach my hotel until over four hours later. Some staff were very good, however, it became obvious that processes and staff training were in need of being fine tuned. After only 4 hours at my hotel i was driven back to the airport very early. Jay at KL was very helpful, and although he assured me my luggage would be handled by them, when arriving in Perth later that day, there was no sign of it. I arranged to have it sent to my address, however, this didnt happen, Instead, it was flown to Albany airport where I had to drive an hour there and back to pick it up. While on the flight from KL to Perth I found the crew to be less than helpful. I had paid for a meal, including a drink of water for the second flight that I had missed because of the delayed flight. I showed them evidence of this, but they still argued about providing me with a meal. I also outlined the bigger picture. They were still very reluctant to provide me with the meal I had paid for. They tried to tell me that the document I was showing them was for the cost of the flight. It was an add on, which it clearly stated. They even told me i should not be arguing with them. All i was doing was asking to have a meal provided that was paid for. Under the circumstances, it would have been wise to make it complimentary anyway. the food was horrible Even though the airline did some good things and some of their staff performed well late flights, yes the second flight didnt run on time either, lost luggage, argumentative staff, and slow processes its makes it incredibly hard to recommend this airline.
  My wife and I were returning from a long delayed vacation. We splurged on first class flights. Our flight was supposed to leave Naples, Italy at 0610. Air France sent a heavy aircraft to Naples that had problems getting back out. As a result, we missed our connecting flight in Paris also an Air France flight by about 15 minutes. We were rebooked on a Delta flight 5 hours later. When we arrived in Atlanta on Delta flight 085, our checked bags were not on it. We contacted baggage services and they told us the bags were in Paris and would be put on a flight the next day and we would have them by 9 PM. We made it clear that the bags contained prescription medication that we needed. The next day, neither bag showed up, despite repeated attempts to track them using Deltas online system. At 915 PM we were told that the bags would be coming in the next day today. At 1000 today we found one bag loaded onto an Alitalia flight from Naples they never made it to Paris to begin with, and that it would be transferred to a flight to Atlanta today. The second bag is still in Naples and no one at Delta can do anything to get it moving. They pass it off as the baggage handlers problem not Deltas.
  Copenhagen to Tokyo via Beijing. Food from the catering services in Beijing is substandard. Entertainment system quite dated and not working well. Lots of mechanical noise in the cabin. Lastly, the selection of refreshments in the business lounge in Beijing is rather poor.
  Boarding on TLV was done on time but delayed to get permission to depart. A320 was in a good condition and clean. Stewardesses were professional and friendly. Inflight service was beverages, coffee, water, sandwich and granola bar. On the return flight there was a 55 minutes later departure schedule change they informed us with email 2 days in advance
Bournemouth to Las Palmas as part of a package holiday. Online checkin was very easy and quick and on arrival we dropped our bags. Boarding was a few rows at a time which was a good idea as it wasnt a scramble trying to get on. We were greeted on the aircraft by the crew and pointed in the direction of our seats. Directly after takeoff the crew introduced themselves and the service for the flight. I ordered a hot toasted sandwich which tasted very good. Staff were very helpful and polite. Seats were comfortable and legroom good for a charter airline. Thomson advertise their iPad enabled crew and how wonderful it is but we only saw the iPads when they were taking hot food orders and where has the entertainment gone? Thomson is a family holiday airline and they only show a moving map and flight info on the drop down screens  weve always known Thomson to show films and TV shows on these screens but for some reason they have stopped? 
  Due to delay at the departure airport I missed my connecting flight. After 3 hours in line to speak to the customer service, I was told that there were no flights within next two days that they could offer me. They advised that my best option was to make alternative travel arrangements by myself. I decided to take the train to reach my destination. The airline refuse to pay compensation for the delay or take any liability for the cost of alternative form of transport.
Economy from Manchester to Luxembourg. Very nice flight with a freshen up towel given before take off and during the flight. I was impressed with the service and meal and the flight attendants were friendly and courteous. This was a very enjoyable flight. Check in was smooth as I was early. No delays. Only problem was the return flight was too early in the morning so I was unable to have breakfast at the hotel. In the end this didnt matter as I had breakfast on the aircraft.
  Horrible. Always huge delays, no customer service. Worth paying a little more for an alternative airline not batik or super air jet as they are the same group and just as bad.
  The only real reason to fly business class on a long route is to be able to sleep on the plane. Impossible on this flight, I was awake the whole time. The seat did go down to perfectly flat, but it was so narrow that I couldnt sleep on my side and so lumpy as to be uncomfortable in any case. By far the worst bed I have encountered in any business class. The food and wine were OK but just OK. The entertainment system had a very limited selection, and the categories of live news, classic movies, and world cinema were all nonfunctional. Best aspect of the journey was the flight crew, who were nice, forthcoming, and helpful. Note also that I was sent an SMS and an email shortly before the flight left, both of them listing the same incorrect gate 23C, which does not exist at JFK Terminal 1  the correct gate was 4.
The service offered by TAM is absolutely poor. The booking process is difficult particularly if you are a foreigner and hasnt got the TAM Fidelidade,  and on top of it if you select a different language you pay a higher or lower price and also its pricing policy is confusing changing almost on a daily basis despite the fact that you are flying from and to the same airport. It does not give you the possibility to select a proper meal if you hold their frequent flyer card and you fly in economy class eventually you risk not have food for you as generally they run out to the choices offering you the left over. That happened to me twice this year because I tend to seat back at the end.  Their inflight entertainment is not far from the other airlines although their touch screen hardly works.  Forget about Duty Free, they apply rates in USD$ despite the fact the Brazilian currency is real, much cheaper, therefore the exchange rate applied is exorbitant. The crew is okay but some of them give out the impression to be afraid to speak out. 
DXBALG. 4 hours delay without explanation and they didnt give us anything for this. The aircraft A330 was pretty old the bathrooms were disgusting and the plane was dirty! Very poor service onboard and cabin crews are not professional. The food was not appealing. The overall service was very poor!
  We travelled with Gulf Air from Heathrow to Bahrain. We also took a connecting flight to Dubai Overall the 7 hour flight to Bahrain was good. We had a long delay in the plane for an hour 1 hour 30, due to some baggage issues, so we had to wait. However, after take off, I decided to purchase WiFi for USD 15 £12. There was a cheaper option but that was for messages only. I can confidently say the on board WiFi was amazing. I was on FaceTime with my friends for 4 hours. It was fast and worked exceptionally. The food on board was chicken and rice. This was nice and one of the first times I enjoyed plane food. As we flew over Turkey, I decided to get some sleep as the seats were comfortable. Overall, the flight was great.
  Denpasar to Auckland via Kuala Lumpur. The seat was not confortable and the leg room was so small. Definitely it is not recommended to travel with AirAsia X for a journey more than 2 hours. Entertainment system was not available on board.  The flight attendants are getting better. 
  I paid for a reservation of a specific seat and they confirmed with my online ticket. After arriving at the airport i received a ticket for a different seat. After approaching the staff about this, he pretty much told me that this is my problem and he wasnt going to do anything about it. Once again it was a paid seat and they did nothing to compensate the loss for me. 
  First off I agree I couldve better planned on my end. But I spent 10 hours at the airport to basically find my own solution. 3 visits to the customer service line and 2 phone calls before I decided this is ridiculous. My first flight out I missed by 5 mins even though I watched them give other stand by people my seat. There was a bad storm that delayed everyone. I was put on stand by 3 times before Im like no this can not be the solution. My 3rd visit to customer service was met with limited reps and basically the last rep showing no empathy after Ive been running around the entire airport for 7 hours just to get oh no the flight is overbooked. I ended up just purchasing a new ticket through JetBlue and let my anxiety not get the best of me. The reason I missed my flight is because precheck took 40 mins to get through. No one had a sense of urgency. 10 people missed my flight so dont you think thats a big issue. I get it if it was only me but 10. The same people running from flight to flight. American wanted to wait on standby until the next day. Im on a business trip for work there is no next business day. Im just upset that it took so much time waiting to get no resolution and then me deciding to take my fate into my own hand where it got resolved. I will be calling American to get a travel credit after the amount they screwed me over. Ill better plan my trip next time but American get better and treat your customers right. There was over 50 standby at one point. Yall need to think of a better solution.
  Never again! I had my worst flight experience with Lion Air. After more than 16h of flight from Paris to Jakarta. The flight from Jakarta to Bali had several hours of delay. No information provided.
  The worst ever flight. They cancel your flight at the last moment. The cost of other flights would have jumped by ten times which is not affordable to common man. Their customer service is equally pathetic, their telephone lines are either always busy or do not work at all Probably this could be a scam airline which believes in exploiting the common users. The airline needs to be severely penalized. 
Sao Paulo to Buenos Aires with TAM Airlines. On time depature and arrival. Cabin clean, crew attentive. Simple breakfast served in a bag, plenty of juices, coffee, etc. Cockpit announcements on take off and landing. Had to deplane by bus, but probably the fault of the chaotic airport. Too much carry on bagagge allowed and not enough space. Why cant the airline staff at the boarding gate do something about it?
 I booked a return flight from Lima to Cuzco two days ago and made the mistake of booking February 11  March 15 instead of March 1115. I called yesterday within 24 hours and was advised that LATAMs policy was there is no penalty but I would have to pay the fare difference. This sounded fair. Especially as the fare online at their website was exactly the same for both trip dates. Then they advised that the fare difference was $170 USD. I said this was almost exactly the same as the fare to book a new ticket so it is a 100 penalty. They said no, it is just the change. I called back to see if a more knowledgeable representative would get this right. And got the same result. Next, as I live in Toronto, Canada and the eticket was issued at their office here, I walked over to their office the address on the web and on the ticket. To my surprise, LAN Air has never been there. In fact, the suite number they said they were at, did not exist. I will not rebook with LAN or ever fly with them again. It will cost more but I will book with Avianca. I fly more 75 segments a year and will never fly on LAN again unless I absolutely have to. I am glad that I learned this lesson on such a cheap fare. Be sure to get your online booking right as my experience would show that there is no reasonable ability to adjust after you push enter.
Ravn Alaska is so frustrating. First off, your carryon items will all pretty much have to be checked, unless theyre tiny. So my husband and I shortchecked our carryon bags to our next airline, since the next airline we transferred to would have enough room to stow them overhead. Then, we took this tiny 19seater plane, which once boarding was finished started up the engines only to have them shut off three times, before the stewardess announced something is wrong, the pilots are going to try fix it thats comforting and gave out cookies to passengers to shift focus. Finally we were told by the pilots that there was a technical issue that could be deferred for now, and once they get paperwork done then we can take off. At one point early on, we were told it would be about 15 more minutes, then about half an hour later they said itll be about 10 more minutes until takeoff. Overall we were delayed IN the plane sitting there prerunway for an hour. And our next layover was 1 hr 20 min, so when we arrived at the next airport, we had literally 10 minutes until the next plane terminal would close the gate, to deplane, get our bags from baggage claim, go through security, and run to our next gate. Upon deplaning, we asked the ground crew if we could just grab our shortchecked bags right there on the Tarmac, they said no. We were told the baggage claim was close by  which it wasnt. My husband and I ran not a good idea when youre 7 months pregnant and not a runner by nature, he ran to baggage claim to get our bags while I ran to our next gate to try keep the door open until my husband arrived with our bags. As soon as I arrived, I was told to get onboard right now, and when I begged them to wait just a couple minutes for my husband who was running up as we spoke, they said they could not and closed the door right in front of me. Thanks a lot Ravn, for making us shortcheck our appropriately sized carryons,  having technically unsound planes, being untruthful about how much more time wed be delayed on the Tarmac,  not letting us grab our shortchecked bags after deplaning, and not apparently notifying the next gate that multiple passengers including us were delayed and on their way running to he gate. It ruined our night and our trip home, and we felt so ripped off by this airline. We will certainly never be using Ravn again and have let our friends know to avoid this airline as well.
  This airline is incredibly selfish and inflexible during the Coronavirus outbreak. We bought our tickets to Peru from LAX months ago because the flights were cheap at the time. Peru has closed their borders so we cannot travel on our flight. The airline refuses to refund our flight and will only change it but we have to pay the difference in ticket price. They could not find a single date we could change the ticket to where we did not have to pay a 50 increase or more. It is unacceptable that we were not given another option to get at least some of our money back without paying more money. Do not consider flying this airline. You never know what could be happening and this airline will NOT try to help you.
  Awful, if you have options run away from this company. The only one reason to choose it is price, but I prefer to pay extra money to avoid this company. There can be late flights or even cancel your flight. No customer service. App is bad. Policy with 10 euro ticket and 20 euro seat is a joke, just sell tickets at 30 euro and let me choose my seat.
  Bali to Perth. No frills in business class apart from more leg room and wider seat. No choice of meals or drink. Economy passengers using overhead lockers for their luggage and would stand in business class going to the lockers and while waiting to use the front toilet most annoying for crew to get meal service. Why pay for this class when you get the same in economy. No lounge access in Bali.
  I flew from San Diego to Newark on 10142022. I am Handicapped. Lousy customer service, all around. Flight delay which can happen from time. Main Cabin seats hardly any leg room. Once the Airplane landed, it took an hour to get the plane to park. And instead of being in Terminal A, we wound up in Terminal B.  NO Wi Fi
 For 3 years I have been flying with airBaltic and this is the first time I have seen them make money on luggage allowances. They stopped lots of people to check if the hand luggage fit their requirements. Usually mine is ok. This time they asked me for a 60e extra. The price is already expensive, how can they pretend to be low cost and have lots of hidden extras. I do not recommend them at all. The only point in travelling with them is that they have the monopoly unfortunately.
  Flew Silver Airways as a partner flight with Alaska Airways Ft Lauderdale to Jacksonville. We boarded and had to deplane the aircraft 3 times before they canceled our flight. They advised that the first two attempts were aborted due to mechanical problems but provided no reason for the issues with the third try. They removed the checked baggage from the plane and dumped them on one of the baggage carousels. As my wife and I were trying to make arrangements to get back home we were notified that the flight was back on. We collected our bags and took them to the the Silver Airways ticket counter and rechecked them. We then went back to the boarding gate finally getting on the plane and departing Ft Lauderdale. This was 11 hours after we were suppose to have originally left. After arriving in Jacksonville we went to retrieve our checked bags and discovered one had not arrived. There was no one at their counter to file a missing baggage claim. I had to go behind the counter and retrieve their local phone list, calling all the numbers until I finally got someone to come to the desk and process my lost baggage report. The next morning I received a call from the Fort Lauderdale Airport lost and found department advising they had my missing bag which they would hold for 30 day. I have tried to reach Silver Airways using the only phone number they provide and have emailed there customer service department and have not been contacted except one time. I was called back by a representative who barely spoke English who I provided all the pertinent information to regarding the missing bag including that the bag was located at the Airport lost and found and the lost and found claim number . I also provided the claim number for their lost luggage report and was advised they had no record of the report being filed. I was put on hold and then they hung up on me. Havent heard a word since and have had no luck getting through on their toll free number or customer service email. While sitting in the terminal that day not one of their flight got off on time and at least on other flight was canceled. All were due to aircraft problems. If there and any option never use this airline. Customer Service is nonexistent.
 I have flown Cebu Pacific multiple times only because Philippine air did not have many choices for our flight plans. You cannot talk to anyone on the phone to resolve problems. The website and app are terrible. They give different options that either include baggage or dont. No matter which option you choose they send messages saying you didnt pay for checked in bags. The first time I believed i was allowed 2 bags. My excess baggage fee was $300 for my wife and I. The last time, I purchased the extra baggage thinking i had no bags. Paid $75 extra for 2 bags each. Then they said oh you didnt need that, your bags are included. But a message was sent to me saying that if i needed to check a bag, I needed to purchase it. I have really had my fill of their stupidity. And they are never on time. 
I flew Azerbaijan Airlines from New York to Tel Aviv via Baku. Check in was a bit slow but friendly staff. Plane was full and it was my first time flying a Dreamliner. The cabin crew although they never smiled were great and the service was impressive. The plane was comfortable with plenty of legroom and big windows. We were given an amenity kit which was a great little extra. Before our first hot meal was served we were given heated serviettes to freshen up with. A choice of chicken or beef was offered served with a salad, cake and a starter. It was lovely and fresh. Drinks of course and their wine was really nice. Then we were given a snack. Inflight entertainment was ok, good choice but older movies mostly. The screen was a good size, touch screen larger than average, with a charger for your phone. Leg room was good and I found the seat comfortable with a pillow and blanket. Duty free came round and was very cheap so good to note on that route, half the price of offers in JFK Airport. It was a 10.5 hour flight, and a couple of hours later we got a sandwich, and snacks again. After a few more hours we were served another hot meal. I had omelette and roast potatoes and veg. It was well presented with again rolls etc, and drinks. Smooth flight, and 3D tracking of route which was interactive which kept you well updated. Fantastic landing in Baku. Smaller connecting flight to Tel Aviv with very much the same great service and none of cabin crew minded how much you pressed for service on both flights. 
  The last time I flew with them my return flight was canceled 1 week prior to my trip and the year before it was cancelled during my trip!. The proposed option was to rebook us myself and my husband onto a Eurowings Discover flight! This is outrageous as an offer as that is a lowcost flight and we booked Lufthansa. Instead of resorting to this option I decided to call and get rebooked to a United flight from a different city Newark. I called the number provided in the cancellation of my flight email from Lufthansa, but the person I spoke with was a thirdparty agent and unfamiliar with their job. I had to give them step by step instructions on how to proceed  and their incompetence totally screwed us up on our return. The night before my flight I could not check in as our return tickets were not being recognized. I spent hours of time with a United customer service agent. The agent eventually booked our seats assignments, but when I reached the airport we could not check in! We then had to go to the counter and the agent there had to fix our tickets as my husband wasnt even listed as a passenger. She told us that this was Lufthansas fault for not entering proper code data. If we hadnt had seat assignments we would have missed our flight. After flying both Lufthansa and United, I can say United is better. This is shocking to me as previously Lufthansa was far superior but their standards have drastically changed. The food is bad, the entertainment selection is mediocre, and worse the seats are horrible! The only positive is the staff was friendly. It was so uncomfortable and I am used to the trek across the ocean but this past time was unbearable. I will now do my best to avoid Lufthansa for all future flights  its not worth it!
  I got onboard this Airlines for the first time with very low expectations due to significantly more negative than positive online reviews. In the end, this turned out to be a pleasant surprise since my experience has shown nothing but flawless service from PR. Onboard crew service was efficient and fast on both legs POM MNL and MNL CGK sometimes a bit too eager to get rid of your empty plates. Crew attitude has always been courteous and sincere. A321neo with the new business suite configuration POMMNL provides a great space and comfort for resting, although Im not so sure about the blue cloth material choice for the seating that in my opinion only makes the ambiance look more tired than it should have been. However, the same compliment can not be given to the A321ceo serving MNLCGK with the business class seats that would send you straight back to year 1995  there is only one adjustment button for reclining and zero IFE for more than 4hrs flight. Last time I checked I was not boarding a low cost airlines! Meals and drinks are great and sufficient options were given for the distance of flight. Boarding was fast and efficient on both legs, with business class priority lane properly executed. Mabuhay lounge in T2 Manila provides great choice for foods, service is equally excellent could do with more lazy chairs for long layovers. There is a dedicated bartender manning the cocktail bar. Room for improvement is the rather chaotic check in at POM without any clear priority lane given to business class. Having said that, a local supervisor noticed that I was travelling without checked luggage and immediately sent me to the front of the queue for immediate boarding pass issuance good proactive attitude. With so many negative criticisms written about PR, I was mentally ready to look for mistakes, however I can safely report that it looks like serious improvements have been made by the management to significantly up their game. Flights on both legs actually arrived earlier than scheduled, however, this advantage was nullified at NAIA T2 when the aircraft was forced to wait 1015 minutes prior to parking at the gate only because the aircraft marshal on the ground was not ready to guide the plane to its final parking position.
  Palanga to Saint Petersburg via Riga. Quite a nice experience. Air baltic provides an awesome connectivity around the baltic states and beyond. Check in, boarding, staff. Choice of planes is quite a pleasure specially the A220 huge windows, great seat pitch, mood lighting, etc etc. The only downside is pricing. Its certainly not cheap, specially if you need to add check in luggage, meals, seat selection or overweight hand luggage.
The flight was delayed by 6 hours, allegedly because of a radar system failure at Rome Fiumicino airport. Strangely, only the Germanwings flight to Berlin was affected, Air Berlin left on time. Delays can happen, but the complete lack of information and assistance was not acceptable. No ground staff was available, phone calls to Germanwings were not answered. No meal voucher was offered. To add insult to injury, access to Star Alliance lounges is denied to Gold members outside Germany when you travel with Germanwings because they are a Lufthansa subsidiary but not a member of Star Alliance. The flight itself was smooth, but no inflight entertainment whatsoever. For the same price, Air Berlin offers much better value. Will not travel Germanwings again.
 Arrived 2 hours hours early for flight. Paid for 3 check in bags. One was for a minor. Waited in a self service bag check in for 30 min. Get to counter, could not check minor bag here, told to go to ticket agent. Wait again 30 minutes, get to front and an agent yells out last call for Orlando, anyone going to Orlando? So I yell yep and step out of line with my family again this is simply to check in one paid for bag for a minor. A new line evidently forms for Orlando and everyone from the back gets to the front of this line. Im standing there, confused and annoyed because now the agent is telling me I have to go to the end of the new Orlando line. I said Ive waited in two lines already and the agent said You cant just butt in front of everyone and so humiliating! I said oh no, I waited in this line all the way up. As I stood there, a different agent letting other people go in front of us, and we are now bumping up against our boarding. I told the agent we are going to miss our flight and he said all of these people are going to Orlando as well, you have to get in this line at the end. My husband took over as I was about to pull a full blown scene. Never again, I would rather connect 3x than fly this airline ever again.
My travel was PVG to BKK with a stop in HKG. Travel was on October 22nd 2016. The check in about 2 pm took 1 hour because they were changing my flight from PVG to HKG. The check in agent said dont worry the flight will not leave before 7 pm because of weather. The gate personnel and the flight notification board said go to gate, flight leaving at 3 pm. At gate, the personnel there had no idea what was happening and just said stay at the gate. They were not even airline personnel. I went to the lounge and called the airline. They said the plan was now a 7 pm departure, and the plane was still in HKG. The plane finally boarded at 8 pm. We then spent 4.5 hours parked at the ramp while the pilots waited for a takeoff slot. Finally arriving at 3 am in HKG 3 hours after my connection left. In HKG, the staff were very rude about rebooking and told me that I could wait until they were ready. Apparently they started work at 4 am, so we needed to wait. I was finally booked on a flight leaving to BKK at 1 pm. That flight was delayed until 2 pm. Then we were boarded and made to wait on the plane another 2 hours before takeoff. Arrived BKK about 6 pm. In short, the air staff were very good and the flights were fine. The ground staff were awful and seemed to have very little training or information. I travel a lot and decided to save a little money on this trip, but the ground service was the worst I have ever had. On a good note, The lounge in HKG was not bad at all.
  As tourists, and having travelled lot of other places in New Zelaand and the whole of Australia, cant help hut compare them with other airlines. We found the staff to be rude on two accounts. While we were waiting in the line, she preferred to assist the one behind us giving them priority. As a tourist from another country, you always feel unwelcomed by such acts and suspects about differential treatment becomes evident. In general, people in NZ and Aus are awesome and very welcoming but this incident really shook my opinion about Air New Zealand and its hospitality. When we put our bags, she charges NZD 20 for an additional 300 gms which was actually balances by lower weight of the other bag but the disappointment cane from she not being helpful in finding a solution. I would say Air New Zealand does not depict the true hospitality and warmth of Kiwis as in general Kiwis are great people. Disappointed by inconvenience, we did not complain but paid additional charges as a tourist would do in another country for peaceful trip further.
MXPVIE with new E190  even full the plane feels spacious. Good Flyniki service coffeedrinks  sandwich for free. Plane on time cabin crew was friendly.
  I recently had an extremely frustrating experience with Ryanair that left me disappointed and dissatisfied with their service. Despite it not being mandatory to complete web checkin for my flight, I was unjustly charged a hefty fee of 40EUR due to an error on their part. Upon arriving at the airport, I was informed that I needed to pay the additional fee because I had not completed the web checkin process. However, according to Ryanairs own policy, web checkin is not mandatory, and passengers are still able to check in at the airport without incurring any charges. I found it incredibly unfair and frustrating that I was penalized for their own mistake. The customer service representative I approached for assistance was unhelpful and unsympathetic to my situation. They showed no willingness to resolve the issue or provide any explanation for the unnecessary charge. This lack of professionalism only added to my dissatisfaction. As a frequent flyer, I have had positive experiences with several other airlines that prioritize customer satisfaction and go above and beyond to rectify their mistakes. Unfortunately, Ryanair fell far short of these expectations. The incident left a sour taste in my mouth and has significantly impacted my perception of Ryanair as a reliable and customercentric airline. The lack of transparency and the unwarranted charge have made me question their commitment to customer service and fairness. I strongly advise other travelers to be cautious when booking with Ryanair and to carefully review their policies and fees. It is disheartening to experience such disregard for customer satisfaction, and I hope that Ryanair takes this feedback constructively and works towards improving their service and rectifying their mistakes. Overall, my experience with Ryanair was deeply disappointing, and I cannot recommend them based on the unjust charges and lack of accountability I encountered.
 We cant believe that they have canceled the 2 trips we had with them. First to go to Borneo to Sorong and then to go from Sorong a Denpasar. They owe us more than 800€. They say they can pay up to 3 months later. But as today 2 weeks after the cancelation they havent answered our request for a refund. They only want to refund one flight without the connecting ones.
  Air Canada cancelled our flight two hours before it was supposed to leave. No one helped us or cared. We ended up on the phone with Air Canada Im the airport trying to rebook for over an hour and they were not able to find us a different flight. As a result our entire family trip to Disneyland had to be canceled. Crying kids and adults  absolute devastation and Air Canada did nothing.
  No way to contact them on short notice. Sent an email over two weeks ago after I was charged 80 euros for my 7 months old trolley. On their website it says clearly that a pram or trolley is included in the babies ticket. They havent answered even though I sent the email again. Self check in didnt work so we had to wait in line for over an hour to check in again.
YULHOGYUL Tropical class outbound Economy class return with an Airbus A320 lease from Avion Express on both legs. I chose Cubana airlines because it was a good price. All flights went smoothly despite a little delay on the return flight. Check in by my fellow colleagues in Montreal went smoothly same thing was also in Holguin. I got an upgrade in Tropical class on my outbound flight which I found it was the same service in Economy class but the only difference was the meal and the seat. There was no entertainment during these 4 hours flights. The flight attendants were not very smiley and didnt interact that much with passengers however they do take their jobs seriously. Cubana airlines is not the best airline but its pretty fine and it has improved in the past 15 years. I would travel again with this them.
 Avoid Air Asia at all cost. They cancelled our tickets MNLDPSMNL, with less than a months notice. No other flights to or from Denpasar were available  seems to me like they have stopped flying this route. Obviously, we then had to pay twice as much to repurchase tickets so close to the departure date, and so far, 3 weeks later, we have seen no sign of an Air Asia reimbursement. This company, it turns out, is in significant financial distress PN17 status in Malaysia, so this must be a symptom of that. Dont risk losing your money with them  Air Asia seems to have gone from hero to zero, unfortunately.
 CDGBOM and MAACDG with connections to VIE with Austrian. Surprisingly pleasant longhaul flights. Jets B777, as with most of other operators who have them in 343 configuration, has cramped seating with insufficient legroom and width. IFE with sufficient content but screen could be better. A333, on the other hand, is fitted with very spacious seats, both in terms of width and legspace and perfectly responding IFE screens. All meals on both legs were tasty, breakfast could be bigger though. Cabin crew warm and wellmannered on both legs, present in cabin for the whole flight duration and providing extra snacks and drinks upon request. Flights departed and arrived on time. On the return leg, checked bag got stuck in CDG and was delivered one day later to my home. However, this is mostly fault of the airport for not being able to transfer it between aircrafts, Jet can be hardly blamed and Air France as the ticketing carrier handled the issue in quick and efficient manner. Jet ground staff in MAA asking ridiculous security questions e.g. why is a Czech citizen flying to Austria and not Czech Republic, as if it was their business anyhow and prolonging the whole checkin process unnecessarily. Jet pleasantly surprised me on both flown legs CDGBOM and MAACDG and hopefully, they will survive their current financial situation as they have a good thing going on at least on longhaul. Choose A333 over B777 if possible as it is in all aspects superior.
Check in at the Vientiane domestic terminal is quite chaotic. However, the onboard experience with Lao Airlines is generally very good. This is a very short flight but Lao Airlines serves water and a snack. Aircraft are quite new and service is pleasant and professional. Overall, it was a very good experience and I would happily recommend the airline.
  Hangzhou to Johannesburg via Shenzhen. I had the worst experience ever using this flight Air China.I had extra kgs of my luggage which I was suppose to pay for. They told me to pay the amount which was double the actual money that I was suppose to pay. These guys they dont understand at all. I spend about 2 hours talking with them that this amount is too much, you might be doing a mistake. I ended up left my suitcase because I did not have that huge amount they wanted me to pay. When I was now in Shenzhen I asked the other Air China staff the amount I should pay for much kgs and they told me the correct amount but it was now too late because I had left the suitcase in Hangzhou airport. I am very disappointed with this airline and I will never took it again. Now my suitcase is still in China and I am going to incur extra expense to ship it to my country. Also they do not give enough food as compared to other airlines. Air China just give two meals for the whole journey from Shenzhen to Johannesburg. I dont advise anyone to use this airline.
Have been flying regularly from CNX to HKG as the flight avoids the need to transit BKK and its worth the late arrival in HKG for that alone. Flight is often almost full thanks to Chinese tour groups. Normally the flight is uneventful and the professionalism of the crew stands out. They are firm but polite in keeping order among the tour groups which is often not easy. One major negative was the meal on the HKGCNX sector. They offered beef or chicken. I chose the chicken option which turned out to be inedible. I complained after the meal service was complete and they changed it for the beef option was quite tasty. As always the flight was slightly early. Pity their latest A320s arent fitted with an entertainment system. PG has this for the 1 hour flight from CNX to BKK.
  TAP airlines cancelled my flight from Lisbon to San Francisco for Feb 6th, 2023. We were rebooked by TAP on the flight leaving Lisbon on Feb 4th. We couldnt even be in Lisbon on Feb 4th. On the TAP website there is info If your flight has been canceled by TAP, you may request full refund of the amount you have paid I requested a full refund for the cancelled flight. Out of $300 I paid for the ticket, I received a refund of $47.73. I filed a complaint with TAP and TAP refused to pay the full refund.
11 Oct 05 TripoliTunis Libyan Arab Airlines There are two terminals in Tripoli one domestic and the other international about 20Km and $20 apart. This one andabit hour flight was due to leave at 1430. Be aware that when you fly on Libyan Arab Airlines you will be bussed to a very distressed 30 year old 727200. We boarded the plane only half an hour late because of a security agent in dark glasses and an Armani type suit jacket draped over the shoulders who laboriously checked documents of all passengers on the 40 degree tarmac. The interior of the plane was so hot probably 50 degrees that the older passengers were dropping like flies which further delayed the departure by a couple of hours. Sitting beside me fanning himself at high speed the interior was now like 120 large beserk butterflies was a flight engineer for LN who explained that there were no spare parts for the Auxiliary Power Unit that provides the AC so thats why it was hot. I thought that this was not the moment to ask if there could be similar spares shortages for the main engines. People perked up above 10000 feet when they recovered and the cabin crew were not as aggressive as they were on the ground. Your heart goes out to these folks who are on these planes its both unpleasant and dangerous work. The alternative to taking Libyan Arab Airlines to Tunis is a 12 hour bus ride.
  Stansted to Antalya. As we entered the airport for 6 oclock flight, it was not overcrowded in fact it was quite empty and staff were extremely friendly and pleasant. I had upgraded to the seats with more leg space so I cant comment on the cabin in detail for others and I know all the seats look extremely thin when compare to the old fashion BA job. But the flight was very pleasant, I felt the aircraft was relatively quiet and modern. The food on board which I preordered a breakfast was actually extremely tasty theyre not particularly appetising to look at but its airline economy food and the staff were charming. I havent been on Ryanair for awhile, and Ive been on this route before with EasyJet, but I think Jet2 was better than both of those. The people make all the difference and the aircraft was decent.
I had the displeasure of flying US Airways on Monday October 12th. My flight was suppose to leave Sacramento and connect in Phoenix with my final destination of Austin. After boarding the flight in Sacramento at 535 am for a 605 departure we were told there was a maintenance issue that would take a few minutes. The few minutes became an hour resulting in a delay in takeoff and a late arrival to Phoenix and me missing my connection to Austin by mere minutes I arrived at the gate at 837am and the flight left at 846am. As a result I had to be rebooked and was told I was rebooked on a flight at 645pm resulting in spending the entire day in the airport and missing work and several appointments. This may have been easier to take if customer service had been good but it was not and their employees were rude, brisk and unapologetic. I will absolutely never fly US Airways or American Airlines again. Customer service goes a long way when situations occur and this airlines is lacking it in spades!
  First time flying with this airline. All in all Ive heard positive remarks about them so Ive been wanting to take a flight with them. Not much I can say as they did their job properly. Ground and onboard service was fine. As its a regional airline, I think all of their planes are small sized i.e. Embraer. The only comment I have about their comapny site. It wasnt easy to buy a ticket there, so I ended up buying it from an agent.
 Covid caused my flight to be cancelled. I happily accepted a $461 flight credit to be used at a later date. I fly to Portland every May. Recently, I tried to book a flight and was told that the airline no longer flies to Portland from Nashville due to the pandemic. Ok, so disappointed, but I called and tried to use my credit to fly to Albuquerque, nope. LA, nope. Boston to Phoenix, nope. Gave it my best effort, but now, under the existing circumstances, their airline has shuttered several destinations that would work. So, given this $461 voucher expires in May 2021 I politely asked for a refund, chalk it up to Covid. Sun Country said no! I was in shock and asked to speak with customer care, again no. Last time I will ever fly this airline and hope you heed the advice not to fly them either. We are all suffering the pandemic, flexibility to customers, esp when you change your policies does not appear to exist with Sun Country, fly anyone else!
Amaszonas is a disgrace. This is an airline operating in monopoly and they do what they want. We paid US$300 from La Paz to Uyuni and less than 24 hrs before departure they cancelled our flight without giving us any reason neither by email nor by telephone. We were rescheduled on another flight. US$300 for a 40 mins flight and they cancel it because the flight is not full. Our entire schedule in Uyuni completely screwed up. 
Great professional staff internal decor good but almost 50 of the TV sets didnt work! A very long and boring 9 hour flight from POSLGW.
  I was required to go to the checkin counter to get paper boarding passes even though I was not checking bags. After waiting over an hour, I learned that the line was so long because they were telling everyone that they could not have a carryon and a personal item they claimed that this was the airlines policy, not because the plane was full. I showed them where it said it was allowed on the website and they ignored me. We then had to repack our personal item in order to check our carryons. This was why the line was taking so long, everyone has to do this. This whole process took over an hour and a half and I got through security just before our flight started boarding I arrived 3 hours in advance. On the first flight Tel Aviv to Warsaw on 737800, the cabin crew were not so nice, and for a 3.5 hour flight, they gave out options for water, sparkling water, tea, and coffee. They also gave out a large snack but didnt have a kosher option even though I ordered a kosher meal with my reservation. They then sold other products like Pepsi and potato chips that would be free on most airlines. The in flight wifi to watch movies with that could be used instead of an IFE screen this plane did not have screens stopped working after we pushed back from the gate. The in flight PAs were not very understandable in English. We had to wait about half an hour after we parked when we landed in order for busses to come and pick us up. Connecting through Warsaw airport doesnt have a lot of outlets or comfy seating and you have to go through security andor passport control. On the second flight Warsaw to New York JFK on Boeing 7879, the cabin crew or at least the flight attendant primarily serving my area of the plane was really nice. The drinks selection was again poor, but this time included a few juices and sodas, but didnt have anything like coke or sprite. The kosher meals provided were good, but there were no kosher snacks given throughout the flight. The flight attendants were constantly offering water which was really nice, but I wouldve liked it if they collected garbage a bit more often because thats difficult to deal with as a window seat passenger like I was. The IFE on this flight was amazing compared to every other IFE Ive seen in my life. It was super responsive and had a large selection of movies. The TV selections were slim for example there were some shows that they only had 4 episodes of but I enjoyed it and didnt find it frustrating to use. Probably the most annoying thing about this flight was that they made an announcement telling us how we could buy all this duty free stuff on the plane, but the announcement took like 10 minutes and it paused our IFE screens and we had to listen to it in Polish and English. The seat comfort was reasonable for long haul economy. Two other things to note about this flight was that the cabin crew set the windows to 50 brightness you couldnt make it go higher even though it was a day flight, and the USB port I used to charge my phone kept turning off for fractions of a second at a time, which was fine for me but I could see would get annoying for someone with a phone that vibrates andor makes a sound when it starts charging. Once we arrived at the airport, the bags took around 45 minutes to show up on the baggage claim. All in all, for long haul flights, once youre on the plane its good, but I wouldnt book again unless Im saving thousands of dollars.
  Hong Kong to Changsha return. Outward flight left on time and arrived slightly early. Plane was very clean. Snack was to say the least minimal, pack of 4 cookies, bottle of water, small chocolate. I had to ask for coffee. For a 4000HKD ticket I would have expected more. Return leg, we all boarded early and could have left early, however we sat for 45 minutes before an announcement was made of a technical issue, it was sorted but left 30 mins late and was late into Hong Kong. More info could have been given and we all could have stayed in the terminal. Food identical? The airline is not Cathay, it is still a high priced budget airline. No in flight entertainment unless you have already downloaded the app.
  Heraklion to Athens. After a rather fast bus boarding procedure and a kindly welcome by the cabin crew, the plane took off in time. The breakfast was excellent for a 40 minutes flight warm criossants, a delicius cappucino with a perfect milk froth, greek yoghurt, local vegetables and a variety of cheeses which came along with chocolates, and several other snacks not to mention the large options of beverages. The flight experience can be summed up as marvellous!
I dont usually bother with reviews I fly so frequently worldwide so figure on average youll get a few bad ones but felt compelled to spread the word this time. It was the first and will be the last time I would fly anywhere with this airline. Check in for both flights met with miserable uncommunicative staff who clearly dont want to be at work ancient filthy aircraft you start having serious thoughts about safety surly lazy cabin crew food offerings look so inedible you dont bother opening the plastic packaging 3.5 hour delay on return flight from Tunis to London no updates or explanations just wait wait wait at the gate in the grimy surroundings that appear to be the norm for Tunisair. Customer service is not a concept they understand.
  The worst airline to fly with in terms of time management. Last 5 flights I have taken with this airlines has resulted in dela . Todays flight is been already delayed by 1.5hr, which is very big disadvantage for me. The seats are uncomfortable and leg space is very minimal. Strongly dont recommend and not planning to take any further trips with this airlines
  Absolutely by far the worst experience. Zero value for money. Long lines at the check in. Absolutely understaffed, not to mention worst food ever. Stay away from this cheap airline.
My girlfriend and I flew LIAT from into St. Maarten w connecting flight to Dominica on 7 July 2014. No problems everything was on time and the flight was comfortable. Returning was a different matter. We were grounded in Antigua because of a problem with the air conditioning system laid over two hours and received no updates or information while waiting. After an hour I demanded some update from someone only to find that they had already sent many passengers on to San Juan the announcement was in French. If I hadnt been proactive my girlfriend and I might have missed the second plane. After we arrived the 15 remaining received an apology and nothing else. By that time most had lost their connecting flights to the US and were forced to stay the night at our own expense. I will avoid this airline in the future if I can.
 This journey was 6 legs long with Air Astana. SaintPetersburg to Almaty, from Almaty to UstKamenogorsk and back, Almaty to Aktobe and back, and finally from Almaty to SaintPetersburg. If my trip from LED to ALA is usual thing almost two times a year, but my new discovery was domestic flight KC863864 from Almaty to Aktobe. Oh my god, even choice of hot meal dish. Other stuff just have to mention  clean cabin, perfect meal each way. I also had my air astanas mug I got last year. Its capacity is about 400 ml and asked to fill it up with coffee no problem, sure! I heard the answer! My flight from UstKamenogorsk was delayed, but I got notification by email 4 hours before departure, so I was still at home. 6 flights and only one delay. I think its good factor. overall everywhere I saw attentive staff, helpful managers and perfect service.
 Catania to Verona. Great company. It is always a pleasure to fly whit it. No problem at all. Easy to contact for assistance by social media and very easy to book a flight whit app
  Booked TAP because it was the cheapest fare. However, they make us pay $125 per bag each way for bags that have been carry on on about 10 different airlines. Wouldve been cheaper to use a better airlines. On return flight, they made every single person check their bag.
  Nonexistent catering, lousy coffee, a glass of water in plastic elements, nonexistent entertainment, and aircraft without USB chargers.  The chaotic checkin, and staff with rude appearances. El catering inexistente, un cafe malsimo, un vaso de agua en elementos de plstico, entretenimiento inexistente, y las aeronaves sin cargadores de USB. El chekin caotico, y personal con unas apariencias maleducados
 Taipei to Narita on 830 had a serious delay and the way ANA handling it was a mess. First of all, the ANA crew did not know anything about the problem or they knew but they did not tell us, there was no communication between the airline company and customers. All we can do was keep waiting for another delay announcement. A lot of people need to transfer at NRT so the staff let them change the tickets first, that I can totally understand. However, as a business class passenger, I should have the priority to change my flight to other Star Alliance member such as EVA Air, but there was no line for that and after 3 hours waiting in line, one of the staff said the system was closed and my flight cannot be changed. They should just tell us immediately so people did not have to wait for hours. ANA did not arrange a hotel for us, I was flying from JFK to TPE then transfer to NRT, the time I arrived at TPE was 4 am, the time I left TPE was 11 pm, 19 hours of waiting, it was a nightmare. I can assure you I am the passenger who waited for the longest hours. In this case, ANA obvious did not know when the plane can be fixed, they should just arrange a hotel for passengers instead of kept postponing boarding time without explanation. ANA paid 15,000 yen for communication is barely enough, the taxi from the airport to my hotel was around 10,000 yen, with the tips and tax theres not much left. At Taipei, food vouchers were not enough, foods were expensive at the airport. 200300 Taiwanese dollars cant even get a regular lunch set or dinner set. To sum up, this trip was a nightmare because of this incident. The most disappointing things were the way ANA deal with it. I fly ANA quite often and I always have a good impression, but from this incident, I could not believe it is a 5star airline.
  Manchester to Vancouver via Toronto. Where do I start, first booked in 2019 direct flight business class to Vancouver, return from Calgary to Manchester, economy class. Due to covid had to rebook year by year till last year when it looked that our holiday would go ahead. After change of flight times resulting in a cancellation of a hotel, and a 17hr stop over in Toronto tried to speak to someone after several hours on the phone on hold gave up. Finally after a £30 phone call got through to a most unpleasant person who was no help at all. Then they informed me that the plane model has changed for our flight from Manchester and that we were moved to economy class not being happy tried to contact them again no success the web site is rubbish and their app a joke it doesnt even recognise our booking number after they said several times it would be sorted and we have less than 3 weeks to fly. How they get to be the best service? God only knows I would never repeat never recommend Air Transat to anybody.
 My flight was very good, very smooth landing  it was via Istanbul which is a beautiful airport. The A320200 seats annoyed me  bit not a lot of legroom no IFE but the B737800 or B737900Er is the complete opposite. The B737 MAX 8 and MAX 9 theyre too good
  It is a nice flying experience with China Southern Airlines and I really enjoyed it.  Crew members provide excellent services on the aircraft. Staff on the ground also provide great service. 
  Even after I made it to the original flight at final boarding time by running through the airport due to Qatar Airways late flight, the staff had bounced everyone to the next flight. I asked whether they could accommodate me since I had still arrived by final boarding time but they still said I had to wait for the next flight. Later when I went to the next counter was I told the delay was a day, so I was stuck at the airport this whole time and they could not even accommodate me in one of their lounges. If I knew the delay would have been so long, I would have argued with the staff more at the checkin gate instead of being polite. After I filed a polite and formal complaint regarding what the airline could do for me, I got a nonsensical response and they could do nothing for me.
Manchester to Arrecife on 3rd January. Left pretty much on time. Clean tidy cabin and sufficient legroom for me 5ft 9. Pilot announcements were very informative and the crew were attentive and professional. Good selection of drinkssnacks. Flew return leg to Liverpool on 8th January with Easyjet. Monarch outstripped them in every regard  particularly regarding the cabin crew  Easyjet need some lessons from Monarch going off this experience. Hadnt flown Monarch for some years but will certainly do so in the future.
Flew Best Class from Hamburg to Cologne. Best is not business but it is a best Germanwings has to offer. You sit in row 1 to 3 and the middle seat is free so there is maximum of 12 travellers. You have access to LH lounge which is full in Hamburg Airport. There is a choice of finger food salat nuts and gummibears as well as hot and cold drinks beer wine and spirits. Boarding with priority. Was a little surprised by the food you get on board you can choose from the Germanwings card whatever you want for free if it is loaded. The best thing was the flight attendant who was nice and very friendly. She addressed everybody by name and was professional. At Cologne it took ages again until baggage arrived so no priority for our bags. This was my first BestClass with Germanwings would fly them in this class again but I do prefer LH instead if it is possible.
  After a delay due to weather, I missed my Air Canada connection to KEF. I chose to be put on the Icelandair flight 24 hrs later. Boarding was confusing. For a 6 hr flight, there was only food for purchase where Air Canada provided both a meal and snack. The beverage cart came around once with water offer several times later in the flight. The seat was small  uncomfortable and the movie selection very limited. Customs in KEF took forever as several flights landed at the same time. The good part? I got to KEF on time.
  I flew round trip Reno to Los Angeles, first flight delayed, was supposed to leave at 700 PM got delayed until 1245 AM and didnt get to our hotel until 3 AM. On the way back to Reno was delayed again, was supposed to leave at 435 and currently waiting to leave current board time is 800 but well see if that even happens. I will never fly JetBlue again. A nightmare every time I fly with them. 
  Bangalore to Delhi. We are a couple travelling. We are tried doing web check 10 hours before the flight and it showed us seats at different places. Hence we didnt do it. We came to counter 1 hr 30 mins before and the attendee allocated same seats which were showing while we tried web check in and she was saying no seats left, only paid seats are left. Now we have to come at least one day before to do check in.
  Venice to Manchester. After having a frustrating experience in Venice airport which was total chaos we eventually boarded jet 2 plane. We were hungry. The staff did not get to our row24 until we were getting ready to land, we were told no sandwiches were available. They also gave us a voucher for perfume, which we intended to use, but that never happened either. There was no apology, just total indifference. The staff were too slow.
  We arrived in Cancun on UA, and were scheduled to fly to Havana on Cubana. The flight was delayed 2 hours, then 13 hours, and then it was cancelled with no explanation. Someone finally came to talk to everyone, and told us that because it was Spring break in Cancun, there were no hotels, but we were welcome to sleep in the airport. Seriously! People were so angry that the police had to come stand watch. After the cancellation, they literally held our luggage hostage for 6 hours, and wouldnt give it back to us. They told us Mexican Customs didnt have time to inspect it and give it back. 6 hours! Being Spring break, the only room I could find was at the Ritz Cartlon for $800night. Beautiful, but not in the budget. They only had a room for one night, so we had to switch to another hotel the next night. After three days, we decided to purchase new flights on Aeromexico. We also had to book a new place to stay in Havana, because we were now three days late, and our room was gone. The entire debacle cost us about 6K 4 travellers. Aeromexico was flawless and the planes were really nice. I dont know why our agent steered us toward Cubana  but thats another story Im trying to deal with. Dont even think about flying Cubana.
  While I cant fault the plane, cabin crew, or flight, I can however seriously warn travellers regarding the resort transfers. Myself and my partner were left stranded at the resort hotel by a driver that did not stop at our hotel, despite us being at the designated place at the designated time. I stood on the hotel steps and watched him sail straight past without even slowing down. One expensive phone call to the 24 hour UK helpline resulted in a £140 taxi fare to the airport. Upon emailing jet2 on return I have been told that they asked the transfer company and the driver has said he did stop, looked but was unable to find us, so drove off. And, as reimbursement they have said they wont refund the taxi fare but we can have 2 free inflight meals next trip. As if there will be a next trip with this airline. I would think long and hard before you trust this company, even to the point of arranging your own transfers, as that way, you will be guaranteed to get to the airport at no extra expense.
  New York to Taipei. This is the worst flight Ive ever been on in my life.  I got a discount on this flight, and the stewardesses were nice. Everything else about was a nightmare. I called a week in advance and had to pay for the desired seat I wanted for $30 extra because this airline doesnt let you choose your seat. But they ended up giving me the wrong seat anyway, rather than 40E, which is larger. They could not fix the issue on the plane, so I was stuck with the tiny seat and wasted my $30. Some seats can lift the armrest, but the one I had to go to could not and was quite uncomfortable. I then learned that this was the first flight Ive been on that doesnt offer free WiFi. I had to pay $50 specifically $43.90 to use their very bad WiFi service. The entertainment tablet doesnt work, even if you rub it or clean it, and theres nothing on there youve ever heard of, anyway. The food looked inedible, but thats okay because I opted not to eat anyway. It just sucks you have to pay for water, since TSA obviously doesnt let you bring any liquids on. Guess I shouldve brought a bigger water bottle.  Sixteen hours of this, and they dont even offer you WiFi or working power outlets though Im surprised we even had those. This airline just seems cheap, even if their actual prices arent that cheap. 
  We booked a trip through Priceline. They put us on this airline even though we picked another airline. They pulled a bait and switch. As soon as I got the wrong itinerary, I tried to call these people along with everyone else for four days and could not get a response. It wasnt until I disputed the charge that anyone called me back. Sun Country basically told me that I was given a credit even though they do not fly anywhere around me so they basically stole my money. This is a really unethical way to stay in business when you are stealing money from people.
  Tokyo to Taipei. We didnt get a chance to actually fly with this airline due to the fact that we arrived 3 minutes late to checkin because of transportation problems unfortunately with this airline you cant checkin online. The woman at the counter was so rude and refused to help us with anything and we had no luggage to check. Not only did she refuse to let us check in quickly and run to the gate but she didnt help us look for alternatives and said they do not offer refunds. 
 I couldnt pass up a business class fare for the same price as Thai Economy on this route. The experience was a pleasant surprise from start to finish. Checkin was efficient at the dedicated business counter. To my delight, China Eastern uses the Thai Airways business lounge, which is superior to the 3rdparty contract options at BKK. I got to enjoy a Thai curry and Singha before my flight, well done. On board, the business cabin crew were polite, efficient, and had sufficient English to assist nonChinese pax. A variety of adequate but not memorable meal options were available. I had a Chinese chicken dish over rice with a glass of Tsingtao beer. The aircraft was neither brand new nor very old, but it was clean and in suitable condition. The 22 seats were fine for the 2.5 hour regional journey. On arrival if you dont end up at a jetbridge at the airport, Business pax get a special van to the terminal, as opposed to a packedtobursting bus. This benefit is very welcome after a day of travelling. Its not SQ, but theyre not charging SQ prices.
Medellin to Barranquilla. VivaColombia is an airline if you want travel for business or a short time. The experience on ground is not very well, the staff is not very friendly. The best of this airline is the price of the ticket. Need be more nice with the people and the internet service is confused. I dont need that, I only want to book the travel.
I have never encountered an airline where the passengers themselves have to collect the luggage from the runway! This happened to me thrice with Air Algerie Lyon to Constantine 2002 Lyon to Annaba 2004 and Constantine to Paris 2005. I am afraid Air Algerie had a lot to learn to be internationally competent.
My wife and I flew Melbourne to Kuala Lumpur with Air Asia X on an Airbus A330. We were in Premier Flex which includes what is called a hot seat in the front row of the child free quiet zone, priority check in, boarding and exiting, 20kg baggage, one hot meal and a bottle of water. Any thing else you pay for. Left and arrived on time, crew fine. Great value for money.
  Rhodes to Athens delayed by 42 mins. Very sad to see the delays in Olympic Air flights. Queue for checkin, delayed flight, barely any checking of my COVID vaccination status for domestic flight, no parking at jetway gates, no air conditioning in airport buses in 40 degrees. The cabin is still operated very well and the flight attendants are very helpful.
  This is by far the worst and nonreliable airline Ive ever used. They departed 3 hours before the departing time shown on the ticket without notice. When I asked for the refund, they are keep saying we will pass this email to specialist but didnt hear from specialist for almost one months. Of course they did not refund the ticket. Do not use this airline if you want to ruin your holiday. Also, whatever they say, you wont get the money back since they will never reply your email.
 Paris to New York with La Compagnie. To say I was disappointed with my experience is an understatement. Firstly the entertainment system is totally useless, an entire 8 hour flight without entertainment. Also 30 minutes before landing the Samsung tablets were turned off so we couldnt track our progress coming into land. The plane was filthy we flew from Paris, which is their base airport so you would think extra care would be taken in cleaning my partners so called clean blanket had clumps of hair all over it, there was crumbs around my seat and there was dust all around my seat. The food was passable at best. Although I have had better food on a short haul economy flight. The cabin crew crew service was poor, although friendly. Apart from the dinner service the service was almost nonexistent. Apart from dinner the crew never asked us if we wanted any drinks and we felt awkward in asking for one. Also the crew seemed to ignore our call button, which was extremely infuriating. We were in the air almost 1 hour before beig offered a proper drink. The seats were OK in comfort but once made into a bed they were rather uncomfortable. They are not lay flat, with your legs being in a much lower position creating a very odd sleeping position. The toilets were horrendous as halfway through the flight one decided to stop flushing creating a very nasty surprise for all those who dare venture in. I found the flight to be extremely disappointing. In my view this is not a business class airline but a premium economy airline with extra legroom. The price was the only saving grace for this airline. But with the flight experience I had I foresee this airline will not be around for very long.
  After reading all these reviews here I have been a little suspicious to book Pegasus to Istanbul. Anyhow all my business contacts are on the Asian side and to get from the new IST airport to the Asian side can take longer than the flight to there. I have been surprised about the performance of Pegasus. Flights are dammed on time. The first lowcostairline for quite a while which is scheduling their flights that the last roundtrip of the day is still on time. I booked me seats in exit rows which are offering a little more space so I was fine. The processes are quite well organized and in SAW my bag was on the belt before I could even arrive there. The bar service is ok. You can buy warm meals and beverages. Price are a little on the high side an the need to improve the payment system. The fact that 3 credit cards issued by German and Irish banks have been rejected which have been used in Turkey and Germany before and after with no problem needs to be changed.
  They refuse to answer your phone calls have been calling for the last three hours. They not only dont have the information from my itinerary, even though they emailed me the itinerary number and confirmation code. This is so embarrassing and such a waste of money to fly this airline. They take your money and dont provide any customer service after taking your money. When we got on the phone, they hung up.
  Our family took flight cz305 from Guangzhou to Auckland of New Zealand on the evening of April 30. Due to my personal negligence, I forgot to apply for an international travel health code. However, the ground staff who checked in our luggage that day patiently helped us for nearly two hours, and finally successfully boarded the plane. Here, I would like to thank the ground staff who helped us. Thank them so much!
Small airline but a good one. Despite heavy turbulence on the flight from Kuala Lumpurs old airport to Tioman Island I felt safe and that the FAs knew what to do in the event of an emergency. Cant be sure of course but it felt that way. Good information from the crew about the turbulence. Small planes but comfortable for the relatively short flight. Good service during the flight.
  Received a message 2 hours prior to departure that flight will be delayed by 40 min. Just at the moment boarding started, it was announced that the gate has changed. After another her 1h of wait in a cramped non ac waiting area, boarding finally started. Another 30 min wait, the plane finally took off with a 2h 10 min delay. The explanation was heavy air traffic over Kuala Lumpur, which wasnt true, since other flight were not delayed. Flight itself uneventful
 Apart from a very kind, helpful and polite cabin crew, the overall experience was very poor. The seats were very uncomfortable and rows too tight. The food was about the worse I have ever had on a long flight. No night set, no basic hygiene kit. A lot to improve compare to the top notch companies like Qatar Airways, Emirates, Etihad, Singapore Airlines, ANA, etc. Although the entertainment offer was satisfying, the screen was really slow.
  London to Kochi via Mumbai. Worst airline ever! Never choose this airline even if you had to pay a few more extra for a decent one. The connection flight to Kochi was found cancelled on reaching Mumbai and was offered the next days flight due in 24 hours. Reduced to provide accommodationlounge access. They kept sending messages every week that flight number and times from London changed until the day of travel but I never expected this treatment.
  My seat and aside of my seat had crushed potato chips all over it. I asked the Airline Stewardess if she could quickly clean it with a small vacuum cleaner. She said airlines dont have any. Alison didnt let that stop her. With a smile on her face and determination in her heart she cleaned it without holding up anyone boarding. Thank you Alison for your professional service and your sweet personality! You deserve a raise.
Flew Xiamen Airlines from Singapore to Hangzhou and back. Crew were generally helpful, however there was one male flight attendant who was exceptionally rude. Note that mobile phones cannot be used throughout the flight even in airplane mode, as this is China Aviation Authority ruling. Food is acceptable. The cabin seats are not very comfortable. Xiamen Airlines is not recommended for medium or long haul flights.
Port Moresby to Brisbane with Air Niugini  relatively expensive airline although not on routes from PNG to and from Brisbane and Cairns in Australia. Planes are old but have been refurbished with quite comfortable seats and have quite a good inseat entertainment system. The toilets are clean, which is a plus on any airline. Meals are actually very good and probably amongst the best of any airline I have flown with at least in economy. However, what sets this airline apart from many is its cabin staff who are very friendly and nothing is too much trouble.
Checkin is efficient. Fokker aircraft are ok while the Russian Tupolev aircraft should be avoided at all cost. The snack provided was standard. The staff was generally friendly. All in all an average airline.
  I have never come in contact with such a bad company to fly with. They refuse to check you in on your own blaming Covid even though no other company or countries need to do this, also using masks because of some stupid German rules. They rebooked my flight back home from 19.00 to 10.45 without asking me which is a huge difference in time to fly back home. Impossible to get a hold of when trying to rebook. Everything is in German. I dont know what French complex this company has but having everything in German is very delusional. I do not recommend and will never fly with the company again. They have been bad at absolutely everything since I first booked my tickets. If I could give a zero I would.
  A bad experience. I appreciate that Taiwan prides itself on efficiency, but perhaps a little more attention could be spared to hospitality. On the plus side, the flight was on schedule and the plane was very clean. On the minus side, one meal for a five hour flight and nothing else, not even passing through with a tray of water in a plastic glass. The seat selection was a bad joke the plane was 90 empty, but on the online seat selection I was offered a choice of only two seats, neither at a window, both at the aisle. In the days of Covid, surely a window, seat is further from people walking down the aisle? The attitude of the cabin crew was frosty.
  Johannesburg to Windhoek. After one and a half hour delay no indication given of the actual time the flight will depart. No reason communicated to passengers. All consecutive plans made had to be rescheduled. Quite unprofessional considering the amount paid for this flight.
  First leg was great, great crew, food and beverage good, travelling with 4 kids all happy. Second leg dohcpt dreadful, no kids meals, ife rubbish plane old and dirty even though it was only 4.5 years old. Extremely turbulent flight but no reassurance from crew or pilot for nervous passengers. 
  An almost 2hr delay with super clear skies because of their own reasons delayed arrival of airplane and then waiting 50 min in the plain to get a lane to fly.
  Had booked tickets in advance to get the best rate. Booking process was easy and simple. Had also booked meals, however there are limited options to choose. I have travelled several times before on Thai Airways and their meals have been tasty. However this time the meals were not up to the mark. The drinks were offered after the food and if you ask for a coke, rather than giving a can, they will pour half a can in a glass. Looks like they are cutting cost or cannot afford. The staff was in a hurry to serve and would not bother to even listen at my query. I had ordered vegetarian child meal for my daughter, however was served chicken. She had to just eat bread and butter. Overall Thai Airways standards have fallen drastically and will think twice before booking in future. The check in staff at Bangkok airport was very rude and unhelpful.
LHRVKOLHR. Outbound delayed for over 3 hours next to no information given as to why. On board truly miserable service the food was almost tossed out and accompanied by soft drinks only. After clearing the food no further sign of the crew until landing. Return leg was an almost empty plane but service still at best robotic with only one drinks run in the 4 hour flight. If this is most improved on the skytrax rankings I shudder to think what it was before. Go with easyjet to Russia you may have to pay for food and drinks but you can at least choose something edible and have a more pleasant experience.
 Thoroughly enjoyed flight from Nur Sultan Astana to Frankfurt with Air Astana Sunday 14th Feb 2021, I was travelling from Almaty to Frankfurt via Astana. First leg economy, second leg business. The service on both flights was very good and the food and drink outstanding. Tasty sandwich on the first domestic leg and given plenty of choice and excellent presentation of starter and main course on the international flight. Good Job Air Astana.
We flew for the first time with La Compagnie in February 2016 from Luton to Newark and were extremely disappointed. The seat area on both outbound and inbound flights were disgusting. The seat controls were sticky, stained and seat coverings were stained. Quite evident it had been like that for months. We had to ask a hostess for wipes to clean the area again. We are frequent travellers and can honestly say that low cost airlines are far cleaner than La Compagnie. We will never use them again.
  Absolutely the worst experience ever. They were late, very disorganized, over priced on luggage, their self check in is flawed and we ended up having to help, they flew us our of different terminals which created major luggage problems. I will never fly this airline again. Dont waste your time, its not worth it.
  London to Tel Aviv. Rude and hostile cabin crew who behaved differently depending on whether you are Jewish or not. As I am not they were quite nasty to me. I definitely wont fly with them again.
  We had three bags checked with Air Canada and they lost all three. Tried many times to contact customer service but they kept me on hold for an average of 90 minutes, and the calls are farmed to another country, and it was sometimes impossible to understand the operators. I was able to go to the airport the next day and collect two of my three bags but the third one was lost. This was the important one with clothing and medications. I continued to call the lost baggage number four times total hold time was 425 minutes on July 5 and got different answers from each one as to the location of the bag. Tried calling Air Canadas front office, but they only respond to emails I guess they are afraid to hear customers yell at them. So I sent them an email on the complaint form and got the following answer in my email Due to the higher number of current requests, it may take as long as 45 days for an Air Canada representative to get back to you. I am now starting day three without my bag and no answers or help from the airline.  I never felt so helpless.
I was pleasantly surprised by Safi on a hop from Dubai to Kabul. Yes the aircraft was old and the legroom poor. But the flight was on time the staff friendly and the food free excellent. A shame there is no chance of a glass of wine! A big advantage of Safi is that it operates from the very civilised Dubai Terminal 1 making it ideal for connecting to most of the major carriers except Emirates. FlyDubai offers a slightly more comfortable service on the same route but operates from Terminal 2 which is little more than a shed and a very long and tedious bus ride to other terminals.
KA 380 from HKG to FUK on 165. Flight delayed for 2.5 hours but well handled with a HK$75 food voucher given to every passenger. The aircraft was a 20yearold A330300 with unexpectedly new cabin and a wide selection of inflight entertainment. Flight attendants were attentive and helpful throughout the entire journey. Inflight meal a cream sauce chicken pasta was hardly edible but glad to receive ice cream after the meal. Much to commend with the reservation concerning the catering service as stated above. KA 381 from FUK to HKG on 205. Flight departed on time. The aircraft was another old A330300 with old layout  seat was not comfortable and the IFE system was not efficient although again a wide choice of programmes. Cabin was too warm and uncomfortable with turbulence affecting during the entire flight. Inflight meal fish pasta was much better on this leg. Had to hold over HKG due to heavy showers and thunderstorm but was fortunate enough to arrive with a halfhour delay only.
  The trip was okay and the flight on time. They need to service food or at least soda or water in the plane. The seats are not comfortable.
Return of the outward flight two weeks ago, and just as bad, very late arrival, poor beverage. It seems that this airline cannot fly on time. I checked everyday whether this plane has flown in the last two weeks and it has only been on time once! It was cheap so I guess I should expect it. They also seem to find it difficult to accredit one world miles.
  Flew on Tuesday before Thanksgiving. No problems at all. I have to admit I do not like that we not even offered a drink. So you need to make sure that you carry on a beverage of your choice and any snacks as there is nothing on the plane. The plane was not full so the stewardess offered people to move to another seat so they could stretch out. It was very expensive but I assume that it was because of Holiday travel. I would fly again, as very pleased with this airline
  The ground staff was rude and combative, but the flight attendants were kind and helpful. The planes were nice. Overall, not a pleasant experience. By the time they have hit you with all the fees, you might as well have flown on a regular airline, in my opinion. Dealing with the fees and staff did not make the trip worth it.
  You have to watch a lot of advertising about Qatar during the flight. The seats were not comfortable, the flight attendants were friendly but overchallenged with the service. I had to wait more than half an hour to get a can of beer, they wouldnt give me enough water. My request for any snacks was friendly denied two times in a row. I cannot recommend this airline.
  Hong Kong to Wuyishan. Its a leisure trip to visit the homeland of tea Wuyishan, Fujian province. Xiamen Airlines does a twice weekly direct flight from Hong Kong. They deploy a small 737 aircraft. Similar to Malaysia airlines when using this small aircraft, 4 cabin crew work tirelessly to keep the journey smooth and comfortable. With one aisle and 3x3 seating, the pitch is quite comfortable. A simple hot meal in the style of a bento box is served, and is sufficient for a short 90 minutes journey. 2 rounds of drinks is a nice touch. Seat has no power outlet or personal, we were provided visual entertainment in the form of overhead TV, with mainly Chinese program. Luckily, since January, mobile phones in flight mode are now allowed to be used on board. So you can still listen to your favourite music, or watch your own videos etc., on your phone or tablets. That really help kill time. If there is one complaint, its the excessively warm cabin temperature. I am impressed by this airline. I wouldnt mind trying them for long haul flights in future.
  Perth to Nairobi via Johannesburg. This was the first and last time to fly with the airline. We get to Johannesburg only to be informed that the last part of the journey i.e. to Nairobi had been cancelled. The day before I received an email asking me to upgrade my ticket and clearly the fact that the flight had been cancelled was more important. Then the staff at the airport tell me theres nothing they can do yet there were other airlines plying that route. My agent goes to the Perth office and gets other tickets with another airline. Then they forget to load my baggage into the KQ flight, something they said they would do.
  Copenhagen to Prague. After observing the abuse by the gate staff, I did a little research and Czech airlines was sold to a private company Travel Service based in Prague and is now privately owned. Their obvious philosophy is to get as many 50 euro checked bags as possible. Seats are crammed and even water is not free! Check in procedure is terrible, gate staff rude contracted out to Menzies and confirmed by many reviews. I am a dual Czech  Canadian citizen and do not understand why the Czech government does not put a stop to this company. For many tourists an airline is the first point contact. Do not get discouraged by the airline, book with someone else and enjoy one of the most amazing cities in the world!
  The worst experience ever, we bought our tickets and have included a carry on luggage of 10kg for each person 4 of us. When arriving at the gate after the flight was delayed for over an hour and a half they asked us to pay an extra €50 per luggage even though We already had paid at the initial purchase saying it had to be checked in and that it was now too late to check in since the counter was now closed. Many passengers was asked to pay pay this amount it was a real scam.
  Was suppose to fly at midnight, but the flight was rescheduled 4 times and is now leaving 13 hours later. Every few hours I get a notice of reschedule. I spent Rm1k to change to this date to make the wedding and I will now miss it and lose the rm1k flight change fee that I paid. Worse airline and will never fly AirAsia again. 
 British Virgin Islands to Santo Domingo via San Juan with Seaborne Airlines. This is by far the worse airline I have ever flown on. Our captain after delaying our flight 30 minutes on a 45 minute flight decided that the luggage they demanded we all check in was too heavy for the flight. Instead of asking anyone to rebook to a later flight they decided to leave everyones luggage in BVI without informing the passengers. However, we paid the $50 for our bags to be checked. After clearing customs in Puerto Rico everyone sat in the luggage carousel area waiting to clear our luggage for our connecting flights. After an hour a member of Seaborne staff told us what happened and told us to go online to file out a claim as he had no forms. He did provide us a business card with a telephone number and email address for the online claim process. Off we headed to finish our vacation in the Dominican Republic with the clothes on our back, an iPad and our passports and wallet  how long could it take to get our bags back really? I mean BVI is a stones throw from The Dominican Republic. Well, numbers given to contact baggage claim did not work. One was out of service and the other went to a person who kept hanging up after saying he doesnt deal with bags. 5 hours of international calls on hold to customer service and 20 other numbers I managed to get someone and after 72 hours of begging and several emails with no response and our bags arrived. That $50 we paid to book our bags, what are the odds we will be getting that back? Never book on Seaborne  buyer beware I guess.
To those who complain about European LCs I would recommend a Japanese LC as Peach to see that EasyJet or RyanAir are not as bad as they look. Our flight an A320 was so late on arrival to Taipei and departure from Taipei that we landed at Midnight in KIX. Immigration  Customs. No more transportation available out of airport which is on an island! Peach did not take any measures at least advising taxis and we were just dropped off in an empty airport. They had their profit. They did not care as they had apologized for the delay. Peach sells a TaipeiOsaka 6.50 flight which is late in nearly 70 of the cases. It always arrives close to the last buses out of Osaka Airport. They know it but risk is at passengers expenses.
  I flew from Dublin to Sydney recently and the second leg of my trip was terrible. The plane for this leg for archaic with narrow seats, horrible leg space, and a tiny entertainment screen. The TV froze 1 minute into my 14 hour flight. I said this to the cabin crew straight away but was ignored until I asked for a 5th time almost 3 hours into the flight. In the end, they couldnt fix it, they claimed they couldnt move me as the plane was full, and offer me a $15 wifi voucher as compensation. Firstly, the wifi voucher only last 6 hours maximum, but in reality it doesnt even last that long. The staff member informed me that the data limit was low and so I couldnt watch videos on it, and this wasnt useful to me at all. The most disappointing part, however, is Etihads indifference and poor service after the fact by refusing to do anything for me as they already gave me a wifi voucher as a service recovery. Bitterly disappointing from start to finish. Do not fly with them.
  Manila to Puerto Galera. Air Juan gave me by far the worst experiences of airlines ever. On my first flight 2017, they managed to forget my luggage on a 3 passenger flight! In January 2019 I booked 2 tickets for a return flight to PG. On March 11 it was rescheduled, on March 29 it was cancelled. To this very day I have not received the refund of PhP 20k. I keep writing, Air Juan keeps dodging. Broke? Lazy?Incompetent?  I warn everybody of booking or flying with such an unreliable operation!
 Flew Johannesburg to London Heathrow. I have read many bad reviews of South African Airways so I was pleasantly surprised with our experience on board. Economy seats were comfortable, with sufficient legroom and recline. The only issue being the excessively stiff seat pocket. Anything thicker than a magazine is difficult to stow. On the flight to London we were given dinner and breakfast plus a good selection of drinks. Food choices were OK and if your choice was not in their cart the FAs were happy to find the meal in another cart if they could. They went out of their way to help. Service was generally very friendly, polite and efficient. Cabin crew seemed to be enjoying their job too, which makes a change from the sullen service on some European carriers. Inflight entertainment selections were a bit dated but OK. The major problem was sound quality. On this flight the movie voice soundtrack at my seat was completely garbled though the music track was fine. Perhaps the different language tracks were interfering. As I mainly wanted to sleep on this overnight flight this was not a big loss. Overall I was satisfied by SAAs inflight service, it was way above expectation. Ground service at OR Tambo Airport is shockingly bad but thats another story.
  Barbados to Bequia. SVG Air Grenadine Alliance will take you to Bequia and other beautiful small Caribbean islands. I flew them from Barbados to Bequia return in January 2019. Ignore any timetables or prices you find via internet search these are not current. Email the airline directly they will respond promptly and courteously. You will be billed in Eastern Caribbean dollars XCD. These are roughly 2.5 XCD per one USD. Expect your flight to cost roughly the same as or even slightly more than your flight to Barbados from the U.S. It may be more costeffective for a large group to charter a flight. Ground staff are laidback but helpful and courteous flight crew are professional. Checkin is straightforward and they will let you check one bag without fee plus bring a personal item on plane. I was able to fit a mediumsized duffel under the seat. Your flight may stop briefly at other islands, such as Canouan and Union Island, to pick up and discharge passengers. It is a beautiful ride. My flights were on DHC6 Twin Otters, a workhorse of global aviation and not claustrophobic for a small plane. Great views including through windshield, which you can see as cockpit door remains open.
  This was the worst experience of my life. In Helsinki I had problems getting a seat because I had checked in online. The next day when I was flying from Bucharest to I had problems checking in again online. And when I had to check in at the airport I had to pay 35 € extra and when I complained about that considering I couldnt check in online they decided I had a bad attitude and refused to give me a boarding ticket. After I had payed 35€.  Then after they felt they had humiliated me enough I got the boarding ticket. The staff was rude.  Do not fly with this airline company. Its not worth it.
  Zero customer service. I was only told no about 10 times on the phone. Lady seemed to hate her job. Within 7 days you cant pay for the difference in a flight. You have to pay full price for an additional flight.  Will never book with them again. Spirit is a better airline and thats sad.
  First of all please dont trust on SpiceJet. They never on time. They can kill your planning. Unlimited rescheduling. If you have any urgent work, inter change of flight be careful. Really worst experience.
Excellent flights to Guernsey  return. Attentive staff. ATR72 aircraft ideal for route. In flight free drinks welcomed and puts rivals to shame.
  Good experience, done web checkin and traveling without checking baggage so no check in experience, boarding was smooth. In flight service was good and so was food. Aircraft looks clean and hygienic.
  Bags delayed twice with no compensation or report. Our bags were delayed by 26 hours on our outward journey, meaning that we had no clothes  toiletries for our first day and night. We had to purchase emergency clothes and toiletries as a result. Our bags were again delayed on our return journey by 36 hours  although as this was the home journey we incurred no additional costs. Airlink refuses to reimburse costs over ZAR 350 per day. I had purchased insurance to cover any additional costs, but I need a Property Irregularity Report for my insurer. Airlink is not responding to my emails, and is not issuing a PIR despite many emails chasing. Useless airline and I will be avoiding at all costs in future. The flights werent even that cheap.
MadridCaracas in Business Class. At checkin confirmed Business Class Tickets and confirmed seats 1A and 1B but were assigned seats 36EF in Economy Class due to unknown reasons. After intervention got confirmed Business Class seats. Lounge was offered although was closed for refurbishment not the airlines fault however they should not that the lounge is closed. Inflight service very slow and basic seats seemed to come from the 70s no earphones no menu no travel kit no newspapers. Only inflight entertainment a movie in the middle of the flight  as no earphones available they put the movie sound through the PA system over the whole aircraft. No matter if you want to or not you must listen to the movie sound. Finally my bag did not arrive after a wait at baggage claim of 3 hrs to deliver the first bag.
  The absolute worst customer service in history! My luggage has been lost for over 5 days! Im in another country without medicine and clothes  Ive called every number provided to me and still no help and no luggage. One person told me that they think my luggage is in Chicago and hung up. What am I to do? The line is supposed to be 24 hours and yet I can only get a useless person at a certain time, otherwise they experience system problems and can not process the call. Never seen a company so reckless, careless, useless and horrible  full of lazy and unknowledgeable personnel!
 3.5 hours delay added to the waiting time 7 hours at the airport made my journey with Kuwait airways a hectic one! Im sorry to conclude that Kuwait Airways is not reliable in terms of punctuality.
  Brussels to Seoul via Rome. Staff on board was friendly, basic entertainment. My experience was quite satisfactory. I was very dissatisfied with my luggage. It had severe damage and inside many of my goods were damaged. They wouldnt compensate me for this issue. The customer agent says it needs to be reported after you claimed the damage at the airport itself. I think this will be my last flight with Alitalia.
  My friends bought flights to come visit me. Volaris boasts of having cheaper flights but you have to pay for your seat and either have to pay for an upgraded ticket if you want baggage OR pay for your carrying on and checked baggage. If you have to cancel your flight due to COVID for instance, which is what happened to my friends, they only give you vouchers for the flight costs not seat, not baggage, not taxes, so you lose all that money. If you bought a round trip, they split the money you paid into one voucher for your flight to the location and one voucher for your flight back from the location so that they are equal amounts. When you go to buy your new flights that you have to purchase within 90 days, you have to buy the flight there separately from the flight back. This means that if your flight there is more expensive than your voucher, you have to pay the difference so my friends have to pay over 100$ extra each for a family of three for their flight to Mexico. If your flight back is cheaper than your voucher, you lose all of that money which for my friends is more than 100$. So they are losing over $300 more in addition to their seat and baggage and having to pay over $300 dollars more! When you call to talk to the people they basically say this is how our system works. When you ask for a higher up they take your number. 
  Paris to Bangkok via Taipei. Overall is quite good except the food. I did not find many meat in EVA air meal. Taste is quite lite. For wifi, there is complimentary  30 MB, but it was quite slow.
 My first time flying with Scoot having read so many negative reviews for this airline. I found a great deal one way to Bangkok and just couldnt resist, so I took a chance. Around 200 AUD one way. Overall my experience was not too bad. If you expect something fancy from this budget airline, you have to ask something, what is important? Is comfort important or simply getting from point A to B? I chose the latter. Most of the time I took a nap while listening to music, so I wasnt in too much discomfort. Leg room was decent. My advice bring your own pillow if you have trouble sleeping on the plane. Overall Scoot did the job. This isnt Singapore Airlines in any manner. If being economical is important for you, give Scoot a try.
 Philadelphia to Wilkes Barre. While waiting for my flight 2 other flights delayed by American Eagle for maintenance. Then its our turn, 10 mins before boarding and our flight also is delayed for maintenance. Sounds to me like someone should take better care of their equipmentaircraft.
I recently travelled Aircalin BNENOUBNE in economy class and cannot report with the same enthusiasm as other reviewers. The meal out of BNE was served immediately upon takeoff and fell well short of the Frenchstyle cuisine advertised on Aircalins website consisting of a stale bread roll 4 slices of cold meat and a bland lettuce salad. The seat pitch in economy was reasonable and the PTVs on the A320 offered a good range of options including movies games and destination info. FAs were efficient though it was obvious that Frenchspeaking passengers were receiving preferential service. The return flight was delayed by 2 hours due to the crew needing a rest bad scheduling?. Meal on the return flight on the smaller 737 was better again served immediately upon takeoff. FAs were not to be seen for the rest of the flight once the meal service was over. No PTVs on the 737 and the entertainment on the main screens was only in French with no subtitles. Generally the experience was very average and I would not be in a hurry to fly Aircalin again.
Very good flight, comfortable seat with enough space, good service and meals.
Flight booked form FRA to GRU. Planned departure 2200 hrs. After boarding completed the plane went on a hold position and all the passengers had to get out due to Frankfurt Airport Closure after 2300 hrs. The chaos was perfect! No information poor assistance. Brought us to a hotel in Darmstadt and back to the airport the following day. There  absolute chaos at the gate. Hundreds of people just a few and stressed out TAM staff. Got a comment that my LH frequent flyer status would not count anymore as TAM is now a Oneworld member although I had booked Lufthansa and this was a Lufthansa  operated by TAM  flight. Finally left on the following day. Seats very narrow! Plane totally worn out. Staff very unfriendly. Staffs priority surely were not the passengers! Staff standing in the pantry and having a good time with coffee and drinks reacting rude to any request for help or drinks. Conclusion TAM  never again!
 Wuhan to Hong Kong. Overall the experience was wonderful. The flight was delayed for around one hour and meal was provided at the gate. The meal was even better than those served in cabin on many Chinese domestic airlines flights. Cabin crew were nice and friendly.
Turkmenistan Airlines is the worst airline I have ever travelled with. Flight attendants all Russian and Uzbek dont speak or understand English or Punjabi. They are rude whenever customers ask for help with their suitcases or hand luggage. The food is not nice drinks are served loads  every 1.5 hours. Entertainment poor very poor bring your own books magazines and iPodsMP3s. All they have is a screen showing you where you are in the world. The safety manuals are in Russian. If you were travelling to India you would want films music and games.
  Oman Air are true to their word they have refunded the money for my ticket in full accordance with their regulations as promised. They are a very trustworthy company. Thank you Oman Air.
  Narita to Vancouver, on a Boeing 7878 Dreamliner. This Airline as a whole is superb. We are in pandemic, but even though the cabin crews covered with face masks. it didnt hinder them to show casing the real smiles of how we are welcomed and accommodated on board as we fly high above 40k feet. This JAL cabin crew JL18 delivered an exceptional support and service. I had the lowest economy ticket but as a customer, all my expectations were overly met. Im on an economy ticket but I was treated as VIP. 
  The air craft arrived to the destination on time. The flight was clean and food was not the greatest. The snack they provide at the last leg of the flight must have been changed to a better one the wrap. The crew was attentive. Overall service is acceptable
  Their lack of care, lack of support and lack of customer service is monumental. My wife and I were celebrating our anniversary and heading to Bora Bora. Air Tahiti from LAX to Papeete and then on Air Tahiti regional carrier to Bora Bora. About 2 hours prior to our late night flight, Air Tahiti Nui cancelled the flight. The reason was that the incoming aircraft was struck by lightning. Understanding that safety is paramount and absolutely the most important factor of traveling, we understood that the aircraft had to be inspected. Keep in mind that Air Tahiti Nui only has like 4 aircraft in their fleet so its not like they can quickly bring in a new aircraft. We were shuttled to an airport hotel at LAX and told to come back in the next day as the flight would now depart at 2pm. Back to LAX we went and learned that Air Tahiti Nui kept delaying the flight with no information or communication to the passengers. When a Gate Agent did appear, we were advised that they are third party employees and have no further details. All this while we were watching tape being put on the front of the aircraft where it was struck by lightning. After hours again in LAX, the flight finally departed. Upon arrival in Tahiti there was no one from Air Tahiti Nui to provide hotel vouchers as the majority of passengers were connecting to neighboring islands and there were no regional flights out that late. There was a line of about 200 passengers waiting for some assistance from one woman sitting in the Air Tahiti office! After hours of waiting we were put up in literally a dump of a motel for the night. Knowing that the flight was cancelled the previous day, why would they not have staff ready to assist their passengers as well as hotel vouchers for those stuck in Papeete. Take my recommendation, fly an alternate carrier if going to Tahiti. Their Business Class product was terrible. 2x2x2 seating on a 787 where others offer plenty more room. Inflight entertainment was very limited and food was just OK but nothing I would expect from a flag carrier. Internet never worked and while flight attendant service was very cordial, it certainly does not make up for their lack of customer service. We lost nights in Bora Bora and I have written a letter to Air Tahiti Nui and the response basically was sht happens. Air France, United, Delta would be the carriers of choice. 
 Athens to Tel Aviv. Worst airlines I have ever taken. Paid for an expensive flight to be treated like dirt. Flight delayed for 12 hours, baggage did not fly with me and was stuck in Athens for another 12 hours. They told me they will get it on the next flight 12 hours later and immediately send it to my house but did not tell me when I can expect it. I reached Tel Aviv, tried to speak to EL AL office and waited 1 hour before getting turned away. Flight reached 12.20am, waited for nothing up till 2am. Tried to call customer service the next day but they had me on hold forever. One time, was on hold for 30 mins before I gave up. Called them hourly thereafter. Same thing. National airlines? Truly reflective of the state.
 Fastjet cancelled our flights. They refuse a refund and refuse further communication. At first said they would refund taxes, now we cannot get a single response from them after multiple emails. This airline sold us a product, they cancelled. 
DresdenLCY. Very good flight. On time enough space good catering for short flight. Staff pleasant. Reasonable fare. Recommended.
  Vancouver to Whitehorse. Air North is a wonderful friendly airline serving the Yukon. Their combination of an older fleet and genuine hospitality makes it the ideal way to get to Canadas beautiful Yukon. There is no IFE on board any of their aircraft which can be a downside for longer trips, but the food is all free and comes is greater quantity then the meal options you pay for on mainline carriers. Air Norths flights are finished with a warm cookie service which is always enjoyable. Overall a great airline and great customer service!
  I would give them a zero, but thats not possible. My one complaint about the booking process was that there was no definition online about the size of a personal item. However, I didnt even get the opportunity to have a flight experience. My ThursSun flights were cancelled the Tuesday before my departure. The only explanation was schedule change. Their phone number sometimes puts you through to a human, sometimes youre only allowed to leave a message. I was issued a full refund, but was not compensated for the price difference in the Frontier flight I booked $68 more, departing a day later on both ends of the trip at less convenient times or for the rental car I had to reserve due to flying into a further away airport $100, MSY instead of BTR. They offered a travel voucher for $100, but I will never be booking Via again, so I didnt bother accepting it.
  Hong Kong to Tbilisi via Almaty. A horrible and awful experience I ever met. Unprofessional ground crew and poor arrangement of delayed flight. I wont take Air Astana again and wont recommend.
 Toronto to Paris CDG via Keflavik. I flew yesterday and it wasnt a bad flight. I had no issues. Theyre a lowcost airline. You get what you expect and what you paid for. Our flight wasnt late, the flight attendants were friendly, the pilots were friendly we took a photo with them for my daughters first flight, it wasnt bad at all.
  The checkin and boarding were such a breeze and I really appreciate the zone system that made it even smoother. Very very generous baggage allowance for economy 2 pieces 23KG each. The airplane was comfortable and clean. ANA staff are some of the best out there so expect extreme quality of service. I was surprised that no snacks were served e but thats not a big deal.
  Seoul to Manila . Im traveling alone with my 3 year old daughter from Incheon South Korea to Manila, Philippines. I know we had 15 kgs baggage each but I prepared a combine luggage for both of us since Im traveling alone. Given my situation, they asked me to separate our luggage because it is their policy even though we did not exceed 30 kgs. I cant carry my daughter with two bags. They are inconsiderate for mothers traveling alone.  I will not recommend them nor taking another flight to them.
  This is the worst airline ever! Starting with a website that is sooo Not user friendly. To the extremely rude and unprofessional staff on the phone and in the airport. Nothing like waiting to check in and only 2 people working the counter while 6 people stand around talking to one anothers door theres about 60 people on line. Lazy doesnt even cover how these people acted! The food on the plane was awful! You could only have water to drink  the food was served prison style. No one smiled or even pretended to be happy, you felt like they were doing you a favor just being there. They picked up the trays of uneaten food and that was the last you saw of these miserable people. I did ask why they werent serving and soft drinks I was told it was due to COVID restrictions which I found out was false. The inflight entertainment was a joke 9 hours of flying with movies from 1990. Never again will I fly Alitalia.
  London to Dhaka via Bahrain. Customer service is absolutely appalling. They will extort every single penny from you. Plane dirty, food ridiculous. Timetable non existent. Too many faults to mention so Ill leave it there as Ive had enough of this airline.  For a middle Eastern airline this is shameful as your neighbours are doing an exceptional job than you. 
Booked over with Austrian, this morning flight was operated by Croatia Airlines. After take off, the flight attendant was walking with bottle of water and few plastic cups offering water. That was the only service available. No coffee, and when requested by one passenger the reply was that it was only for Business class passengers. After handing out water the flight attendant was nowhere to be seen until start of descent. Considering that the ticket for this return flight was more than 400 €, this service was terrible. They are not a low cost airline. In comparison, return flight operated by Austrian served coffee, bag of cookies as well as a small bottle of water.
 Singapore to Kuala Lumpur with Uzbekistan Airways HY551. I travel frequently between Singapore and KL, and I can say that it was my worst flight experience on this route. The boarding process was chaotic, I queued for at least 15 mins before boarding. The seat was very cramped and the cabin crew were unfriendly. The cabin was very stuffy before the takeoff. During the flight, there was no refreshment at all, apart from the welcome drink which was served before takeoff. There were PTVs available at every seat but it took me ages even to switch the language to English. Im very disappointed at this airline, I paid SGD141 for this one way ticket which is three times the price for AirAsia and get this kind of horrible service. I will avoid this airline at all times.
 A good flight with Dragonair from Hong Kong to Tokyo, on time, and the arrival at Haneda is a good thing free from long queue and custom hussle usually experienced at Narita will remember to choose Haneda flight if available. Good breakfast, hot items include rice dishes. Service is OK but no greeting to members they skipped this god gesture. New flatbed seat but not very useful for shorthaul even it was an early morning flight. A satisfactory flight but nothing special.
AmsterdamHeraklion Economy. Boeing 767300 plane with maximized number of seats limited leg space in economy class. For the price paid for a return ticket to Crete the service is basic. Meal is very basic cheese sandwich small juice apple cookie and small snack 1 hot and one 1 cold drink limited choice and all extra services are paid alcoholic drinks snacks. In flight entertainment is old movies few boring comedy shows headphones are only for sale. Martinair seems rather a low cost company without the lowcost tickets part  a return AmsterdamCrete 3h 30 is at least 300 euro.
  Delhi to Kuwait. I am very disappointed with staff in Delhi, they gave us a lot of trouble and made us wait unnecessarily saying that they do not know about the evisa of Pakistan and saying that its their first time flying that route. Hope it can be sorted out because this was my first time on the airline and its leaving me with a bad impression. Thanks
Flew Business Class from YYZ to POS. Flight left on time and arrived ahead of schedule. Inflight service was okay  nothing out of the ordinary.
  I havent boarded just yet. Flight was cancelled by the airline. Been really looking forward to the flight as Im visiting my family that I dont get to see that often. Whats shocking is that in order to change the ticket I need to pay even though airline is the one who cancelled the flight and customer service is not available. On the phone queue for 3 hours already and no answer. Im lost for words. Is there anyone at all who is willing to help or we just cash in these days! Disappointed is just understatement!
  So Paulo to Madrid via Casablanca. Good surprise! Great value for money, staff on the ground and in the air super friendly. You left at the right time, comfortable internal space, adequate onboard entertainment and pleasant dining. I recommend. Boa surpresa ! Otima relao custo beneficio, equipe em terra e no ar super simpatica. Saiu no horario certo, espao interno confortavel, entretenimento a bordo adequado e refeies agradaveis. Recomendo.
  Singapore to Taipei. Will never fly with Jetstar again no matter how cheap they are. They have staff walking around in the checkin area and stop every traveler and check their carry on luggage. If they exceed 7kg each, prepare to pay $60 cash only. They strictly enforce this and dont think you can go under their radar. I was flying from Macau 6 to Singapore 30. So I was wearing those thick and heavy jackets. After spending a few days in Singapore, I packed those few more pounds jackets in the carry on and they forced me to pay $60 to check in the bag. Why cash only? What if people have spent the last cent? Id rather fly with other airlines even if I need to pay more. Jetstar will lose me forever.
  Dsseldorf to Catania via Rome. Booked Alitalia, got Air Berlin. I was prepared for delays and even cancellations, because of the insolvency of Air Berlin. And indeed our original inbound flight from Catania tot Dsseldorf with a change in Milan was cancelled, but within 10 minutes we were moved to the direct ABflight CTADUS. Even better. So we had two punctual flights, with a friendly crew and reasonably priced drinks. Leg room was awful however. I like the small route screens on Air Berlin aircraft. But its all over since Air Berlin stops flying in a few days, so no recommendation. Pity, because Air Berlin was one of my favourite airlines. Never had any problems.
TangiersBarcelona on a Canadair operated by Air Nostrum  way better than Iberia its higher class and service is also better than Iberia. The whole plane was business class.
  The worst travel and service of my life, I am a frequent flyer on all kind of airlines regardless Flyadeal is a budget Airline they are residuals in terms of services and policy I travelled with my parents over 70 years of age and the counter staff  supervisor treated us very bad , rather than offering them wheel chair they made from is ping pong from departure entrance to counter four times asking to fit your handcarry, we are allowed 7kg each passenger and we are travelling 4 together holding two bags of 22kg as my parents cant carry anything. we split into more bags as per the request of supervisor but now he said you weight is fine but number of pieces has to be reduced, all the mess he made of make money and he even charged me the fees of my laptop bag which he considered a separate piece on top of all when I complain he said you can make fuss here its my country not yours. This is the standard and service Flyadeal is providing and hired staff to ripoff people , the management have to have shame of giving such training to staff and teach them to respect the passengers and treat them like your guest.
  We have flown Sunwing before, so knew what to expect with a budget flighthotel package to Huatulco from Vancouver. I opt for the premium seats, paying an extra $50 each way, which gives a bit of legroom in the bulkhead, and to be near the washroom. But be warned that if you have an aisle seat, you will be constantly jostled by people using the facilities. If you get a window seat, you have to climb over your seat mates and hope they are nice people who dont get annoyed at you stepping on toes, banging knees, or doing some creative choreography to not end up in their laps facing them. And then you have to go through the tiny galley, where the flight attendants are scrambling with meal and drink service. Lets face it, this is a flying sardine tin, and changing in the tiny closet of a bathroom in or out of weatherappropriate clothing requires the skills of Houdini. My husband quipped, .. not enough room to change your mind, let alone clothes. On this trip home, we had to drop off passengers in Victoria, before a very quick flight to our final destination, Vancouver, 11OO pm 100 am Huatulco time. When landed, the passenger count was off for some reason, and had to be recounted about 4 times. Flight attendant was snarky when I asked if a resolution was being worked out, and that she didnt have an answer and I should take my seat. We missed our takeoff slot during this mishap, so what should have been an expedient unloading of Victoria passengers and very quick flight home landed us in our airport hotel about 200 am 4 am Huatulco time. Not terrible in comparison to other delays Im reading about with this airline. They need a major improvement on their menu and execution of said menu. My husband was sitting across from the child from hell and his parents. This kid had screamed his way through the airport, prior to boarding, and they wound up on our flight. My sympathy for the parents dissolved when a passenger and the dad almost came to blows before the flight attendant intervened. Later, upon take off and landing, Dad refused to buckle the 4 yr old into his seat, and got into an argument with the flight attendant, who technically could have thrown them off the plane, and wish she would have. The kid calmed down, for the most part, for the rest of the flight. However, when we were delayed in Victoria, my husband moved up to sit with me and chat. When he returned to his seat, the child was sitting in it. The child had smeared gum under my husbands shoe, and it was ground into the carpet, no doubt under the watchful blind eye of his parents. I realized in the end that the flight attendants patience had been wearing thin all along, and bear her no ill will. I also realized that the crews start to Christmas Day wasnt ideal either. Then our luggage was delayed. My conclusions 1. Flying during the busy holiday season can be less than perfect. Things that cause delays are somewhat mysterious to us civilians, and may be based on facts that we arent privy toalthough they could keep us better informed. 2. Wider aisles and wider seats are desirable, but if you buy a bargain package, dont expect luxury. 3. Passenger behaviour and personal foulups may also be the cause of delays.
 Miami to Madrid. If your company wants COVID tests, check them! I went through so much time and trouble and no one even checked them! What a joke. Just remove this requirement.
 Copenhagen to Barcelona via Prague. Terrible experience. After being told I had to check my baggage I also had to pay 30€, then they did not get my bag or anyone elses on the transfer, bags on the second flight and we were left without for almost two days. I also was left on stand by without being told at any point when buying my ticket that I was. And so were at least 20 other passengers. The customer service was terrible and they would not even give me a glass of water. I will never fly this airline again.
  Terrible experience. Ill never fly with PLAY again. Our return flight on 11 February 2023 from Paris to Baltimore was to have a brief layover in Keflavik, but weather caused a delay. The delay then became a cancellation, which then became a delay again. Our departure went from 1130 to 2230 on Saturday 11 February 2023 as a result. After navigating the options provided to us we decided to accept the delayed departure, but because of the earlier cancellation, we had already booked with PLAY to depart on Sunday 12 February 2023 at 1130. We cancelled our taxi, had begun looking for a hotel near the airport, made arrangements for the care of our minor child who was at home in America, contacted our employers of the change and requested extra time off from work. All of this was for naught when the flight was merely delayed 11 hours. This required us to check out of our hotel, arrange for our luggage to be secured by them, schedule another taxi and spend extra time and money in Paris until the 2230 departure. At no point was an updated itinerary sent with the new time, nor were we sent an electronic boarding pass. Upon checking into CDG airport in Paris we were given our boarding passes to Keflavik, but no information regarding our next flight from Keflavik to Baltimore. No boarding pass, no explanation or departure time, no information from any employee at the PLAY terminal or from the flight crew while in flight or on the ground. We werent advised of where to go or what to do next. After landing in Keflavik at approximately 0300, we determined through a search that there is only one flight daily from Keflavik to BWI and the departure time was 1515 hours an unplanned layover of approximately 12 hours. With no hotel availability, my wife and I spent 12 hours trying to sleep on hard wooden benches with all of our luggage piled around us. After showering, dressing and departing our hotel on Saturday we would now be faced with wearing the same clothes and no chance to shower till we arrived home over 36 hours later. We could not check into our flight from Keflavik to BWI until 1215 so we stayed close to the terminal that airport employees told us would be opened by PLAY personnel eventually. Passengers filled a roped off section near the kiosks where the PLAY checkin would take place. An employee told everyone inside the roped off area that they would need to move to a different roped off section which chicaned to 45 PLAY checkin counters. Passengers asked why they couldnt just stay in the line and go to the counters. Her response was, This is not the line. The line is here, so youll have to go to the other line not quoting, but words to that affect. This caused people to start ducking under the ropes, dashing around cordoned off areas into the other area or those of us who were outside to make our way into the designated area. There was no thought or consideration given to those who had been standing patiently waiting for the customer service counters to be opened. The bond female, then left and there we only two booking agents to deal with the throng of passengers waiting to check in. With 45 available counters there were only two customer service agents working. We were fourth in line and it took us 45 minutes to check in for our flight. Terrible experience, but no I know to never fly with PLAY again.
  This was the worst airline company ever. Check in staff are not properly trained. The girl that was suppose to be helping me check in doesnt know hat to do, she keeps on asking the manager for help and her other colleague. Manager and colleague also doesnt know what shes doing. She keeps making phone calls then she came back to confirm that yes I as infact correct that a lap infant has a free check in luggage allowance. We missed our international due to their lack of knowledge, negligence, and irresponsibility. They refuse to book us with another flight so we dont have to miss our flight, they didnt.  I told them that we dont have money to pay for extra since we struggled just to pay for our existing tickets. This is the only time that I felt that if youre poor, they dont care, people or company will just step all over you. I was willing for them to fix the problem so that we can still leave to go to Philippines. I even told them that we can sleep at the airport floor and willing to fly the next day. Both EVA air and Alaska air will not do anything about it. We ended up staying at hotel hampton inn and picked the cheapest room possible and kept making phone calls after phone calls because Alaska air said this. 
We flew Edelweissair to Cancun Mexico in in their Business Class. Business class was 1000 Dollar cheaper then on American Airlines or Iberia. Very personal and friendly service. Excellent menu they even served fresh Ice Cream in cones! Nice snack before landing in Orlando stopover. The only negative point was this stop in the United States. Security checks were very annoying.
We bought two tickets to travel from Melbourne to Beijing via Shanghai late Dec 2014. Without any prior knowledge we were put on Shanghai Airlines instead on both legs. Outbound aircraft was a bit old but the inbound was rather new and clean. IFE English programs are rather limited and not up to date. They didnt change the movies selection our outbound and inbound flights were in different months. Established airlines usually refresh the IFE at the beginning of each month. Food was ordinary very Chinese and please bring your own food if you are hard to please. The FA served water very regularly two thumbs up. Too many announcements turbulence related and we were very annoyed. Passengers should have some common senses and not require reminders from the FAs. All in a very basic airline.
 I flew Business class on the nifty 76 seat E170 jet out of London City routed to Dusseldorf. The cabin interior looked a bit tired inside, the jet being 10 years old and prior to this the aircraft served with other airlines. Whilst Eastern Airways wont be in the league with the legacy carriers, I found the flight comfortable and the crew courteous and attentive. Overall no complaints with the fight, we were delayed outbound and the pilot made up some time en route. Eastern did exactly what was said on the tin and that was getting me from A to B as comfortably and safely as possible. 
Nice flight on Tunisair from Bologna to Tunis. Cant do online checkin so got to the airport early and got a window seat. Checkin lady was funny so that is always nice. Plane boarded ontime via bus and took off early. Flight attendants were friendly and served a nice lunch on the 1 hour 25 minute flight. Plane was Boeing 737600 and it was old! Tray table was broken in 12 and the overhead lining was coming down the back of the plane. So I wasnt sure about Tunisair maintenance practices. But the flight was good and we landed ontime and bags were off quickly.
I travelled London GatwickTripoliDouala with Afriqiyah recently. Arriving 4 hours late at 01.00 hours I discovered that my luggage and that of most of the other passengers was not on the plane. I could get no information from staff at the airport but was told that I would have to wait until Monday for the next scheduled flight to see if it was forwarded. With my schedule completely ruined and no change of clothing I had to book a hotel at my own expense and wait till Monday. I spent most of Monday at the airport trying to get information without success. Finally at 22.30 I was reunited with my luggage. Some passengers on that flight also did not get their luggage. I will not be using this airline in future even if it is still the cheapest deal.
Early morning Blue1 flight HELOUL with MD90 aircraft. They charge for everything on board. Breakfast 5 euros which would have been too much for me but sandwich with coffee would have cost the same. So bought the unhealthy bun  coffee for 250. On Finnair you get a sandwich and coffee for free even on this 1 hour route. Crew nice with one exception but they did not check that luggage was stowed away before landing. Does not give a nice impression especially after the problems that SAS and Blue1 have had with their planes lately.
  I booked flights through Air Tahit Nui before COVID 19. A leg of our flights for July 2020 has been cancelled by the airline, and they offered to change our flights to still fly on the same day, even though there is a ban on international travel which they acknowledge. We have been told that if we want to change our flight to any other day, we would have to pay $100 per person per fight. Save yourself the headache and never book through Air Tahiti Nui. They are dodgy. We thought they were a reputable company but they are not. How can they expect us to fly why there is a ban on travel. Absolute joke. 
  First time flying Pobeda they charged for checkin even though they admitted their online checkin system was broken. Their line was that they would reimburse this after landing but despite countless emails they never did. Decided to give them a second chance and they have unreasonably small sizes for hand luggage, for which they charged a hefty €30.
 Disappointing and frustrating from start to finish. Took hours to check all passengers in at Sydney Airport. No one was notified about a priority line for those who had already done online checkin, nor was there signage. We were told by the employee checking us in that we should have waited in that line. She was not a VN Airlines employee. For the whole flight, most peoples inflight entertainment was not working at all, or otherwise malfunctioning to the point that it could not be used. Staff were not able to offer an explanation other than to reset the screens over and over again  no apology or acknowledgment given. This was also the same experience on my return flight, 7 days later. Leg room is reasonable for economy, but the seating was hard and uncomfortable. Webbing behind the seats that holds things is extremely tight and cannot fit anymore stuff in there  so the extras they give like a bag with slippers, blanket, pillow, bottle of water etc. you just have to figure out where to place. Some peoples chairs leaned back way more than others, and it was very hard to get them to go back and forward.
  Such a bad customer service. Flight got cancelled and there is no way to contact them. The invoice reply is an automatic email and they dont answer the phone after calling two times and waiting over 50 minutes on the hold. Now after two months when I call it doesnt even ring. Is this even a real airline or a hoax? 
  This airline was great for my return trip from Toronto to Edmonton in 2023. The flight left on time. The staff were helpful and friendly. There was no waiting on the tarmac to leave the place. I was allowed to board last cuz Im a bit claustrophobic. Inexpensive ticket price. Staff were so nice! I bought a coffee for about $3 and it was fine! Thank you Flair for a stress free flight and on time.
 We flew from CalgaryMontrealParis. Paid almost $350 for the 3 checked bags. Our bags never arrived in Paris. We filed a missing bags complaint after arrival with a great difficulty as English is not their forte. The flight was delayed just over 2 hours to Paris. Till the day we were in Paris, our luggage was never delivered, there was no communication from Air Transat to us about the luggage. In Paris, they did not even know where our luggage was! We followed up everyday actually my nephew would call as he is fluent in French lucky us as we had him, I can only imagine what other customers would be going through who cannot speak French as to if they would even get a response. We got a call from some driver who was to deliver our luggage 2 days after we arrived and said to us that we have your bags and we will deliver at 7 pm we did not know that they only had one bag. We cancelled our sightseeing plans and rushed home to find out with dismay that no bags were delivered and no call was made to inform us why. After this date, everyday we would follow up and got told that our bags would be delivered at 7 pm but never followed through. Finally the day before we were leaving Paris to Delhi via a different airline 22nd morning we drove to airport to get our luggage. We thought we were to go to the terminal and talk to someone at Air Transat. To our surprise, we got a call from SOS Baggage and were told all our bags, not just one or two, are with them. Air Transat apparently hands over customers luggages to some baggage delivery service which in turn hands it over to this SOS Baggage company that actually is a store which sells travel bags and accessories. The customer service at this place was pathetic  no apologies, no explanation as to why the delay, why these were not delivered for these many days nothing! On my insistence and a bit of raising the voice, I was finally given emails about paper trail and to my utter dismay they had the bags since 18th June, the very next day we arrived in Paris. It is pathetic that Air Transat deals with such a company that charges them for bags delivery but never does, is unprofessional, provides lousy customer service and does not give a rats ass for customer or their vacation plans going haywire. Nobody till date has even contacted us with an apology, compensation nothing. Worst customer service. Isnt there an EU rule that if your flight is delayed by 2 hours you get 50 compensation?
Old A320 not the cleanest one small seating space. Poor customer service hotline and finally their website is almost useless. I couldnt pay for the trip online so I had to call the customer service and I wish I didnt  they hang up on me many times the operators are not polite. Crew is fine nothing exceptional. In a nutshell I dont recommend it.
Flew with Edelweiss several times. ZRH POP ZRH VRA  ZRH KGS its the best charter I know. Service is very friendly and swiss. They provide the best service in Switzerland.
  London to Harare via Johannesburg. Depart Heathrow on time, plane full to Johannesburg no spare seats. Served dinner then breakfast both of which were standard fare. Landed in Johannesburg on time then bussed to remote stand in Joburg  flight to Harare again plane full, served a hot brunch type meal and arrived on time. Cabin crews on both flights seemed efficient. Return flight from Harare to Johannesburg again full  SAA seem to fill their flights and yet manage to serve a meal on the 90 minute hop from Harare to Johannesburg. Johannesburg to London on another totally full flight, despite online booking and seat selection I was allocated a middle seat complained at check in and ended up in an aisle seat at the back of the plane. Departed on time and evening meal served  a sort of tepid beef stew, after which all the blinds came down and lights turned off  announcement was so that we can unwind and relax but on the outward flight same procedure of blinds down for security reasons  translated these both mean dont bother the crew. Seats are hard and narrow so sleep is difficult. Breakfast served before arrival. To be fair they provide meals instead of cereal bars etc and this is appreciated .
  Shocking service on arrival from London Heathrow. An attendant shouted at the arriving passengers all African passengers this way. We were literally herded like cattle to one terminal. There was one very basic canteen serving hot drinks in polystyrene cups. I asked a very rude attendant if I could go to the main part of the airport to shop and enjoy a meal. He pointed at a No Entry sign and walked away.
  Flew from LIM to BOG in Premium Economy. There was no one at the Premium checkin, so I was done in seconds. The Sumaq lounge was fine with a good selection of food and drinks. We left on time and arrived early. Cabin was fine, with middle seat blocked out. We were given pillow, blanket and a small amenity kit which I wasnt expecting. The flight attendant for our cabin introduced himself to each passenger and said to let him know how he could help. Breakfast was served and then I had a couple of beers. I had a question about luggage transfer at BOG and the attendant went out of his way to get me an answer. The BOG to MDE flight was delayed by about an hour but the flight itself is so short that we almost caught up time. For a 29 minute flight, they still served a small sandwich with crisps and a drink. I was impressed with both the service and the punctuality.
  Hanoi to Ho Chi Minh City. Jetstar Pacific is the worst airline ever. My boarding pass had the wrong name on it, and they made me pay US$100 to update it so that I could get through security. They tried to charge me $50 US to bring on my carry on bag when it was just a backpack.
 I booked Premium Economy from INV to LAX via LHR. They notified me of a cancelled flight on my return journey and rebooked me on a flight that my connecting flight arrived too late for! Then they cancelled a flight on my journey to LAX! They then cancelled the rebooked flight on the return journey and rebooking me back on the first flight that they had rebooked me on  the flight that I have no chance of making as my return flight arrives too late into LHR. They rerouted me from LAX to JFK to LHR  which I would have accepted  but they booked the journey in Economy LAX to JFK which my husband 64 with a knee injury  cannot do and now they wont change it  even though they have a direct flight from LAX to LHR with Premium Economy and unacceptable flight allows us 54 mins to transfer flights at JFK  and my husband wont be able to walk slowly, let alone quickly, after enduring the 6hour flight from LAX to LHR. I have chatted only to have my calls disconnected and I also have online chat which proves I did not accept this rerouted flight to JFK but they wont budge.
  This was my 2nd trip on Azerbaijan Airlines, had a previous trip in December of 2015, New York JFK  Baku  Tbilisi  Baku  New York JFK. On all 4 legs of my trip it was a fantastic experience as both the Cockpit and Cabin crews did an outstanding job and provided an outstanding comfort and relaxation. Baku and Hayden Airport are world class with very friendly people, my family and I will always travel to Tbilisi via Baku all the time as we always get a fantastic flight with a very professional crew all around hands down. Thank You for a great experience again as we traveled on September 25 2017 and returned on October 28 2017. I encourage other family and friends to fly Azerbaijan Airlines whenever they travel towards Georgia and other points in the region.
 This was the worst service Ive ever experienced on an airline, and Im a millionmiler on one US carrier and have flown hundreds of thousands of miles on other airlines, including many on Asian budget carriers. Anyhow, my flight LA4297, from CTGMDE was delayed by 3 hours from 08.51 am to 11.45 am. I had purchased a premiumeconomy ticket. On these shorthaul flights in Columbia, they only have premiumeconomy and regular economy seats. When I went to board LA4297, after experiencing the 3 hour delay in a crowded waiting hall during the Omicron surge, the gate agent told me I was bumped to a later flight, LA4295, that departed around 50 minutes after LA4297. Must have been bumped for a VIP, otherwise, they would have bumped a passenger from regular economy class. So I paid more for my seat and got lousier service. When I finally arrived in MDE, four hours after my original scheduled time, my suitcase was nowhere to be found. And nobody from Latam was in baggageclaim to help me. Luckily, an employee from Avianca, the Colombian national carrier, felt sorry for me and helped me find Latams office. So after walking 34ths of the way around the airport and killing another 12 hour, I was able to locate my suitcase that camein on LA4297. Im 70 years old. Later, I tried to file a complaint online for Latam using their forms. But it kept saying they could not process the claim or something like that.
  They dont let you check in until 2 hours before the flight and created a huge line. On the way here we missed our connecting flight because they were scheduled too close together and they blamed us. They forced us to check our carry on bag and charged us 70 euros when we carried our bag on the previous flight. It was bought as a carry on bag and they refused to let us carry it on without paying.  The flight attendants ignore call lights. Couldnt get a drink of water on a 7 hour flight. Worst airline ever. Dont fly with them if you want a relaxing, stress free flight. 
  Excellent Velazquez lounge in Madrid, with real meal. Very quick boarding, and fabulous crew on board. Covid precautions well enforced. 3 points might be improved Entertainment system is outdated, with an extremely limited choice of movies as well as poor flight tracking. Seat cushion is much too hard, and access to baggage compartment is nearly impossible. Too high.
  I had a trip Porto  Milan  Bristol, after Ryanair cancels my flight a few hours before the flight with no alternative options for me to fly to Bergamo, I asked for a refund for the second flight leaving Bergamo. Everyone can tell that the second flight was also affected but Ryanair doesnt allow me to cancel, refund or pay 45€ to change the flight, the flight cost 27€  why does changing a flight costs more than paying for a new one?
TunisAmsterdam TU 638 23122014. Very good no frills airline. Mostly on time. Apparently with delays on some airports like LHR might be a UK problem. Decent food. Nice personnel. I like that one pays a decent fare and one way is half of roundtrip.
  Checkin system seats everyone in the back. Upon boarding, the flight is delayed because they have to shuffle passengers to the front of the plane because of a weight imbalance. Safety first right. Just a coincidence how all the front seats are more $$ to sit in then the back and people dont wana pay to sit in the front so the system seats 90 passengers in the back. So we spend 10 minutes shuffling passengers from the back free seats to the front paid seats then the flight is delayed due to a airport issue. Go figure. Profits over safety is the underlying moto for all low cost airlines.
The planes are quite new A320  330 roomy and comfortable featuring blue lagoon fishes seats. Nice PTVs reliable and good quality screen and content in A330. A320 have footrests adjustable headrest and good pitch even in economy. Hibuscus business class seats on 320  330 are very good especially for 2 or 3 hours flights. Meals are good even on short flights NOUBNE 135 you have a hot meal with choice of 2 dishes if the flight is on lunch or dinner time if not a snack or breakfast. On medium PPT to long haul flight NRT  KIX you have two meals. Wines champagne in business class liqueur after meals and aperitif. Overall good FA although it can really depend  there are better and worse FA. The checkin is usually efficient excepted during christmas holidays  additional flights and Noumea Tontoutas 12 check in counters are not enough for 3 flight nearly at the same time. Boarding is quick and flight rarely late.
  The food on board are salty and expensive. Our flight going to Phuket was delayed but the boarding crews didnt inform the passengers. Coming back to Philippines, check in crew was grumpy and the boarding crew was not friendly
  No customer service, battle to get a refund caused through their own failure. My ticket conditions include changing the flight before and even after the flight. Made me comfortable during COVID 19 in Jan 2022 in case I do get stuck. And it happened, I was calm as I can just change my flights with no extra cost. Well, what I didnt expect was that the website shows a constant error, and didnt allow any booking changes. So ended up flying with Emirates and all I get from Finnair, AUD 118 as a refund for my flight back to Australia, which I couldnt take due to their technical issues. Great having the customer paying for their failures.
VIEMUCVIE on new Embraer E190 seated in row 2 and row 1. Boarding smooth although a docking pier would be preferable in VIE. Cabin seats clean and looked new. The legroom was above average and comfortable for the 40 mins flight. Snacks two very good Demel sandwiches and drinks softdrinks coffee water were served. On the way back to VIE MUC airport was closed due to thunderstorms and the flight was delayed over 1.5hrs. In the meantime cabin crew offered hot Frankfurter sausages. You get free mainly Austrian newspapers and magazines after boarding. Flight attendants were friendly and helpful although they have a lot to do during this just 40minutes short flight.
28th August 2013 I took a flight from Malaga to Melilla. I found the ground staff to be very professional and well turned out. They were welcoming and conducted their duties with pride. The flight was on an ATR aircraft which is ideal for the relatively short flight from Malaga to North Africa. The flight departed ontime and the cabin crew conducted a safety demonstration. Bizarrely one of the cabin crew showed the food to purchase card but then said there was nothing to buy! The flight was suitably comfortable and arrived into Melilla exactly as per schedule. Disembarkation was well managed and orderly. Overall I had a good impression of Air Nostrum. The tickets though seem expensive.
  Quito to Lima. Absolutely worst Customer experience  service I have faced with any airline globally! Not only did they cancel our flights, but then demanded we send 8 documents to them, justifying why we want a refund, including a signed letter from us?! This is absolutely appalling service, given that the majority of airlines around the world would give you an automatic refund if they cancel your flight. To top if off, I spent over an hour trying to contact customer service about the issue and when I finally go through, their only response was there is nothing I can do, you need to deal with the refund team who conveniently dont have a contact number. Shocking  wont ever book with TAME again..
One way ticket from Tel Aviv to Rome. The aircraft is half empty Israir really dont know how to sell those tickets. I asked for vegetarian food and got a weird sandwich no expectations there. Overall it is a good airline. Service is good.
  Humiliating treatment. It cannot be understood that people who work in front of the public treat people so badly. We did not know that we had to do the check in online. When making the reservation, select an option for which a higher amount was paid but the bags could be checked in. As in most companies, I took it for granted that when you checked in your suitcase, they gave you your boarding pass at the counter, which was bad on my part, we should have been informed and we assumed that the mistake is ours. We had to pay €45 each, €90 in total, but although this is a significant expense for us, the displeasure was the treatment received by the employees, they spoke to us and treated us without respect and laughing. I recommend people fly with any other company, respect and education are being lost.  Trato humillante. No se puede entender que personas que trabajan de cara al pblico traten tan mal a la gente. No sabamos que haba que hacer el cin on line. Al hacer la reserva seleccione una opcin por la que se pagaba un importe mayor pero se podan facturar las maletas. Como en la mayora de las compaas, di por hecho que al facturar la maleta te daban la tarjeta de embarque en el mostrador, mal por mi parte, deberamos habernos informado y asumimos que el error es nuestro. Tuvimos que pagar 45€ cada uno, 90€ en total, pero aunque para nosotros esto supone un gasto importante, el disgusto fue el trato recibido por los empleados, nos hablaron y trataron sin respeto y entre risas. Recomiendo a la gente volar con cualquier otra compaia, se est perdiendo el respeto y la educacin.
 Dubai to Mumbai. I had a horrible experience travelling on July 4, from Dubai to Mumbai. First of, the flight got delayed by a full 6 hours and reschedule time was notified by email, just 6 hours before departure. This caused inconvenience to me and a lot of other passengers who were traveling ahead. Second, the ground staff was only shouting at passengers at Dubai airport to keep away and no explanation for the delay. In the meantime the flight further delayed by an hour. Apparently the flight did not take off from Mumbai and ground staff refused to check in passengers till it arrived! Finally we boarded after an 8hour delay with no explanation or apologies from ground staff. They refused my cabin baggage saying the flight is overbooked a term I heard for first time in my ten years of international travel. After boarding I was shocked at the condition of aircraft. There was torn seats, no security handouts. I missed my onwards flight as well. This airline is pathetic, I would never ever book with again. 
  Madrid to Prague. For me its important to fly in a window seat, thats why I am always one of the first passengers to be in the check in queue. When I was checking in the staff insisted that I should check in my hand luggage, even if the weight and the mesures were perfect. I said no. Her revenge was simple, she told me no windows were available. Told her that was impossible because I was one of the first passengers to be attended, her answer thats the lowcost rules, and consider youself lucky because at least you go next to your wife. Later I knew that the choice of being in window or corridor was given to other passengers. My  message is Dont fly in smartwing if you like education. I had never seen such an abusive and capricious attitude from a professional. You dont want to check in your hand luggage, you dont have a window. 
 Really bad service, they cancelled our flight to Frankfurt 3 hours before departures, giving us no option to reebok. We had to flight to Namibia and had everything organized the option they gave us was to reroute on 2 days later losing money and time. So we booked a train that we paid ourselves, we did several claims and calls  no answers, no help, no refunds. We paid for a ticket and for a train, a lot of stress, the train was full and we had to stand for 4 hours. Im writing this out of frustration, we live in Germany we have Lufthansa credit card, the miles and more program. It is getting after covid the worst airline, expensive and with bad customer service. It is not like before. Do not book with Lufthansa, do not subscribe the credit card, do not join the miles and more program. Use Air France it is way better
  Hanoi to Osaka Kansai. First time to fly Vietnam airlines and we were not impressed. The food in economy was terrible, crew did their bare minimum and we could see them sleeping in their crew seats during take off and landing. Also the plane wasnt cleaned properly  crumbs and wrappers on the floor. The good thing was the IFE which was very user friendly and quite a few selections.
  The best airline I have flown with. Everything was as expected for business class. The seats were to die for! I actually slept and I never sleep on a plane. The flight crew was excellent and the landing was the best Ive experienced. Definitely recommend flying with them.
  Every flight with LATAM 4 in total during my 3 months Latin America tour was a disaster, both in Premium Eco and Business. No lounge for Star Alliance Gold clientsbusiness passengers in Cusco, no service on board, not even water, priority luggage was the last on the conveyor belt and my suitcase had a nonrepairable damage. 1h to take up the damage by the staff and the status quo after weeks of complaints is that they are not willing to pay more than 80 USD despite the luggage being new. 
  Flight itself was full. Sitting inside the cabin 20mins for waiting another plane to land so we have had to hold short at the runway longer time. Bad weather resulting delay departure, powerful turbo plane. A small packs of cookies, nuts and drinking water was provided as a refreshment .
  Beef Island Tortola to San Juan. I would not recommend this airline to my worst enemy. Its not the confusion from the check in counter, or the unscheduled delays. Its not even the fact that I missed my connecting flight, and was stuck for 14 hours. It was the complete and utter disregard for the customer. I work in a customer based industry, and have dealt with a lot of people in my time, but the customer service for this airline is by far the worst Ive ever come across. When you call in, and the representatives say dont bother calling the supervisor they dont pick up because of the amount of complaints we get it says something. The people who fly with you are what gives you job security. There is no need to be rude, arrogant, and blame the customer for circumstances that they didnt ask for nor pay for. This airline is a zero in my book and I hope people dont have to go through what myself and other people on the flight experienced.
  I have flown many times on the Cape Town to Lisbon route via Taag over the last year and have been more than satisfied with the airline. The 333 seating offers significantly more space than the airlines with a 343 configuration and the stopover in Luanda breaks the monotony of the long flight to Europe. Disembarking to a bus in Luanda lets you appreciate the scale of the B777, if you are interested in aircraft this will be a highlight. Luanda airport is not a great place, very expensive drinks and food, not much to do, but on the positive side it seems to be much cleaner than before please keep that up. The 7 hour flight to Lisbon goes quickly and I slept through most of it, so the limited range of movies did not bother me. Food is fine for economy, its actually quite tasty and the presentation has improved a lot, the red wine was a very pleasant Portuguese wine from the Douro valley. The hosts and hostesses got their job done efficiently and pleasantly, though one host from Cape Town to Luanda clearly was not there out of love. All in all, no one will ever rave about an economy flight but this is one of the best and most comfortable ways to get to Europe from South Africa and while it seems that the Emirates management has stopped Since June 2017 it has not affected the service.
  Brisbane to Sydney. Our first flight got canceled and My wife forgot to check in online for the other flight. We showed up at the airport 45 minutes before our plane left. They said they couldnt check us in because paperwork has been submitted and she could not alter it, as she can get a $35 fine. Service is rubbish, they dont even try and help. Very rude and disrespectful. Id rather pay $200 more per flight so I dont have to deal with such disrespectful people. Both women were rude and I ended up paying $200 more for another airliner.
  Cologne to Moscow, If you chose to fly with this airline please read all the latest policy of airline about baggage, onlinechecking, etc. Otherwise, you may be asked to pay 25€ or more at the airport, or you cannot fly, because airline has changed some rules that you need to pay. This happened to me, and the support of Pobeda are rude and not responsible, although they had no answer to my complaint. Very strict about the size of handbag.. Really really stupid rules.
 Singapore to Seoul. My wife and I were travelling with our 8monthold baby. During online checkin for SINICN, it appeared that there was no way to request for a bulkhead seat, hence we decided to request over the counter. Unfortunately, the bulkhead seat was unavailable, but the gate agent was kind enough to allocate an empty seat, allowing us 3 seats across. Appreciated the gesture very much. She also mentioned that on the return trip from Seoul, a note would be made to the airline to allow for a bulkhead seat. Sadly, during checkin over the counter, it seemed that the request was not processed by the airline and no effort was made to salvage the situation. Instead, the gate agent told us to pay extra for a bulkhead seat which was in the forward economy cabin there are two economy cabins forward required payment, back did not require payment. We were shocked to know of such a practice  trying to squeeze every dollar out of passengers, what more passengers who have paid a premium over a lowcost carrier. A complete lack of empathy. No infant seat belt issued on both flights. Limited inflight entertainment more like a 3 or 4star airline standard. New A350 aircraft. On time departure and arrival. Asiana does not deserve the 5star airline rating. Not recommended to fly unless the price is on par with other 4star airlines. You are better off with flying on 5star airlines like Singapore Airlines, ANA or Qatar Airways.
A very pleasant experience with Air Austral. The food was above average for economy. The movie choice was a bit limited but there was enough in English to keep us entertained. As much to drink as you wanted. The onboard crew were outstanding  friendly and professional. The best economy cabin crew I have experienced for a long time. It is also by far the best route to Madagascar and especially Nosy Be with a direct flight from St Denis.
  We flew premium economy and this was our first flight with Vistara. Flight was good and staff excellent. Having paid a little extra for premium economy I expected to give a glass of prosecco or champagne but received a small glass of water or orange. The airline tends to serve food and drink at the same time instead of drinks first but you had to ask for a second drink. Seats are comfortable. Biggest let down is they do not offer a choice of food for coeliac gluten free. Fortunately we had contacted the airline and we took our own food but the staff on the flight did their best to find something for my wife. Ground staff dont care if your luggage has priority and on arriving at Heathrow although ours was marked priority it was one of the last ones out. Overall flight was good but waiting for luggage at Heathrow not good.
  I checked in at Frankfurt Turkish Airlines counter with no problem and easy check in and received both boarding passes first flight and connecting flight both Turkish Airlines. Good flight to Istanbul. But at Istanbul when I went to the gate for my second Turkish flight, the employee tell me my carry on is overweight and demanded 36 EUR. I explained that I checked in at Frankfurt and there was no issue on weight and how could the carryon suddenly be overweight. I only had an hour to get to my connection and of course did not have time to even go to a store to buy anything it was the same carry on as in Frankfurt. Unprofessional and I will not fly with Turkish again. They got 36 EUR extra but lost a customer.
From the moment I settled into my seat the flight was enjoyable. The range of inflight entertainment was amazing, the food was tasty, and the portions were generous. The flight attendants were friendly and efficient. I didnt feel they were in a hurry to clear the meal trays, unlike some airlines. The plane was clean including the toilets. I particularly liked the moving map with the pilots view camera, better than a window seat during take off and landing.
Fly BNEEMDBNE regularly for work. Cabin is tidy small but comfy and always get fed and watered choice of red or white or beer after 3pm. Luckily work pays for the flights as a return trip can easily cost $900! Cabin can be a little noisy due to the propellers but chuck some headphones in and watch a short movie or TV.
 Business class is total fraud! Twice the price. Total waste of money! 1 No priority check in in Lanzarote. Despite 3 million tourists a year coming through the airport in Lanzarote, they dont have online check in. But 50m queues, 2 hours before check in like it was some developing country in 1984. When check in opens, they briefly check in business class, then allow economy passengers to move to the business queue, which is then always blocked. No staff checks if you have business ticket or not. So unless you are 2 hours before checkin, there is no priority check in. This time there was an Edelweiss person, but he didnt do much good, compared to the other times where it was just I dont give a damn Swissport personal. Waste of money. 2 There is no priority security. 3 There is no priority boarding. A lady shouted faintly business once, waited for 20 seconds, then started boarding all other passengers. Didnt matter since we all ended up in the same overheated bus anyway! So actually, if you go early during this 20 seconds window of priority boarding, you end up waiting longer than economy. 4 The food is just some microwaved slime. 5 The seats are exactly the same as economy class on this flight. Yes there was a seat free in between, but how is that more comfortable if the seat itself is small and short leg room. 6 The carpet was dirty, the seats old and ripped. Never again will I book business class with Edelweiss. A total rip off.
  Milan to Tel Aviv. Good European Business class with separate cabin and full business service. 16 Seats in configuration of 2x2.  Air crew was  professional, nice and welcome, food was good. WiFi worked well and it was free.
 Overall very pleasant and enjoyable flight, especially for the price point. That basically places it directly against budget carriers like Jetstar and they are just in completely different leagues. The Rex domestic 737 fleets, as you may know already uses previous Virgin Australia planes, and the interior is essentially Virgin themed Virgin colored head rests, bulkhead covers. Which dont get me wrong, it isnt a bag thing at all. This means at a budget rex price you get to enjoy full service carrier class legroom same legroom ad Virgin Australia and everything. There are also snacks provided during the flight again, something you dont see often at this price point along with a complimentary drink. Boarding is done via jetbridges for the front section of the airplane and stairs for the back section, to speed up turnover times. Overall, an excellent option that definitely introduces fresh competition to the other carriers serving this short MelbourneSydney route!
 Reus to Manchester. I was travelling with my adult son who is on the Autistic spectrum. I cannot fault any of the staff we came into contact at both Reus and Manchester airports. They did everything possible to ensure a quick and safe passing through security and passport control my son doesnt like crowds or strangers touching him which enabled us to have an eventful free flight. Cannot recommend this airline enough, this is the 5th time we have flown Jet 2 and every single time the experience has been fabulous.
  I cant believe how awful service they have. I needed to rebook a flight with them, not only I couldnt do it online, but when I went to do it personally at the ticketing office at the airport they wanted to charge me over double the original price When I asked why so expensive, the lady at the counter couldnt even explained me wh. I ended up booking in AirAsia.com and losing the flight, time and money with Cebu Pacific. Please dont make the same mistake I did and go to other airline!
I have now been delayed more than 38 hours for my original flight from Guilin to Chengdu the 8.50am flight on 15th May 2015. There was bad weather at Guilin airport so we there are 2 of us both western were sent to a hotel in Guilin. We waited at the airport until 16.00pm for this service. Shangdong Airlines then failed to tell us that the flight was moved to 02.00am so we stayed in the hotel and missed this flight. Today we finally had our flights changed to CA4324 and we were promised 1st class tickets to Chengdu in way of some small compensation for the extreme delay. This was arranged by a Chinese speaking friend with Shangdong Airlines directly. When we arrived back at the airport we were told that there were no 1st class tickets. So weve been delayed by 38 hours almost 39 now and now weve been lied to about our replacement tickets. This is the worst customer service Ive received and obviously the longest delay Ive experienced.
  San Francisco to Newark. Virgin America used to be my preferred airline because they used to be very good with their service, even if their price sometimes is higher than others. But this time was different, flight attendants had bad attitude, took them forever to get some water, and I was forced to paid $50 for a worthless kennel by their staff I never had problems with my original kennel before. That kennel could barely fit my dog, My poor dog sized small had to sat in that little piece of junk from San Francisco to Newark. The staff even said if I dont get their kennel then I have to wait for their next flight. If I did not have to go to work the next day I would take it to their office to make it right. However, this will be my last business with Virgin America. So good luck to whoever flying with their pet by Virgin America.
 I think the worst airline I have ever travelled. Do not use them unless you have to. Business class is the worst I have flown  uncomfortable seats, poor quality food and the worst entertainment I have seen on an airline. To cap it all they have lost my baggage which is where they unravel even further with customer service that is completely nonexistent. They dont answer the phone, dont respond to emails and their online chat means waiting for 30 minutes and then realising that they actually have no one there at any time of day. Its a novel way of taking responsibility for their failings  just dont answer. I cannot understand how Sky Team can associate with this airline. I will not fly with them again and nor will anyone in my business. 
Shenzhen  Shanghai Hong Qiao. Delayed for 1 hr due to late arrival of previous flight but information was sufficient. Seat condition okay with a lot of legroom meal service the best Ive ever experienced on flights in China. A large range of drinks. Flight attendants friendly and seemed professional.
 I enjoyed the flight. Check in was easy and the flight actually departed early. Flight attendants were very friendly and efficient and the aircraft was very clean .
One of the worst airlines I have ever flown with. Of course you can not expect much in a country like Papua New Guinea. Overall I had six domestic flights all were delayed by at least one hour. All planes were in a disappointing condition. The cleanliness was poor the crew were rude incompetent and not very service oriented.
  I asked when checking in if a bassinet would be available for my son and was told that it would. On both legs of our flight we were not placed close to the bassinet seats and were told, thats just the way it is. We had to fight to get the seats by asking other passengers to swap with us or refusing to sit down until we were moved. On the CairoHeathrow leg of our journey two other passengers tried to stop airline staff from installing the bassinet and then insisted I stand up and move seats before it could be installed, thus waking my son. They then asked me to carry him for the last two hours of the flight as they were uncomfortable.  As a single parent I also needed a space to place my son safely whilst packing my bag or performing other tasks. When I refused to take down the bassinet the passengers were unpleasant and I became very upset. The captain of the flight took their side against mine and told me that, there is no problem, the only problem is that you are shouting. I was left very angry and upset and received no apology. I will not be flying with Egypt air again under any circumstances.
  I booked Gatwick to Cape Town via Doha return. I was told that the first sector was a code share from LGW to Doha and would be operated by British Airways I reluctantly accepted this. I got told that on the return journey the Doha to LHR this sector was also going to operated by BA. At this point I told Flight Centre I wanted to cancel all the flights and get a full refund. My travel agent then came back with an offer to change the flight back to a Qatar Airways flight from Doha and to Gatwick which I accepted. We flew on LGW to Doha which was as expected a very average Club experience on an old style BA plane. Doha airport was a nightmare, badly signposted, heaving with people,  Wi Fi was rubbish a very poor experience. Doha to Cape Town in the Q suite is a very nice way to fly. Better than BA first class in many ways. It lived up to expectations and was good news. The day before our return to the UK, received an email from Qatar saying another change of plane and no Q Suite. Could not delay flying back due to commitments. The seat was hard, lumpy and uncomfortable and did not properly go into flat bed position. The staff on board were hugely apologetic but there was nothing they could do. A pretty poor flight to Doha, where we then found the main business class lounge closed and everyone packed into another lounge. The flight to Gatwick not a Q Suite but it was a reasonably modern plane with good service. I wrote to Qatar Airways saying I had not received what I had booked and paid for and got a very polite letter back saying they were not prepared to give me any compensation whatsoever. 
  Zurich to Newark. Staff was very friendly and the food was not bad. The drinks were frequent and alcohol included which was great. There were customers who smelled as though they had not showered in days. They were up and moving all flight. Several passengers yelled at them as the airline attendants did not address their lack of concern for other passengers. Had it not been for these people the flight would not have been bad.  For a 9 hour flight the airline was actually not bad all things considered.
  Bangkok to Melbourne via Bandar Seri Bagawan. Youd swear this was a different airline. It started ok though. Check in was quick and we had an express pass through security and immigration which was a blessing. We had a pass given to us for the Air France lounge, Oh my trying to find this was a huge challenge, they really need better signage in this massively large busy airport. Fortunately the lounge wasnt far from the gate, The flight to Bandar Seri Bagawan was unremarkable, nice food and comfortable, On arrival in BSB we walked to transfers to be met and told our plane was in the UK with a cracked windscreen and that our Melbourne flight was postponed. The staff were very good and had pre filled immigration forms for us, walked us through there and put us in a taxi to a hotel for the night with a voucher for a meal there. The same taxi driver met us in the morning and took us back to the airport. Went to the lounge for breakfast and eventually a plane arrived, we heard it came from Jeddah. The flight home however was disappointing, there were only nine of us in business yet staff were hard to find, they seemed to run to the back a lot, We were told brusquely  get your trays ready, meals will come soon. We got the first and second course then nothing. Pillows were distributed, no duvet. Entertainment was extremely limited, It felt like a different airline to our outgoing experience. I did ring the call bell for a tea later on. Nothing was ever offered during the flight. The lack of consistency was disappointing overall. We arrived finally, our bags were not long to arrive.
  This review relates to my experiences using Air Arabia Maroc. The website is straight forward to use but I was later frustrated when the system would not allow me to checkin online. I flew from Tangier to Gatwick on 17th February 2023 and found the checkin agent to be friendly and efficient as well as polite and clearly a gifted linguist too! The checkin process was prompt as was the departure. It was reassuring to see that security was taken seriously and several checks took place before boarding. My only gripe was that no provision was made for elderly people, disabled passengers and those with babies to have priority boarding. Some passengers were allowed to take far too much hand luggage while others were strictly controlled. A lack of consistency was apparent. The cabin crew were efficient. Service was based on those who preordered items online. The staff then performed a purchase trolley service. This service was well organised. Full credit to the staff. The seats were comfortable and a route map was used on this A320. Disembarkation was a reasonable affair but the crew were not to be seen to say farewell the passengers and the captain did not make any announcement either. The fare was very similar to that charged by larger airlines. The departure and arrival time was convenient and so I would consider flying this airline again.
  It has been the worst airline ever. My family traveled in the Salam Air on June 29th, 2023 and they did not provide any food for my child and my wife. I have prepaid already for the food. The cabin crew was really careless in this matter.
 Perth to Johannesburg with South African Airways was my worst business class experience. Seating ordinary and food diabolical with no real choice. 11 hour flight and no snacks available, despite raising the issue twice. Unfortunately I have a return flight booked in a few weeks. Not looking forward to it. 
  My wife evacuated from Ukraine yesterday. Today at 7 a.m. on registration, LOT employee didnt accept her luggage, 33 kg, when she was allowed to bring 2 x 32 kg. She was exhausted and stressed and you made her reorganize her luggage because of 1kg? Are we talking about business class service? Other companies can let you in even with 24 kg.
Frankfurt to Podgorica. Flight was in a relatively new Embraer aircraft. Comfortable leather seats I had an aisle seat in an emergency exit row. Flight departed and arrived on time. The service on board was fine. Snacks and beverages served were ok. Only problem was that the cabin was quite hot. The reason I would not recommend the airline is that the product is very inconsistent. If flying on the Embraer its reasonably good but if in the Fokker 100 it can be really bad.
I was impressed with LUXAIR. My flights were ontime and the FAs were great. CDG to LUX EMBRAER RJ145. Typical commuter terminal setup. Take a bus to get there. Boarded from the tarmac. Reminds me of LAX. Plane has 1x2 seating. Fancy turquoise and black flight attendant uniforms for such a short flight in a small aircraft. Plane did have a special 2005 EU Presidency decal outside the cabin hatch. Lovely little brunch service. China and stamped metal flatware. Fruit cup rye roll croissant cute souffl thing on a toast mozzarella bacon. Got a box of two chocolates at the end. Unfortunately my checked bags werent there. I wasnt the only one to groan when the baggage carousel stopped without barfing out my bag. The checked bag arrived over 5 hours after I did. LUX to FRA Boeing 737500. Nice Luxair VIP lounge. Its got a self serve espresso machine that grinds the beans fresh and dried fruit packaged snacks cute little sandwiches and bottled drinks. Plane is interesting. First class seating is almost the same as coach. The armrests on the center seat angle inward and a console goes on top with places for drinks. It looks they can sell as many business class seats as they want. A third of the plane looked like it was set up for business class! Seats are a little low. Seemed harder to get my carryon under there. Leg room is okay. It didnt seem like there was much if any additional space between seat . They gave out packaged hand wipes and there were sandwiches on nice crusty bread for the snack. Impressive computer animated preflight safety video. Has video screen every 4 rows that retract up. Showed graphic of plane location during the flight.
Flown HanedaChitose and FukuokaHaneda in the new A330. Very good seats almost like business class seats. 232. Service on board was excellent. Drinks and snacks for a small fee about 100 euro for a coffee. Will fly with them again when in Japan.
  Flew Alor Setar to Subang. Have flown with Firefly numerous times before so thought it was about time I wrote a review of their service. Firstly I love travelling with them due to the airport they are based in which is near Kuala Lumpur city centre at Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah Airport, Subang. The airport is small, which makes the experience that much better. An early morning flight means leaving 3040 mins before the flight as long as I have checked in online. ALso love the fact if I havent checked in I can also check in the return flight on the outbound sector, saves so much time. Boarding is usually 510 mins before stated departure time, which can make some new flyers with them a little jittery. One of the things that strikes me with Firefly is that I have yet to see a male flight attendant and I have to admit being surprised at the number of female pilots flying for this airline, kudos to them. The plane is a small ATR plane and a drink and snack is provided on the short flight. The seat and toilets are very clean. Flight Attendants speak very good english and are very professional. Have had around 20 flights with them in the last 3 years and have yet to complain there it goes, just as I say it, highly recommended.
 Flew on GA407 Denpasar to Jakarta. I was met at the departure gate curb side by Garuda Premier Class representative Qulan and he help and assisted me to checkin and then through security and on to the Garuda Lounge. The lounge although small was clean and had sufficient snack and drinks available the team in the lounge were very helpful. When it came time for boarding Qulan escorted me through security and on to the plane. The flight was full as it was a long holiday weekend, however the cabin crew offered food and drinks, which we tasty and the cabin crew were very attentive especially Yanti and Vitara. Upon arrival in Jakarta, I was met at the gate by Vianda from the Garuda Premier Team and escorted to the baggage area. Thank you Vianda I really appreciate your help and assistance.
POSJFK return. Service at POS checkin was atrocious. Cabin staff to JFK not friendly served the cold sandwich then we didnt see them again. On the return cabin staff were the same.
  First time I travel in Air Arabia. In food time I was sleeping. Cabin crew called my name and confirmed my name. I prepared the table for food. I already paid it while booking. But she didnt give the food to me. She gave my co passenger with same procedure. I was so embarrassed as I had prepared table for food. I dont think that it happened by mistake. She purposely done. Please do the needful. It shouldnt happened to anyone further. 
  On both ways, we had the last seat on the planes 26A, 26B, 26C, and 26D. These seats do not have any window and there is not enough space between these seats and the front seat. We had a baby with us who was sitting on the legs of his mother. That was scary because the free space between the baby and the front seat was less than a hand palm. We didnt have an extra scale for the back seats. There was only one scale at the front of the Airplane. My husband forgot his Polo Ralf Lauren hat which he placed on his seat. He realized it immediately when we were on the bus on the way from the plane to the arrivals. Because it was late and with the baby, it was difficult to go back to get it, so I called the next morning the lost and found department of Volotea in order to inform me how I can get the hat. The answer was that nothing was delivered to them and to call again the next day which I did but again the answer was negative. No hat has been found. 
  Dushanbe to Seoul via Novosibirsk. This was the most disastrous flight experience Ive ever had with any airline. Its actually hard to describe all the things which went wrong and the amazingly terrible service I received in just 1 review. But for me it was 42 hours of hell. Firstly, my booked flight from Dushanbe to Seoul was clear to me that it could not occur as the first flight was delayed. As soon as I was advised of this I went into the S7 office in Dushanbe to see what could be done and if Id need to delay my flight altogether or what other action could be taken. I was assured by them that there would not be a problem. When I checked in for the first flight, I again expressed my concern about how I would get to Seoul when the first flight arrived after the departure time of the second flight. Again I was told it would not be a problem and when I asked if that meant the second flight would be held up for me, I was told that it would. I was still not convinced as they checked my bag through to Seoul but could not give me the ticket for the second flight. Again I checked with the lady who was looking after business class on the first flight. Again she said not to worry as there was a chance that the aircraft I was currently in would also be used for the flight to Seoul? Arrived at my connecting airport, Novosibirsk and, as I feared the second flight had already left. The S7 rep there told me that he had told Dushanbe airport that anyone without a Russian visa should not board the plane. Thus, I was stuck at the airport in transit for nearly 24 hours. This is where the real fun began. After 12 hours I demanded some water had my own up until that point but was told I would have to wait but how long I was never told. Ended up being issued an itinerary to fly via Shanghai and was told my luggage would be checked straight through. Then another person started their shift I was there a looong time and she said I would have to pick up my baggage and take it through in Shanghai. I expressed my concern with this as I do not have a visa for China but this concern was basically ignored and I guess, deemed as being my problem. Anyway, after being given two eggs for breakfast, I then had to find an S7 person so that I could have some lunch. I was lucky to locate her on this occasion. 8 hours after lunch, no one had come to see me and although I looked and looked, there were no S7 reps in the transit area unless there was a flight leaving so I could not contact anyone. Ended up messaging S7 via Facebook to ask them to get someone to come and see me. About an hour later there was a rep at last. I asked regarding a meal and he said from what Im told you have already been served a meal. I said yes I have, 8 hours ago. Do you wait 8 hours between meals? No. So that was that, no meal. And then I did have a lot of trouble getting into China to collect my baggage but obviously that is not S7s problem as their only mission was to get me off of their hands. The subsequent messages and emails from S7 have been appalling and have also made me realise that everyone was well aware that I should never have boarded the first flight but no one wanted to take any accountability and deal with the problem which was caused by them!. Im just getting the sorry for the inconvenience line. No accepting of responsibility and certainly no compensation offered I was also out of pocket for accommodation I had booked in Seoul. Use this airline at your own risk.
  I would like to thank the Pegasus team in Istanbul for the service and hard work they provide in this difficult time after Turkey suffered from the earthquake. The flight was delayed 2 hours and I missed my connecting flight. Considering the whole situation on the country and bad weather conditions, I suppose that delays may happen. Pegasus provided me with another ticket, free hotel stay till my next flight and food. Thank you.
 I have traveled from Toronto, Canada and connect flight in Frankfurt, Germany. But unfortunately flight delays and behind schedule 40 minutes. I arrived late in Suvarnabhumi international airport. I had only 35 minutes for check in. When I run to counter Thai Smile Airways they helped me to check in very fast and contacted the gate for departure. All processes fast and I got on board on time. Thank you for accommodating smooth and fast. Highly recommended.
  Had such high expectations prior to takeoff and 5 minutes in and I knew I would never fly this airline again after 10 years as a customer. Every flight attendant was so rude and outright disrespectful that at first I thought it was a joke. Absolutely appalled by how terrible the staff was. Could not wait to get off that plane. I have never been made to feel so uncomfortable. I never said one word to the staff. If this is how you treat paying customers than you shouldnt even be in operation. So long Sun Country, see you again never. Also, my seatbelt was completely upside down.
 Brussels to Rhodes. Hugely regret our choice for Brussels Airlines. We were going to go to Rhodes with our kids and their grandparents. However, Brussels Airlines canceled our return flight 3 weeks in advance without any force majeure. Purely out of financial gain. Our outward flight with another airline therefore became worthless. And now they refuse to reimburse those costs. Never experienced this with other airlines. You really cant do this to your customers!
 Townsville to Brisbane. Checkin was done with ease and boarding was completed in a easy and timely manner. Travelled on the 8pm service and departed on time. As always, a very pleasant flight on the QantasLink 717 smooth, quiet and with entertainment supplied. The food service was acceptable the serving could be larger, but was not left starving. Cabin crew were polite and approachable. Arrived ahead of schedule, as advised by the wonderful flight deck crew.
We booked this Dragonair ticket through S7 airlines from Irkutsk, and flew from Beijing to Hong Kong. Cabin crew were friendly and the food was of a good standard. Nothing too special on this flight  good entertainment on the PTV after many flights on S7 without any. The seat was of good width, however the legroom was a bit cramped and the seat a bit short  ie. it goes up to my shoulders however the head rest could be adjusted up and down. Overall we had a good experience. I recommend this airline and will fly Dragonair again.
  They cancelled my flight, told me they would refund me in 45 days and have failed to do so. I am now having to pursue a claim through Visa. Do not fly with this shambles of an airline.
  Gatwick to Kigali. The best way to get around Africa due to the young fleet of planes that is well maintained. Exceptional staff. Rwandair is always my first choice of carrier. Kigali is my favorite stopover city as well. I am glad they will be expanding with flights to New York soon.
  Flew from Bucharest to Larnaca on 24th August. The flight was delayed by four hours, nobody could give us an explanation for the reason the flight was delayed, the personnel on the ground were rude and the passengers moved from a gate to another. Overall a terrible experience.
  Medellin to Lima via Bogota. This is the worst airline I have ever booked with! We arrived at the check in counter 2 hours prior to departure in Medellin and were informed that there was a flight delay from Medellin therefore we would likely miss our connection from Bogota to Lima also with Viva Colombia. The attendant gave us 2 options a refund, or to take the same flight the next day. Taking the flight the next day was not an option as we had another connection from Lima. We decided to book an Avianca flight to get to Bogota on our own, in time for our connection. We asked the attendant to check us in to the second lag of our flight and he said he was unable to do so. Online check in was not working. We arrived at the Bogota check in counter 55 minutes prior to departure and were told it was too late to check in. Viva Colombias terrible customer service ended up costing me an additional $1000 in flights. Pay a little extra and fly with a different airline, you will end up saving money in the end.
BA flight 8005 from Orly to JFK. 9152014. Planes are old and shabby and not enough restrooms. Seat was broken and did not recline at all  cabin crew unapologetic and said it happens all the time unacceptable. Disorganized at Orly checkin and security. British Airways needs to get their act together with this product. I do not recommend.
  I paid for three flights, but only flew once, and theres no refund. For the last flight I was supposed to take they wouldnt issue a boarding pass because I was a couple minutes late for their rule to check in 1 hour before departure. So, it ended up costing me over $2,000 to fly another airline because of their rule.
 Our flight was cancelled two days before departure. They claimed this was due to the airport. In fact, the flight was operated, just we were not allowed on board. They said they would offer compensation but have not paid in months!
  Another smooth comfortable flight. Flying premium on El Al is consistently on a high level. Great food, service, entertainment and wifi. Comfortable cabin with great seat and amenities. 
  Flair Airlines have to be the worst when it comes to customer service in Vancouver location. They spend more time talking to each other. Trying to charge us extra fees for a shopping bag with food in it and fishing rods which we had no problem boarding the plane to Vancouver. But couldnt board the fight to Ottawa because we didnt want to pay for a shopping bag with my purse and food in it. So we missed our flight because of this. 
 Would not refund me during COVID19 epidemic. A few weeks ago, I was going to cancel my flight due to the COVID virus thats hitting NYC Which is where Im from, obviously flights got cancelled, and just a few weeks ago, I was able to cancel my flight from the page but I only didnt just to wait it out to see if they would cancel it themselves. Now, the cancellation page isnt working, and they refused to refund me. Their policy says you can cancel for a refund with a fee. Now I cant even cancel at ALL, the page literally doesnt go to the cancellation page anymore. 
 I usually dont write reviews but because of all the negative reviews for Breeze Airlines, I had to write one. I was very skeptical because of all the bad reviews but a non stop flight is what I wanted and was willing to take the chance. Glad I did. No issues what so ever. Flight was on time, plane was clean. The only negative thing I can think of I flew regular class, which you only got free water. Had to purchase snacks and drinks. Not a huge deal. Also, there was only 1 flight to choose from. I will definitely fly Breeze Air again.
 We had a flight ticket issued by Turkish Airlines with one connection in Istanbul. Because of the delay of the 1st flight, we missed the 2nd one whereas we reached the boarding gate 10mn before departure time!. However, the delay was known before the take off and increased during the flight. And none of the crew members was able to give us information. The 2nd did not to wait for us whereas we could have caught the flight if the gate was still open 10 minutes before the departure time. Anyway, after this missed connection, we were sent to 3 different desks during more than 2 hours to get through our missed flight transfer desk, ticket sales and hotel desk. We got poor information and no one from Turkish Airlines apologized. In the end, we finally got a flight for the next day 24 hours later and a hotel in Istanbul. We sent a complain and refund request to Turkish Airlines to get compensation and Turkish Airlines rejected all requests.
This is the first time we booked with Cubana Airlines, from Toronto to Varadero. It started with we were suppose to depart on time but the flight crew didnt get there until 605 am. The food was horrible, crew arent very friendly. When we arrived we got through customs, waiting for our luggage didnt take long but when we got our daughters suitcase the one wheel was broken off. Our flight back was horrible, they gave out like a 3rd piece of bread with nothing on it? When I went to use the bathroom the crew were sleeping in the back? We will never book with them again, they dont show a movie which if you have kids and are prepared for no movies shown, its a long flight. The only positive thing was you get more luggage.
  Booked and paid for Premium Economy seats, but due to their wrong rows numbering, got regular seats. Food was no different from other passengers. So the Premium is simply a scam. The flight attendant was rude. She likely missed the class how to be courteous and how make passengers feel good. I am a frequent traveller so I am qualified to say Air Canada is from far, my worst flying experience ever.
LIAT pretty much has a monopoly between the eastern Caribbean  West Indies so if you travel between islands via air, youre likely going to experience LIAT. I flew from Barbados to St Vincent and the flight left 2 hours early  really. Then flew from from St Vincent to Dominica  the flight left 2 hours late and sat on the tarmac without air conditioning for at least an hour  and everybody was drenched in sweat and miserable, and then my bags didnt make it  none of them. They were delivered to the hotel the next day by a LIAT contracted driver who wanted a tip for delivering the bags. I then flew from Dominica to St Kitts  and that was 2 hours late again. Bottom line is that this airline is not reliable, has a monopoly and knows it  I think Id rather take a boat, but its what is there  I dont like it, but it is what it is.
Back on Kam Air in November and January. Both internal flight to Herat and on DubaiKabul route. All flights apart from Herat to Kabul were on time. The food was edible but I do not usually risk it from Kabul. It was the same 737 on all routes. It flies Dubai to Kabul then Kabul to Herat and back. The toilets were pretty offensive on the last flight. That could be the fault of the passengers though. Kam Air has just started flying AlmatyKabul once per week.
  Recently flew Sunwing from Montreal to Santa Clara Cuba with Sunwing for an all inclusive vacation. Flights were all on time and staff were amazing. We also had to move from our resort due to power issues in Cuba and the Sunwing Rep , Milvy made it a very easy ordeal.
  Chicago to Manila via Shanghai. It exceeded what I thought our experience would be. I have also set my expectation low so I wouldnt have regrets. We flew from Chicago Ohare check in line was long but it was moving fast. China Eastern airport crew was nice. Got in the gate we didnt need to wait in line since I have 2 kids with me so we were the first ones in the plane. We didnt had the seat number I saved through Cheapoair dont know who changed it so instead of window aisle we are in the middle aisle which isnt too bad since theres not much to see outside the window. I am only 5 ft tall so leg room was enough. Individual entertainment available. Were vegetarian so I requested for it since the day I purchased our tickets but for whatever reason the first meal they said we are not on the list of special request. We waited and later they came with a vegetarian meal. I am not very picky with food I tend to enjoy it even in the simplest way. Crew are nice too. The airline changed our itinerary from few hours to overnight at Shanghai before we head to Manila. It took one day off our vacation but it was good too because we get to see Shanghai. Both flights to MNL  back to USA are the same, overnight at Shanghai. Flight to MNL was good too, full meal on our 4hrs flight. So we had a good flight experience with China Eastern.
  Flew London Gatwick to Madrid with Iberia Express. This was perhaps the worst experience I have had in a long time, this brings budget to a new meaning and is even more frustrating considering I booked via British Airways. This is perhaps the worst economy that I have ever experienced in my life, the seats are the most cramped that I have ever come across and are worse that other budget airlines. I dont wish this airline on anyone.
  The onboard internet simply does not work. If you complain, the supplier for Emirates, Sita for Aircraft simply refuse to acknowledge that they failed to provide a service and issue a refund. It appears from multiple reviews that this happens often. Emirates themselves, apart from the nonexistent internet and poor third party aftersales experience were pretty good, ample leg room, friendly staff, good selection of movies but poor food choice  fish or vegetables only. The checkin was also poor. I followed the check in signs for economy seats at Dubai airport T3, waited for around 2030 mins before being told to check in at desk 5 flights to USA  i wasnt flying to the USA, how am i supposed to know to follow that sign? Very poor understanding of the customer journey.
  Leaving from Chicago OHare was not a problem. The problem was when he landed in Mexico City we lost a lot of time waiting on our luggage and then had to open all of baggage with security. Then had to run across to check in our baggage for our connecting flight only to get turned away because we were late and Volaris didnt want to do anything for us. Never want to use Volaris again, doesnt want to help its customers at all and would not give me a refund or at least a credit. 
  I would like to express my deepest gratitude to a highly proficient flight attendants of Eurowings. I had a panic attack during the flight because 5 years ago I had had an awful plane accident. A flight attendant Pablo and a beautiful Norwegian stewardess literally helped me not to pass out. Thank you for your professionalism and care!
  Thai Airways was once such a reputable airline. Planes are now outdated and poorly cleaned. Food was terrible, flight was delayed and the on boarding and off boarding was chaotic at best. Wouldnt be in a hurry to fly with them again!
  We were scheduled to fly from Newark to Reykjavk and then from there to Dublin on WOW Air. As many know this company is low budget and a cheap way to get to Iceland and some major cities in Europe. We paid for upgrades seats so we werent cramped and also got the fare that included a carry on and a checked bag. While we were in the front of the plane if you dont buy priority boarding passes its basically a free for all to board. At that point we sat on the plane and waited for two hours until they tried to figure out what was wrong with a sensor on the plane. They deplaned us after two hours. We sat in the terminal for another hour. After that. We waited and it was becoming clearer that we would not make our connecting flight to Dublin. No one on the ground knew the results and what would happen when we got to Iceland and with limited flights out of that airport the choice was do we wait out WOW or get on another flight in Newark on another airline at our cost. So ultimately WOW canceled our flight. As I was on the phone waiting on the phone I got a flight on Aer Lingus direct to Dublin and since WOW canceled our first flight they gave me the option. To cancel the whole round trip flight for my whole family. Which I did. They also said that they would credit me the money for our hotel to stay in Newark for a flight the next day. So I have to submit that claim later today. While I am paying more for my flight to Dublin now Im not out the money to WOW as I have an email confirmation of the flight cancellation and refund amount. So if they try to not refund me I can dispute the charges to my card. Some other notes the customer service people on the 800 number knew the flight was canceled before the people at the checkin desk. They also sorted me on to another plane 2 days later which would have really screwed me up for the trip. The day delay was not a super big deal. Also with limited options to Iceland Id be careful booking tours in Iceland before you arrive. Folks were flying to Iceland and had these expensive tours booked and they were going to be out tons of money. While ultimately WOW made it right and Ill get my money back I would not recommend them at all. However, with limited choices to Iceland if you must fly them to get there wait or give yourself an extra 24 hours before booking those expensive tours that might not refund you the money if you dont get there. If you are just stopping over and connecting in Iceland to another destination with WOW Air pay more and get on one of the larger carriers. They have larger fleets to add flights and put you on other planes. The person at the WOW desk also was very clear that they have no relationships with other airlines. They wont be able to get you on another flight out of your airport unless its a WOW flight. Unlike say Aer Lingus who has a relationship with Air Canada, etc. For all this I give them a poor rating.
My trip from CDG to JFK was a disaster. After an 8.5 hr flight we sat on the runway for 1 hour because there was nowhere to park according to the pilot. After getting through customs it took nearly 30 minutes for the bag carousel to start. So about an hour and 45 minutes after landing I finally get my bag. My girlfriends bag wasnt in the first round of bags. We had to wait another half an hour before the carousel started up again. I can only assume they have one cart and a small group of bag handlers. In short we landed at 10pm and left the airport at 12.40. I will pay for a real airline in the future  its worth the extra few hundred bucks. On top of that the seats are very small and have zero leg room the inflight entertainment was poor and they charged me for a half a cup of soda.
Baku to Tehran and return. The first flight was a pretty old ATR72 which looked quite scary from outside. Inside was not bad and relatively comfortable. The flight was pleasant and on time service on board was correct. The return leg was very unpleasant. The flight was supposed to leave at 220 am but due to the late arrival of the aircraft from Baku it was delayed of 1hr. Then when the moment to board came we didnt have any news and the Azerbaijan Airlines ground staff disappeared. Just after 1 more hour a staff member was found by the other passenger and was obliged to give a public statement just in Farsi announcing that due to heavy fog in Baku the plane was delayed without indicating the exact departure time. As Im Italian I could just get this information from another fellow passenger who translated to me. At 7am the mob almost attacked an Azerbaijan Airlines staff member and obliged him to give some news  he made a phone call and after 10 minutes the we suddenly started to board. Finally we left at 8pm and the flight with an A319 went fairly well. Bad weather is a standard inconvenience and flying with fog is not safe but the behaviour of Azerbaijan Airlines was simply not acceptable. We were all left for hours without any information any drink and any apologize.
 Los Angeles to Nadi. Great airline! From the moment I stepped on board to the moment I left the arrival gate I felt safe, secure and well taken care of. The seats were very comfortable and had lots of leg room, the inflight entertainment varied from movies to video games which was very fun, and the inflight food was included in the flights cost and was quite delicious, served at very appropriate times, and the portion was filling. Staff were friendly and attentive!
VRN to FRA return with ATR 72 and Embraer 195. The cabin crew was professional and kind legroom was excellent. Newspaper available onboard free. The catering was excellent considering the flight time 100 h into the Settimocielo box there were a salty snack a sweet and a small cup of water. Hot and cold beverages including wines offered by the cabin crew.
 Had a really nice flight with Air Arabia. Great seat pitch, comfy seats and easy process all the way. Cabin was perfectly clean and crew sufficiently attentive. It was my first time on Air Arabia but it will not be the last
  Cancun to Toronto . Airline wrongfully charged me $360 for checked luggage that did not board the plane. I had to pay this amount the second day in order to get my luggage. We had 9 pieces They did not refund the amount for the service which was not provided. Upon calling customer service several times, after every single agent saying Im sorry I understand but there is nothing we can do. Absolute worst customer service, and rude agents.
  Just wanted to go from Hilo to Honolulu. Entire Hawaiian Airlines computer system went down, all flights grounded. After 3 hours they get computer system back online and we board our plane. Probably 20 open seats on our flight. They will not let us take off until every seat filled. Okay, no biggie, American Airlines can fill standby passengers instantly. Not Hawaiian Airlines, its taken 5 to 10 minutes per standby passenger. Weve been sitting for 85 minutes while I wrote this review filling standby passengers one by one and we still have more seats to fill. At this point I will miss my next reservation which isnt Hawaiian Airlines so they dont care.
  I have flown with Air France regularly because it is the only direct flight from South Africa to France where I study. I have always been surprised by how poor the food and service are on the route I take, but my last trip took Air Frances utter disregard for passengers to a new level. After the plane was in Johannesburg for a whole day available to be inspected and to make sure that everything on the plane was working the flight got cancelled when we were already all boarded and ready to go when the pilot announced an issue with the air conditioning system. Even though I believe this was ridiculous already given all the time they had to check the plane, the worst was yet to come. The pilot gave a very unsympathetic announcement after we were sitting on the plane for two hours already that the flight is cancelled. Nothing else. The cabin crew advised us that the ground crew will assist us. Except that there were no ground crew when we got off the plane. One lady behind an obscure desk had no idea what was going on and a gent with her merely said to all the passengers that they should sort themselves out with accommodation, food and travel to the accommodation and then claim back. If all of this was already ridiculous, the worse was yet to come trying to process a claim is a nightmare! Air France booked me on another flight 3 days later  without any correspondence with me. If I had taken this flight I would not have been able to graduate this year as I wouldve missed a key class in my studies. I urgently had to book another flight via Kenya to get to France in time for my classes. The whole process was so badly done that it proofed impossible to cancel the substitute flight without cancelling my return flight as well. There was no way of contacting anybody at Air France to assist in cancelling the replacement flight, but not cancel the return flight. No way to phone or email. Air France doesnt even have an office area in Johannesburg where one can ask for assistance. The website is terrible and the AI used clearly doesnt cope with anything that is not stock standard. I am still struggling to try and process my claim. I have still not managed to connect with anybody at Air France that can assist to sort out the cancelling of the replacement flight. They claim you can connect with them on Messenger or Twitter, but dont be fooled, the AI chat bot doesnt work well and the supposed operators dont contact you as promised by the chat bot. Even the African Airlines are better than Air France. The customer service on Air France is terrible and it is clear they have no intent of actually providing a decent customer experience. Not on the plane, on the ground, on their website or in Charles de Gaulle airport. I would strongly advise passengers to look for alternatives and only take Air France if that is your only option.
  Overall PLAY assistance and customer service was very poor. In Boston the assistance at the Boarding Gate was unprofessional. PLAY needed to arrive earlier. They needed to announce what the expectations more clearly, before all the confusion began. Passengers who did not have a red tag on their personal item and carryon needed to bring them up to the desk. Then people were charged $90 for bags that they normally can bring on other airlines as a carryon. The PLAY personnel kept leaving the desk. Passenger became anxious and kept cutting in line to be the next person served. No orderly process. Getting a boarding pass on MyPlay was extremely difficult. Several people asked us if we had as much trouble as they did. The site would need to be accessed several times. It finally worked for the trip from Boston to Keflavik, but not visa versa. I was confused when it asked if I had a check in bag, etc. I paid for it already. Fortunately, I was able to go back on the site and confirm my bag status. The boarding pass final step didnt provide a pass. A popup was shown, but I didnt get to read it. One person should have been available at the PLAY desk in Keflavik. We were not even sure it was the service desk, until security helped us. People want to move on and get through security. Also, at Keflavik we took a bus to the airplane. The priority people didnt get bused separately, so they were just mixed in with the crowd entering the plane. Again, unorganized. In general, the other parts of the trip were good. We left on time and arrived early. The plane staffs was good and Icelandic staff. The checked bags arrived quickly.
  ANZ only continues to go downhill. Food was less than average, crew barely polite, treated food like it was trash whilst serving. Leant over to window seat I was in the aisle seat with food on the tray. No excuse me or apology for being rude. The ambulation of some crew sadly would need PAX to save them in an emergency. Crew member rolled food trolley over my toes they were not extended out into the aisle. Air New Zealand just keeps getting worse. CEO makes endless excuses for 6 hours waiting for the call centre that just dont hold up.
  Auckland to Beijing via Shanghai. Very pleasant flight with China Eastern from Auckland to Beijing via Shanghai. This was the third flight with China Eastern on a return trip from Europe to NZ via Beijing. Phoned the airline weeks before the trip to make sure all our seats were together. That worked perfectly. All our flights were on time. The crew were polite, very efficient and attentive on all flights. The food on Auckland flights was lovely. Sometimes they didnt have our first preference but the alternative was very tasty. The seats were comfortable and had a good recline. The inflight entertainment was good with large responsive touch screens. There was a fine selection of recent release movies and other programmes. All the seats had usb charging ports but as expected, the free inflight wifi didnt function. Would definitely recommend and fly again.
Dubai to Manila. To not allow people with a oneway ticket on the aircraft is an absolute scam! I was not allowed on the plane until I showed I had a ticket to leave Manila. It is obvious that this is a scam to try to get people to buy another Cebu ticket. There is no immigration law or policy that states that I need to have a ticket to leave the country before I am permitted to board a plane or enter the country. Shame on you.
Flew the first time with Aurigny from LGW to GCI and return. All flights were on time aircraft still looks very new comfortable seats with enough leg space flight attendants doing their best to offer free drinks and the Guernsey Press within the short flight time and 20 kg luggage was included in ticket price. Overall it was a surprising good value for money and I felt wellcared all the time will definitely recommended this airline.
  On our first flight from Brussels to Casablanca on Friday 27 November everything went excellent. We had registered our self for the flight and received the boarding cards and delivered our baggage at the airport. We have registered with our valid Moroccan passport and our valid resident cards they were accepted without any issues at all. We did not get any further notification from the registering team that the same documentation will be refused during the backflight... On 13 December we had our flight back from Casablanca to Brussels. We had the flight at 07.10 in the morning we were at 03.30 in the morning in the airport. We have waited until the gates were opened to deliver our baggage and register for our boarding cards, however when we wanted to pass to the gates office to weight our baggage we were intercepted by two Air Arabia agents one was the responsible of the flight that day and the other was controlling the documents. They refused to let us go to the gates office to deliver our baggage and they stated that our documents were not legal, the same documents that we have used to register in Brussels, our Moroccan valid passport and valid permanent residents cards. We have even double nationality, as we have the Moroccan and the Dutch nationality. When we tried to explain our case to the agents, they became aggressive and started to insult my wife in front of all passengers present in the hall. I went to the Air Arabia office in the floor below but the offices were closed. The agents kept on refusing letting us pass to get our boarding pass while we had a valid ticket and valid documentation, the same documentation that we have registered and used from Brussels to Casablanca. If the documentation was to be refused, then we should be notified in Brussels before even boarding to Casablanca... but that was not the case. The agents were executing police task by refusing us to board, I have registered a complaint at the police office in the airport and the police has confirmed to us that the agents do not have the legal rights to hold us from passing as our documents are valid. If someone should prevent us from passing that should be only the police that has right to. The agents were becoming more aggressive, the responsible as insulted my wife and shouted to her and after went away without giving any sign of presence, time went by and the gates have been closed and the time of flight has arrived 7.10, I could go through and escalate the problem and even prohibit the flight, but because my wife is a heart patient I didnt want to escalate. My wife became unwell and had problems with breathing due to the stress caused by the agents, I have called for the airport doctor and we have waited for him in the cafeteria. When he came she was already better, he has examined her and confirmed she might flight back to Belgium. I have bought new tickets with Royal Air Maroc to Amsterdam as there were no tickets still to Belgium and we had to take the next flight and could not stay longer because I had to go to work next day. At the gates of the flight of Royal air Maroc, that was going to Brussels at the same time 12.30 I have presented the same documentation to the flight responsible and asked if the documents were OK to go to Brussels and she had confirmed it, when I said that the agents of Air Arabia have refused to let us pass she confirmed that it is ridiculous and there was no reason for that and that
  My flight was in the early morning from Addis Ababa to Copenhagen. I went to the airport 2hrs prior to my flight as the airport is not busy at all. I bought an extra luggage through the travel agency I booked my ticket, however when I was trying to check in, I was told they couldnt find the payment for the extra luggage I added in their system, though I showed them the confirmation email I got from the travel agency. But still I was asked to pay for the extra luggage, otherwise I wont check in. So I was like okay its fine, I will ask for a refund when I go back to Copenhagen. So the total amount was almost 300 dollars, and I took my credit card from my pocket and I was told they dont accept credit card, but only cash. I was like how am I supposed to have that amount of money in cash when Im leaving the country I had been staying for 3 months. There were no ATM around so I couldnt check in and missed my flight, tho I had money in my credit card. That made me book another flight with Ethiopian Airlines and I payed for the extra luggage by credit card . I was so disappointed, but I also learned my lesson on the hard way that to never ever fly with Egypt Air.
  Booked the airline to travel from Sydney to Melbourne twice in 6 months. Both got cancelled. I got rebooked on the flight departing the next day for the first cancellation which causes me to lose a night of accommodation in Melbourne. Not sure why I decided to travel with Tiger again on my next trip to Melbourne which is also another cancellation. But I got quickly upgraded to Virgin flight that departs at the same time so no complaint this time. But their cancellation rate must have been really high for me to encounter two cancellations for the same route in 6 months. Not recommended.
Melbourne to Heathrow via Brunei and Dubai with Royal Brunei. For a relatively small airline and with very competitive prices, this airline provide a standard that is hard to criticise. Yes, some may not like the 2 stops on this route and no alcohol policy but plenty of others are quite ok with this. When you take into account the new aircraft, 787s with 333 seating, reasonable food, plenty of other drinks served, pleasant staff and 30kg baggage allowance on this route, overall thie product is worth considering  I would certainly use them again. Seats have good room although a little hard as any seat would be after three 7 to 8 hour flights, reasonable entertainment system and Bandar Seri Begawan airport is showing signs of growth and improvement with more services.
 Two nice short flights from Ljubljana to Sarajevo and back. First flight with Adria, flight back with Adria Switzerland. Flight to Sarajevo delayed due to fog in Sarajevo, Adria quickly changed an aircraft so that it was possible to land in foggy weather CRJ instead of ATR. Product depends weather it is Adria or Adria Switzerland. Adria with snack, water and buy on board product, Adria Switzerland with snack, water, tea and coffee and without buy on board. I personally prefer the second option. Adria Switzerland provided nicer and cosier atmosphere on board, somehow a kind of premium product compare to Adria mainline.
  My flight was cancelled over a year ago and Im still waiting for a refund. Appalling customer service, nobody can help, nobody knows anything. I was told that the company is in administration and that I have to wait until early 2022 for a decision on the refund. Despite that, they are still selling flights as of 040921 and offer refunds on their website, Condition of carriage section. I will certainly never fly with Air Mauritius again.
 Worst flight experience ever. Had double booked due to system error. Filed in a refund request for one ticket to AirAsia but seems they dont want to give my money back. The process took so long and no customer service available anywhere to give your complaint directly. D1 before my scheduled flight, my morning flight got rescheduled to the afternoon without other option available to refund or even reschedule my flight. The system in the checkin terminal is slow. I think the company is facing bankruptcy.
  Dublin to Larnaca. One of the best flights I have since now. Excellent staff and great choices of food. As a lowcost airline I dont expect inflight entertainment, so am happy with Cobalt and I will continue to fly with them. 
AGPLCY Economy. Fast checkin no queues at Malaga. Bus to aircraft personal hate but sent off buses quickly without cramming them full. New clean Embraer 190 plenty of legroom but storing hand luggage was a problem. Helpful professional cabin crew. Nice sandwich and a drink. Time to do some work before descending into LCY. Confusion with steps on landing had to wait 10 mins on board before disembarking. Good value for money given that no extras had to be paid for compared to low cost airlines.
  Barcelona to Los Angeles. The first time I was ignored the entire flight. They will not serve you a glass of water unless you buy it. Every item you wanted or needed had to be bought at outrages prices including blankets, headsets, water, coffee and so on. They used Iberia airplane with minimal leg room. The crew service was terrible. The cost of each baggage checked in $50. To get to the airplane in Barcelona we had to ride a very crowded bus, and boarding process was very unorganized. Would not recommend this airline.
  Gatwick to Melbourne via Shanghai. Booked this flight for my 73 year old mother who a month prior had had her knee replaced. Wheelchair assistance was booked for every leg of her London to Melbourne flight. However, when she got to Shangai, China Eastern staff treated her like garbage for her 11 hour stopover in which she was given no assistance. Staff yawned in her face, turned their back on her and refused to look at paperwork confirming the wheelchair had been arranged.  Even worse service was to follow with some mumbled email apology came a week later which was then ignored when I replied to it. Phones are never answered. Finally got a second email from someone a few weeks later, no idea who as they had no signature to their email, which ignored all the issues raised in the complaint and said Im sorry that we didnt receive your service at the first time. Its extremely inconvenient for your subsequent itinerary. Next time I come to Shanghai, please email me in advance. Ill let our regional manager come to protect you! The Vegetarian meal on the flight was either fish or chicken. Both are my favourite kind of vegetable. What a joke of an airline.
  Disappointed with the experience. The flight was scheduled to depart Johannesburg at 1630. An hour later, we were all sitting in the cabin with no communication whatsoever.
  Mumbai to Delhi. Most unprofessional airline. My flight was twice delayed without even an email from the Jet team. Second time when I was flying I got a flight cancellation message at 4am in the morning less than 24 hours before the flight. Later, I got another message saying my flight has been changed to another flight which would reach the destination 2hrs later. Also, all this without a single mail of apology or remorse or compensation for delay. Finally, all this has been a crazy change to my overall schedule. When I called the customer care I couldnt connect to an agent even after 25 mins of waiting. Worst customer service ever!
  Iberia damaged my luggage 22 days ago and I was told I get a call back the next day! I am in US and their customer service here sucks, knowing I am here they have given me a direct number to their baggage complaints in Spain. Had to call several time to be told to go back on line, costing me $72 for the phone calls. I doubt if anyone is going to call me soon. Beside my luggage their economy seats are so tight. I was trying to get a one way ticket from Malaga to Madrid and went on Iberia site to purchase one. Their system had technical difficulties and wouldnt give me a confirmation code so I logged out from their system and got my ticket from another carrier. The next day I see them sending me a confirmation number. I told the Iberia customer service rep that I was on hold for over 1 hour and nobody picked up the phone for their English language line she still did not give me a full refund and penalized me for asking for a refund $30. 
 My 15 years old son was traveling solo, so he had Unaccompanied MinorRequest for Carriage forms with him as requested by LOT on all flights. 1. Nobody requested these forms at all, he was allowed to leave the terminal without LOT staff checking who is picking him up. Makes that form sort of useless, so I wonder why is it required in the first place. 2. On his return flight from Katowice to Gdansk, he was supposed to transfer in Warsaw. Katowice flight was delayed 15 min. and as a result he BARELY made the Gdansk flightmeaning that the gate was being closed when he made it. My question is, since I bought this ticket as one purchase not separate flight KatowiceWarsaw, WarsawGdansk shouldnt LOT consider that earlier flight is late and wait 5 min for him? Especially that he is a MINOR? This was very stressful situation for us and him. Wonder what would have happened to him had he missed that flight?
Bangkok to Chennai. No specific order of boarding beyond the premium seat passengers. Buses used to transport passengers from gate to plane overly packed and crowded.  The time from boarding till take off in air was around 40 minutes when the air inside the plane was hot and steamy. Cabin crew unresponsive and refused to give complimentary water to my small daughter. Not sure about the age of the plane. 
  This is our first time flying KLM and to say that the customer service they provide is fair would be a compliment. KLM made no notification to our flight delay and possibly canceled flight because we are still waiting at the airport. There was no announcement, email, text etc. Technology is advanced enough where we all get notifications of delays on app or the minimum at airport. KLM didnt deliver on either front. This is our first and last time flying this airline, theres more reliable options out there .
  My how things have changed. We flew Cathay 5 years ago when our son went to school in Hong Kong. Cathay rivaled the best airlines. Just completed a flight. Flight attendants still wonderful. Facilities very good as always  very nicely designed business class seats. Food  way worse  did not even serve a dinner on our flight, just a lunch and breakfast, and it really was nothing special. No more pajamas either, on a 15 hour flight. Amenity kit also got a downgrade. Cathay is now in the middle of the pack as far as Im concerned. No longer a top airline. I would imagine the slowdown in Hong Kong has really hurt them and they decided to cheapen the product. Too bad.
  Terrible experience with check in at Goa airport. I had paid for the much advertised Red Carpet service. There were only 2 counters open and both, including one which was supposed to be red carpet were crowded and disorderly. There was no premium feel and I had to go to the ordinary counter for baggage drop. Felt cheated for paying for a service that the airline could not offer and it appeared to be a way of fleecing customers. Check in staff were not sympathetic and did not care. Pathetic service. Will never travel by AirAsia India if there is a choice. To be fair to the airline, the only good experience was the hot and good food served on the flight.
  This is the most unprofessional airline I have dealt with. They are sending me emails everyday that either the flight time has changed, or the flight duration changed from 4 hours to 6 hours and they added an additional 50 min transit. They are changing the flight time and I have a layover, the layover time keeps getting shorter which would increase my risk of missing the second flight. I wouldnt have booked the flight if I knew I would have 2 transits and two 6hour long flights. Its almost like a scam, attracting the customers to book the flight with a convenient flight time and duration and transits and then changing everything about it and refusing to give you a refund even after talking to them on the phone for 3 hours.
  Goa to Hyderabad. The service by the inflight attendants was very good. The flight was the smoothest of all I had ever experienced. Even though the take off was a bit delayed the captain saw that we reach our destination on time. And the landing was the smoothest I ever experienced. The food options in their menu was also awesome.
 Berlin to Dusseldorf. Eurowings flight operated by Germanwings. This A319 was a different configuration then the first flight. Legroom was less and was just enough for me 1.80m crew were smiling and good. The flight delayed by 40 minutes.
  New York to Moscow. I paid extra for seats before our trip to Moscow. My selection was 18 G and 18 F for both flights. But we received boarding passes for 23 row seats instead of 18 row. 23 is a lavatory row. I paid for service which have not been provided. I contacted Aeroflot for refund but I didnt get any money back.
  Other than a low price, I do not find many redeeming qualities. The aircraft were new, but the layout appeared a bit uncoordinated as did the design and color schemes. Service was very green and awkward. I found the food was very mediocre, rather institutional. IFE was lacking in selection. The seats were good and the flight was on time. This carrier does an okay job if it serves your low fare needs.
  I sat at seat 1K next to the galley and the lack of serviceattention I received on my flight from Narita to Frankfurt was astonishing. Outside of the main meal, I was ignored for almost the entire flight. I slept 6 hours after they served lunch after takeoff and I woke up to find that the cabin attendants had not picked up my trash napkinsempty water bottle. You might think this is not to disturb me, but I left it on the mini counter that was on the outside of my suite. After I woke up and for the remainder of the flight, they never walked up to me willingly and asked me if I needed anything.  I had to use the flight attendant call button to ask for one of the meals you can order anytime on JAL. What astonished me is the cabin attendant pretended to forget to serve the meal to me.  The head cabin attendant came to apologize to me and I told her I still wanted the meal because I havent had anything to eat since the lunch after takeoff. She should have already guessed that also, since 1213 hours had elapsed at that point in time. She still did not serve me the meal though. I landed at my final destination extremely hungry, which is something that has never happened to me on any business class flight, especially longhaul ones! 
We flew Ryanair to Stansted to connect with this flight. Ryanair late and baggage took 30 minutes to get to carousel which meant we were late for bag drop minimum one hour for domestic flight. Rang Aurigny to see if we could get our bags processed 50 minutes before departure time. No go and no assistance. I was in the middle of booking flights for the next day when a staff member Menzies Aviation came out, and asked if he could assist us. When we explained the situation he told us the flight had been delayed and he would see if he could get our bags on. 2 minutes later all sorted no thanks to Aurigny. Our flight left 40 minutes late anyway and as we have now found out their flights had been delayed by fog. So why didnt the customer service person at Aurigny know that and also offer to see if we could join that flight? Maybe it was because she had no customer skills and spoke to me as if I was trying to put something over her. 
  We were scheduled to depart at 10.30pm I was travelling with my 10 year old son. We moved away from the gate and was told there was a technical issue so we had to return. Over an hour later we were told it was resolved and we left the gate again. As we were taxiing the pilot came on and said that Narita Airport had decided to conduct runway maintenance so we had to return to the gate again. This was the first problem  this was a lie. Narita Airport does not allow any aircraft to take off after midnight, this is why we could not take off and there is no way that Emirates did not know this. We returned to the gate and waited for an hour with no information. Then they said they would serve dinner  this is at 1am! I had no desire to eat dinner at 1am. With no further information we were told we had to deplane at 3am  so nearly five hours on the tarmac  and the ground staff would deal with us when we got off the plane. When we got off the plane, I was handed a sleeping bag with no explanation. When I asked they said we had to sleep at the gate. Eventually we were told that the flight might depart at 3pm the next day  17 hours after the scheduled departure. No accommodation was provided or even offered. They announced breakfast at 9.30 am by which time was son was starving hungry anyway, so I had already paid for breakfast myself. Breakfast was a small piece of pizza bread and some water. There was no lunch. They did rebook my connecting flight from Dubai to Manchester, however we had already missed Christmas Eve by this point which was the whole reason we were leaving on December 23rd. Now, I understand that technical issues occur. I can even understand that we might be delayed by 17 hours. However, being forced to wait on the plane for 5 hours when they knew we were never going to depart, being lied to about the reason, not being given accommodation or proper food  these are all things I cannot accept and so wrote a complaint. My request for compensation has now been denied three times. They have said that Article 9 of their Conditions of Carriage says that they do not guarantee departure dates or times. If that is the case  how can any customer trust them to depart at a time and date that they paid for? Good food, good seats, good entertainment system, mediocre cabin crew. Absolutely appalling customer service. Every customer should think twice about using Emirates unless they are happy to be treated very unfairly when something does wrong.
A frequent flyer with GTK Rossiya since I have to travel a lot within CIS and Europe. Recently I have decided to give up the choice in favour for this airline for good. First and major issue is there online booking service. Even if you have booked a flight online and you cc was charged it does not mean you are done. Often flights are being cancelled. Customer service do not even bother to inform the passengers about the changes in advance they just rebook you for another flight on another date that happens! and then refuse to make a full refund if you decide to completely cancel your itinerary due to the fact they have cancelled the flight on exact date you needed. To reach their head office in St Petersburg by phone is a nearly impossible mission since it is permanently busy. Reaching customer support toll free number is useless since they will anyway send you out for a personal visit to their office. As you can imagine it is very handful for business travellers. Visit to the office is a guaranteed 2 hours waiting in a queue. A typical Russian service for a not so cheap price after all. They do not have to care about customers satisfaction since they will anyway hold up to 60 of the market. There are basically only two sufficient airlines in Russia  Rossiya and Aeroflot. Both state owned and both with beyond bad approach to customers. Unfortunately no other choice. Its a shame that a huge country like Russia with distances of up to 10000 km from Central to Far East destinations can not offer its citizens an airline we could be proud of. Do not fly with Rossiya Airlines unless you have no other choice of course.
  After being used to the overall good service and friendly attitude of the flight crew of Air Europa, it was very disappointing to see the decay in both. During the eight hours flight that departed Miami at 1130pm, we were served only one meal, it was poor quality and only one choice, no drinks except water was offered during dinner. Snacks and breakfast were excluded to prevent interaction between crew members and passengers due to COVID. However, the interaction seemed unimportant for selling the same items such as sodas, sandwiches and wine during the flight. If costs need to be cut, be upfront with customer and do not insult customers intelligence by offering lame excuses. I understand new regulations must be enforced but flight attendants rudeness and lack of professionalism were highly unsuitable.
  Los Angeles to Seattle. Really poor service and bad attitude by gate agent. Unnecessarily gave me a hard time despite being first class. Unfriendly staff attendants that kept complaining about becoming part of Alaska and how different the culture between the two airlines is. Lounge was cramped and hardly had any good food. 
  Worst experience. London to Toronto flight was 2 hours late, which of course means the luggage didnt make the connecting flight from Toronto to LA. Call waiting time is over 90 minutes and staff claim they cannot call you back. Baggage tracking is useless and no one takes any responsibility for finding your bags. It is a disgraceful lack of service. Air Canada couldnt care less. We have another flight in 36 hours and there is a possibility we will have to get on that with no baggage. Weve seen other reviews of people experiencing the same thing we are. Its appalling. Air Canada have gone to great lengths to put automated phone services in place to avoid having staff to take ownership of these issues and get the job done.
No entertainment. Always late and dont care about the passengers. Have not flown the for a while because of bad service experiences in the past. Then they changed their flight schedule and it suited better time wise so I tried them again. 4 flight and 2 were delayed. Will now miss connection due to them as as expected they wont care. Food is really bad and the planes are falling to pieces on the inside. The last 4 flight has had seats with hand written notes out of order and the neck rests are not there, its open metal rails and they are at the emergency exits. 
VTELPG and LPGHAN. First flight delayed 40 minutes due weather but second left and arrived early. A320 was immaculate inside and still felt new. Seats have video screens and phone connections. The ATR72 was comfy enough for a flight of just over an hour. During the short domestic flight a bottle of water and a small bun were served  adequate for such a short trip. On the flight to Hanoi the cabin staff handed out small boxes contain a filled roll slice of cake and a container of orange juice. Two rounds of drinks from the bar trolley were also offered. Given this is such a small airline with a limited network they did appear to try hard and I was favourably impressed.
BKKTAS. Plane interior was yellow with age and quite filthy Toilet paper on the floor and a garbage bag just behind a passenger seat. I was horrified at the conditions. The food was decent but there not much inflight entertainment to speak of  in fact the screens on the left side of the plane werent working.
  Cebu to Manila. Crew were not paying attention after I ordered food and paid for it, I was told that they will heat it up for 7 minutes. They did their usual selling merchandise after offering meal and after I followed up my meal, the stewardess just said ok, but didnt bring back the food. Until they passed by the row of my seat, I had to ask them for the food again and it was brought to me cold as the 7 minutes turned out to be about 20 minutes!
  The worst airline we have ever flown with. Exceptionally inefficient and very unfriendly staff. Long waiting lines, no priority checkin line despite paying the extra priority fee for the whole family. We were traveling with an infant and the airline staff made us wait to board the aircraft last as they would not assist us with the stroller and gate check, despite a very unhappy baby. Made for a very unpleasant flying experience. because of the lack of willingness to assist us from the staff as well as their very unfriendly manners, we will never fly with Ryanair again.
  Rome to Paris. No entertainment on board, no food! Not even a snack for a 2 hours flight  Only water or coffee. The cabin was cold and they do not give you blanket. The crew was young, and seemed not serious in their post. Overall not satisfied.
  Bangkok to Barcelona via Beijing. Absolutely atrocious and an experience never to be repeated. The quality and standard of service prior to travel was non existent. The quality of the plane and standard on in flight service was very poor. On arrival at Barcelona, I was informed that my Baggage was left in Beijing. 3 days later my bag was delivered broken.  Total compensation 18 euros. My expenses for the 3 days were greater than 18 euros, and how they think I can replace the bag for 18 euros is beyond me. Never Again. There are plenty of far superior alternatives. Was it cheap? Yes  but cheap usually means cheap and nasty  which it most definitely was.
  Singapore to Darwin. Ive been traveling consistently for more than six months now, and Jetstar is the first and only airline Im dissatisfied with. It takes a lot for me to get motivated to write an online review, but here we are. I booked a flight online in October for Dec 2, then later tried to move my departure to the previous day. The payment system would not take my edit and payment, and would clear all my credit card input and return me to an empty payment screen. I tried a few times and then gave up. I found out later this was due to a browser incompatibility issue they have yet to address. Pro tip Use Safari, not Chrome. Anyway, when I arrived at the airport last night to check in, I was informed that my flight left a day earlier. When I insisted that was incorrect, the staff while cordial basically told me it was my problem because I had definitely made the change online, paid the change fee and received a confirmation. To be fair, that much is true. But how this played out is really bothersome to me. What essentially happened was a booking glitch in the companys UI where I was led to believe that my change was ineffective  when in fact it went through. After checking, I did apparently receive a confirmation email buried way back in an inbox I can seem to only access with some creative filtering. And any kind of extra surcharge for moving would involve me scrutinizing my bank account online daily, something thats simply not realistic for me to do regularly due to my constant travel schedule. So now Im out the cost of that flight, the cost of an emergency hotel, and the cost of another much more expensive flight. My weekend is pretty much ruined, and much of the next week will be in a rush because I dont have the weekend to regroup. Ive contacted the Help Live Chat with this company, and I still get the its your problem, you made the changes line. Ive tried contacting them via social media channels and they are only staffed by chatbots. I would love some kind of compensatory gesture  an apology at the very least, but some help with these emergency expenses due to the companys transactional obfuscation online would be better. Poor experience all around. I will not be doing any further booking with Jetstar.
London Gatwick to Prague, and possibly the worst airline ever! Not only were we on the noisiest lager lout flight in history, but a couple weeks before we flew they changed the date of our return which meant missing out on organised outings while we were away. When I tried to get compensation for this I was completely ignored. I got the CAA involved and a year later they still have not been responded to either. Customer service  zero! Terrible, terrible company which I will never use again  Id rather walk.
 My family has been flying Cathay for a long time on trans continental and other long haul flights. Having flown ANA, JAL and other Asian airlines, we decided to give Cathays business class product a try as we had heard good things about them. Our first impression from the onset was lack of hospitality from the check in counters which gradually got worse as we boarded. The onboard FAs never welcomed us properly, didnt ask for our coats to be hung. The Flight manager came once introducing herself and we never saw her again. The crew were just pacing up and down the aisle and never once smiled. They continued with one of the worst meal offerings. The meals on a set menu werent dine anytime options, they were pre packaged and felt the same offerings were being presented to economy class passengers. The bread tasted like it was transported from 4 flights before. It wasnt surprising to see how much Cathay had declined in the reviews. Currently, they sit at the bottom among 10 best airlines in some websites and much lower in others. Its sad to see that a premier airlines cant get the basics right. Perhaps, the can take a leaf from ANA and Singapore airlines hospitality. We flew Singapore economy on short haul flights and their service was next to superb with so much attention to details in economy! The positives at Cathay were their beds and on board IFE. The beds were very comfy with the duvets and offered good privacy. However, the cabin cleanliness wasnt great. The 777 aircraft was tired looking. The Pier lounge at HKG was great at first impression especially their tea and bar offerings. However, the lounge fell completely flat in food options. ANA and JAL lounges in Japan are absolutely amazing compared to Cathays. I still believe in the airlines but I wont be flying unless I have experienced from other travellers that they have indeed improved their lacklustre service and food offerings.
  Fairly satisfactory. East bound but delayed going out from Zurich. Meal payment for first leg, was put on second leg. Arrived late into Iceland, chaotic airport with numerous delays. Seat configuration changed to a 757 with more seats and I was put onto a mid seat. Sub par food. Aircraft full and air stagnant. Seats narrow and hard. Entertainment very limited. Overall, wouldnt select carrier again.
RGN to Mandalay. Airfare considerably less than other airline. Flight was on a new airbus. Checkin while chaotic went well. Lots of airport staff. Everything was done manually with paper and counters. Cabin crew well dressed and pleasant. Flight was comfortable and on time.
Air Malawi brands its self as Africas friendly airline!? I live in Kenya and my mother was coming from the UK to Blantyre via Nairobi. She was booked on a Saturday flight to Blantyre via Lilongwe from Nairobi. On the Friday we found that Air Malawi had cancelled the flight without thinking to tell us. When I contacted them they said there was a flight on the Monday but it was full so they rebooked her for the Wednesday flight. As she was going to Malawi for 2 weeks this would have made her trip very short. Finally I managed to get her on the monday flight. Air Malawi have two scheduled flights a week from Nairobi to Lilongwe. Monday and Friday. But they book people for all seven days of the week. If enough people book they fly if they dont they cancel the flight. The thing that really annoyed me was that I chose to use Air Malawi because they told me they fly every day. If I had known the truth I would have used Kenya Airways who admit they have only two flights a week. The second thing that annoyed me was that there was not even a hint of an apology from them for cancelling the flight. If you are trying to go to Malawi my advice is to use Kenya Airways. They are more expensive  but they will get you there when they say you will and if they cant at least they will say sorry!
  Totally uncomfortable seats and again entertainment system is not working and even power outlet is not working. This is my 3rd trip and same all 3 times. Seems like this is my last flight with Air India. No value for money.
Our flight was scheduled for 1450hrs but we were delayed at security screening due to the long queue and we came from a connecting flight. When we rushed to the boarding gate at 1440hrs we were unable to board. The gate controller wanted to help us but somebody on the other end of her walkietalkie refused to let us board. The bus driver was waiting to rush us to the plane but in the end everything was in vain. We had to get another pair of tickets for a next day flight and spend the night at the airport as a result. The plane did not even attempt to wait for us but preferred to take the time to offload out luggage. In all experiences flying although not required all airlines planes have always given an unspoken grace period of perhaps 510 mins for late passengers some even longer as connecting passengers have to rush through gates. We would not have gone past 5 mins boarding time and Olympic Air refused to wait. We forfeited a booked hotel night stay and had a bad experience with getting another ticket.
London Heathrow to Pristina via Zagreb return. Online checkin was difficult from London. It allowed me to choose my seat then the online process failed. On my return online check was not available then again it was not available for BA and Swiss who I have used on this route. For a European short haul airline the onboard service was excellent. FAs were friendly and the food good. The longer sector from LHRZAG return included a proper cold meal. A full and free bar service. Even on short sector ZAGPRN included a sandwich and bar. This is welcome given the poor availability of food to purchase at PRN and ZAG. Also the tight transfer time at ZAG restricts any opportunity to purchase foodbeverage. The only problem I have with Croatia Airlines is the transfer at Zagreb as the airport is a joke and the tight transfer can be stressful due to slow security processing.
  While in Europe you only get a free seat and a shabby lunch set on short and mediumhaul routes, at Asiana the business customer gets a topquality product on a flight from Korea to Japan. Add to this that the departure times are on time, the service is first class and the staff is professional and friendly. For this you pay about the same price as with a European airline.
Flew on new BA route to Granada from LCY on 6 Sep. Appalling organisation at the checkin area. Total chaos. Stood in bag drop queue for solid 30 minutes. Slow security resulted in nearly missing flight despite being at airport well over an hour before departure.. Pouring with rain  no air bridge  we boarded plane to be told by pilot that the airport system to calculate weight of bags had failed and he was doing it manually. He was a bit concerned as we near our maximum weight. Hardly reassuring. Plane eventually took off 50 minutes late and faced strong head winds through France resulting in an hours delay vs hour landing time. Crew made up for it by offering excellent service. Flight back much better  still an hour late but less people and totally relaxing. Inflight catering much better than LGW.
Quite a nice experience. Once onboard the service is very good and the food and drinks of international standard. Landing and takeoff in Paro is a bit of a rush. Though they are the only carrier to Bhutan they do a good job and provide a good quality product. Tickets are expensive but that is due to high costs of operation.
  The boarding time started 10 mn before the flight. The customers of 3 different planes at almost same time departure were passing the security and I got through while the boarding time already started. I had my mountain crampons in my carry on luggage. They did not want me to get on the plane with that I can understand, make me wait more than 5 minutes before to get me out and did not help me too find a solution. No one moved. I missed the flight because of their incapacity of reaction. I was not refund neither offered to get in another one. My way back, was also no refund. The staff did not care more especially after having checking that I took a basic plan. It is not cheap as it seems according the mess at the boarding time, the non professionalism of their employees.  I am still chocked that they make me lose 12,120 JPY and that it is just about the flight itself to be add transportation inout airport, hotel reservation, sadness to see all my plans crushed. And that with a bit more of reaction they will have guide me to a locker asap and meme my travel possible.
  Jetstar cancel my direct flight from KNO Kualanamu airport to Singapore because of the covid 19, And give me credit voucher. Problem is Jetstar havent open direct route from KNO up till now 7 may 2022. I tried to ask the customer services when Will they open the direct flight from KNO but they cannot give me answer. And they wont extend the credit voucher expired date which expire on 31 December 2022.
  Aeromexico has the worst ground staff in Mexico. Bring your ear plugs, for, there are so many announcements, so irritating, but, the worse is when you are watching a movie, they stop it and slaps you an ad from one of their sponsors. The flight attendants are in most part 90 apathetic. Food average. I choose always 1J, sometimes i regret , the flight attendants talk all night when they are not working. If you are a frequent flyer and want to use your miles, good luck, for a business class RT you would probably need aver 800,000 points. Ground servers in Mexico are not pleasant at all. It seems that they either dont get paid well enough or just dont like their jobs. Avoid any problems.
  5 months later and still no refund for cancelled flight. I get that covid is an issue but 5 months is disgusting. Spoke to them and incredibly unhelpful and wouldnt even tell me who I was speaking to. Will never use again. Stick with reputable airlines.
  Absolutely terrible. Horrific customer service. I showed up long before my flight and was not aloud to enter because I was told I was too late. I sat there for thirty minutes arguing while I could see the plane, and their was no line to enter. The employees were no help and rather rude. I can not stress how terrible this company is. Do not use this company if avoidable. After everything that has happened with them I just hope I can save at least one person from having to support such a horrendous company. They make Spirit and Frontier look like first class service.
TehranZahedan Economy. I am a regular traveller on this route probably flying to and from Zahedan from tehran about 12 times a year  an expert in terms of seating on these old A300 Fokker 100 and B727 aircraft. Always ask for seat by the exit door. You will otherwise experience severe cases of cramp and discomfort after each flight. The food on these flights normally comprises a cold platter two filled rolls a chocolate biscuit and an orange drink! A truly sad airline and even a sadder experience if you ever get to fly on one of these planes.
  Caticlan to Busuanga. Our flight booked months before october 2018 was canceled one week before departure due to aircraft maintenance inspection. They sent us a document for the refund request, stating that the amount would be refunded within 3540 working days. The canceled flight was scheduled for the 16th february 2019, today is the 24th june 2019 and nothing has been refunded yet! I keep sending them emails every week, and every email I send, they always reply in the same vague and useless way, stating that they will contact the involved office and will send a copy of the transaction once available, which never arrives! I will be forced to send people directly to their office in Manila in order to be able to get my 13,000 PHP back, just for the canceled flight!! Where I live, since it is the airlines fault, they should have even provided an alternative way to get to destination and provided the extra night in the hotel we had to spend!! These people really dont know how to treat their customers.
  This was the second time that Ive flown with JAL, but the first time in almost 20 years. Service on the ground and aboard the plane was good. I ordered a specialty meal and the food was okay. For both legs of the flight, I received a total of 3.5 meals. The halfmeal consisted of a small sandwich. The aircraft was only about 60 percent full during the NRTJFK leg, so I was able to occupy all three seats on my row. That came in handy when it came time to nap, as I could lie flat across all three seats. It still wasnt as comfortable as a real bed, but it was better than sleeping sitting up. JALs inflight entertainment offerings could use some improvement, though. Its selection wasnt as extensive as those of comparable airlines. But, given the price I paid for my ticket during the pandemic, Id say it was good value for the money.
  I had a pleasant experience on my Teheran Mehrabad to Shiraz flight. It was a little bumpy due to weather but a delicious packed snack and drink were served for the short flight. All the crew were very friendly and are a credit to their airline. The A320 EPIEG was clean with a decent seat pitch for my 6 foot frame and I was given a row of seats to myself. All in all, a very nice company who charged a very reasonable $53 for my one way ticket. I wish Iran Air the very best with each new addition to their expanding fleet and this wont be the last time I fly Iran Air.
Uncomfortable, hardly any leg room and the cabin was so hot that it made it almost unbearable to be on the flight from Abu Dhabi to the Seychelles. However, on the return flight with Air Seychelles it was much better with a cooler cabin and much nicer staff. There were not as many passengers on the way back so we got to lay across the seats and sleep. Dont bother getting the front seats have dont have anymore room than the ones behind.
 Flight EJU7628 FNCLIS was originally scheduled to leave at 2200 on 02.06.2023 but was considerably delayed until 0000 on 03.06.2023. The boarding staff at Funchal then informed that the flight had been cancelled. All passengers had already shown their boarding card and identification document. The boarding staff did not give any reason for the cancellation, only that they had just been informed. easyJet did not volunteer to send any messages during this hiatus. Legitimately outraged passengers shouted insults and kicked the easyJet queue separators. easyJet had a crew strike scheduled for 03.06.2023 from 0000 but claims the delay cancellation, was due to problems with the control tower, which is highly dubious because the TAP, Ryanair and SATA flights landed after the easyJet plane from Lisbon at 2310 on 02.06.2023, without any disruptions. It was reported that easyJet had been transferring planes from European bases to Portugal with nonPortuguese crew, this combined with the strike in Portugal I believe was the real reason for the cancelation or delay, so the crew exceeded flight times. Despite appearing on the movement panel of Funchal airport as a cancelled flight, having in my possession and that I attach, photo with date and time watermark, besides the visible time on the panel itself, that the flight was cancelled. At this moment, abandoned at Funchal airport, I am forced to rebook a flight to Lisbon as soon as possible, which cost me an extra expense, inherent to easyJets lack of professionalism, of 312.99 euros. Everything lead me to believe, with no room for doubt, that the flight was cancelled. Only at 0130 of 03.06.2023, when I had already been forced to reschedule my trip due to easyJets total lack of diligence, does easyJet send an SMS that the flight was rescheduled for 1200 of 03.06.2023, 14 hours after the scheduled and original departure of the flight. easyJet did not provide the possibility to accept or refuse the rerouting, they only changed the booking and checked in by myself, without any consent, whether I accepted the new flight, wanted a cash or voucher refund. Under the terms of Articles 6 and 7 of Regulation EC No 2612004, of 11 February 2004, I am entitled to compensation for the 14hour delay I suffered  if it is not correctly considered that this was an effective cancellation  to the value of at least 250.00 euros plus the expenses incurred with the need to rebook on the nearest flight 312.99 euros, since easyJet had not informed passengers until 1.30 am on 3 June 2023. This makes a minimum total of €562.99, which I will never give up. Beware of this company.
  Absolutely horrible airline, avoid at all cost. Could not check in for flight online, had to arrive earlier at airport. I was told there was an aircraft change and only 3 rows of first class. I was seat 3b but somehow was bumped to economy. Took gate agent over 1 hour to figure out. I paid for 1st class ticket but given economy seat for same price. 
  Southwest has had major delays on my past four flights over three years. Something always goes wrong. We missed our flight, but their delay on the previous flight, by twenty minutes and Southwest couldnt provide another flight for us home until 100 am the next day. We had to get a hotel and rent a car to drive home out of our own pockets. I hate this airline. Unless you are doing a straight through flight dont even bother. Everyone I talk to has the same experience with them as well. If they would increase their layover times it would fix some of these issues.
  Worst experience ever, dont waste your money, Worst customer service, professionalism, no ethics at all  no respect after checking in couldnt board my flight, airline tickets were oversold, no seats available. Had to get other flights for next day and flights in between because was the only flights available.
  Kansai to Taipei with V Air. Delays and more delay!! I was informed two days before the flight, that my flight time would be changed from 1230 to 20.15. I got to the airport, two hours before the flight time, and it took an hour to check in. The queue was horrendous. At check in we were informed there were no delays. When we got to the gate, there was no plane. Departure time came and went without any announcements. The plane arrived at about 2045. We didnt leave until 2130. We didnt arrive in Taipei until after midnight. I could have gone on Jetstar for the same price at this time. The crew were very apologetic for the delay and quite fun. We got a meal included in the price but nothing can make up for the huge delay and very poor communication.
  Toronto to Montego Bay. Morning flight, delayed by an hour. Premium Rouge class, seat 1A, was better than I was expecting. Decent leg room, breakfast consisting of fruit and oatmeal tasty, and cabin staff friendly and attentive. Compared to my return leg via WestJet Premium, Rouge Premium was a close second. Would consider a second trip with them although I wont recommend to others due to an over abundance of negative reviews  and I think I may have just got lucky. Id need some further travel using Rouge.
FB431 on 30 June from Sofia to Paris CDG. Checkin lines were long but for baggage drop it was quicker and they let you use the Business Class counter. Bag tagged to Paris and thru security and immigration to the gate. Boarding was via bus on the tarmac  strange as only 3 of the 10 jet bridges were occupied. 2 buses filled up the plane. Greeted upon boarding and the attendants checked everyone boarding pass. Bottle of water in the seat for each passenger. Departed ontime and smooth flight. Drink service 2 x and a snack provided similar to the DUSSOF flight I was on a few days earlier. Landed ontime in Paris and off the plane quickly  bags took a bit long but overall good flight. No complaints with Bulgaria Air  very nice service and ontime flights for a good price.
  Denpasar to Perth. No inflight entertainment at all. Food was the worst I have tasted. From 21st June 2018 it is to be a full service flight. Only water and Pepsi were available and both were warm. Staff speak very little English. The plane wasnt cleaned before boarding. The only complement I can give Batik Air is the leg room. We will never fly Batik Air again.
Fort Lauderdale to Montego Bay with Caribbean Airlines. It is not worth flying this airline. We lost a whole day in Jamaica due to delays, and all they gave us was a $15 each voucher for food. We ended up spending $100 in food for the day airports are expensive, plus gas to drive around and do nothing while we waited for our flight.  When you rarely get a vacation, missing a whole day of a week is worth a lot  a hell of a lot more than $15 each.  I sent a letter to the airline, and received no response.
Dalaman  Newcastle  flight was changed 4 times between 3rd August and 10th Sept. Finally 3 days into our holiday we were voicemailed on our mobile to be informed that our flight home had been cancelled leaving us to purchase a suitable alternative. This caused enormous expense and distress. When we got to Dalaman Airport for our flight home with a different airline we found that our original flight was in fact flying. I would not recommend this airline and would never use them again. They seem very disorganised and have no customer care.
Flew Nok Air from Bangkok to Sura Thani and all good. On time, pleasant crew, comfortable seats and very clean. Short flight, so snacks handed out and no entertainment less than a 1 hour flight. Where Nok Air really shone was on the flight back to Bangkok. Inbound plane delayed, and our daughter had a connecting flight out of BKK. Service staff at Sura Thani asked about connecting flights, and when she was informed of the tight connection time, she flew into action, retrieved the checked bag, had it prioritized and changed our seats to the first row. When we landed, a NOK Air agent was literally waiting outside the cabin door. Took our daughter, retrieved the bag never seen someone run in high heels and whisked her out to a cab. Total time from the plane door opening to getting into the cab  11 minutes! Well done Nok Air.
  My husband, our children and I flew from Sarasota to Philadelphia. When we got to Philadelphia for our return flight home, we were trying to do self check in and were notified that our flight had been cancelled and that we could either choose a different flight or a refund, but no other assistance was given  the guy just walked away. As we tried to decide what would be best to do, we chose a refund, and tried to book a later flight. Of course they wanted more money, so we went to the counter to see if they could get us on that flight for the same price of the original cancelled flight, and they kept saying theres nothing we can do. This company nickels and dimes for everything, all the way down to charging for customer service, which was none existent anyway. This was our first and last flight with Frontier, and I will make sure that I tell everyone I come in contact with not to fly with them.
  On time flight, competitive price and good cabin service provided us a comfortable and smooth flight from Singapore to Guangzhou. The cabin and ground service staff treat passengers with a warm smile. Must be praised that the elderly and children are given priority service for customs clearance.
We travelled on the Dreamliner to Cancun and Birmingham with Thomson Airways. The seat pitch is very good in economy with a 333 configuration and although the overhead luggage are very spacious and plentiful, you have to be careful that nobody is standing underneath them when you open them, or else you will hit them. There are not enough toilets in economy class with only 4 between over 200 passengers resulting in constant queues, a major headache for people sitting near them especially the extra leg room seats. When we took off, the air conditioning vents that run along the side of the cabins, started to drip. The cabin staff were handing out paper towels to stuff on the vents and on looking along the cabin there were a lot up there already, so obviously a major problem. Inflight entertainment was ok but not very new films offered.
 22 April flight from SG to Seattle. In all my experience flying with Singapore Airlines, this was the first time I saw more stewards than stewardesses on board. While the cabin crew service was excellent as usual, I would like to give a special shout out and thanks to Cheryl, Jessica and Crystal for their top notch service that is befitting of the Singapore Girl name. On the contrary, the inflight meal was a disappointment. From the menu selection and food quality to the presentation, they are not fit to be served on board an airline as prestigious as Singapore Airlines. The pandemic is over. Its time to revitalise the quality of your inflight meals.
  Very impressed with Nok Air which operates from Bangkok Don Mueang. Check in was quick, they were much more relaxed about a few extra kilos and an extra carry on than European low cost airlines. The flight departed on time, and was fine  legroom was a bit tight but thats to be expected on a lowcost, friendly crew and even a little snack served. It was pouring with rain when we arrived in Mae Sot but they even provided a stand of umbrellas at the bottom of the aircraft steps to keep you dry as you walk to the little terminal. No complaints at all.
  First time flying business class with Emirates and it was very disappointing. A very early preboarding process in Amsterdam, while the crew was waiting in the tiny area as well for the airplane to be cleaned. So 500 People squeezed into a waiting area for an hour. Boarding is messy. Boarding music is terrible and, if delayed, played on repeat for hours. The seat is quite nice. The crew works very hard, but the service is just chaotic and messy with their trays, stuff stacked on top of each other. Meal service starts 2 hours after take off. On the way back used the business lounge in Dubai. It is far from the quality of lounges other airlines have, including most European airlines. Again delayed. Gipsy King music again for the 2 hours on ground during boarding. Poorly informed by the captain and mixedcontradicting info from the cabin crew. All the purser could say that it wasnt their fault. Overall, all facilities and procedures are quite average, food and drinks are ok. Drinks actually very nice, crew was a mix of friendly, hardworking people and some who couldnt care less.
  Rome to Bucharest. The flight was delayed and we were waiting in the queue for more than an hour as per the boarding time shown in the screen. When I asked about the delay and told the lady who came 45 minutes late, she was very rude and told me to sit down and stand up when I hear the announcement. There were no apology or anything about the delayed flight. I am currently waiting in the queue, still there is no announcement.
  Las Vegas to Monterrey. Just made reservations for 4 one way flights with Interjet. One one leg, I made a mistake of choosing a afternoon flight instead of a morning flight from Mexico City to Guadalajara. After realizing my mistake, I called Interjet customer service within 15 minutes I was told that there will be a $35 charge to make the change. Are you serious Interjet?? I just spent over $900.00 on 4 flights and you are going to charge me another $35 for a change that shouldnt take more than 2 minutes to make?? Shame on you. I will never fly with your airline again.
  I would like to compliment the cabin crew on this flight. Their attitude and attention to detail reminded me of the good old Ansett Airline days where the staff took great pride in looking after their passengers. You could see that they just enjoyed what they we doing, especially Sergios contagious smile beaming the full length of the aircraft that topped off an overall excellent experience. I was fortunate to get the same on my return flight ZL152 on 14 Dec 2022. Please thank this team for a job well done. Rex Airlines has definitely become my number one choice when flying domestically.
PisaMunich on ATR72. Great experience. Cabin spotless and flight attendants were professional and friendly. Inflight service started with refreshing towel for hands and face. Then offered Italian wine choices from menu and wine served in a glass plus a sandwich. Wish they flew in the US.
Took the 4 tourist flights around Myanmar all flights departed and arrived ahead of schedule. Planes clean with good leg room friendly and efficient cabin crew. On the 2 longer flights a very pleasant snack was served and the best cup of airline coffee I have had in almost 40 years of air travel plus a choice of juice on the 2 small flights.
  They kept changing flight timing from 8 pm on 1 June 2023 to 1145 pm to 3.15 am on 2 June 2023. This keeps happening very regularly. Why do they give the initial timing when this delay happens so frequently. And staff are so less sensitive. No display about flight delay at boarding gate. Pathetic experience. Try to book one day in advance if someone is left with no other option than this airline.
Milan to Minsk on Belavia, and very nice flight indeed. Check in was quick. Our flight was on time both departure and arrival. The plane was new and seats very comfortable. We were offered complimentary tea and painauchocolat. Cabin crew was very helpful and attentive. A huge improvement with respect to the old Belavia service.
  The airline and onboard service was perfect. My issue is with the resort commute service only I was left in resort with my partner just because of having 3 minutes delay in coming to lobby! Not even 5 min they wait, and I had to pay $60 to taxi to airport in Porto Plata. I complained about it and person in charge, provided some nonsense instead of giving a convincing response. Not happy with the service there.
 My mother who is 73 years old who needed a wheel chair and we booked a wheel chair. Her flight was on 27th January 2022 and she was supposed to travel from Detroit to Jordan. When she reached Detroit airport, nobody was there to help her with wheelchair in both the destinations. She struggles with language as she is not able to talk in any other language. Being a 73 years old suffering alone is a rubbish service as she was not able to walk and breathing abnormally. What ls the point to book a ticket with wheelchair if nobody is there to help. I have never seen worse flight service than this.
  My return trip from Melbourne to Sydney was outstanding. Rex ground and flight crew were efficient, helpful and friendly. Value for money this airline is terrific. There are no hidden extras when you book and you actually pay the price that was advertised. Rex have a full COVID 19 Refund Policy which is easy to access. Within days of requesting a refund after Melbournes last lockdown the money was back in my account. I cant rate Rex highly enough, this airline is the real deal.
My flight Durban to Joburg on 10 May under the BA banner was supposed to connect with QR to Doha and then Singapore but left a little late. Although my baggage was booked right through to Singapore, I was refused checkin by QR at Joburg because it was said to be too late even though it was an hour before departure time. Whilst QR rescheduled flights to Singapore at no extra charge I should hope so! I lost considerable time and money had to pay for a replacement flight to Jakarta that I missed because of Comairs delay, neither QR nor Comair accepted any sort of responsibility or liability for this uncoordinated chaos. Then my luggage took over two hours to find at Joburg Airport. Definitely an airline to avoid.
  Kuala Lumpur to Singapore. In the beginning, I thought the cabin crew were doing a good job because they persisted to get passengers attention during safety instructions. However I called the crew 3 times to get a mineral bottle, and didnt get any drink because it was too late. They said that the plane was going to land soon. It was just a short trip and the cabin crew just couldnt act faster. I was thirsty and ready to pay $4 for a Dasani bottle. 
 Me and my wife landed in Dallas to connect with our plane to College Station. We were desperate to see our daughter who just got out of the hospital the day before. Because we were unable to deboard gate not open? we ran to the connecting gate actually took the airport train only to find out that they moved the gate. We took the train back and arrived to the now correct gate 8 minutes before takeoff and were not allowed to get on our 450pm flight, We went to American customer service and were told the next flight was after 10 pm and that it had no seats left. Agent gave us two standby passes and said we would not know if we can get on unless two people sis not show up or cancelled and we would not know until 10 pm until the after 10 pm. I asked what do we do if we do not get on this plane? Well we were told we can apply to get a hotel room. Mind you I am 70 years old and dog tired from being at the Nashville Airport for leg one of our journey at 8am that morning, We could wait until after 10pm if we knew we had a seat but not just to be told we were denied. We had to see our daughter! I took an Uber to College Station and the Uber driver drove us over an extra 100 miles to charge us more, which was not the original route or price. I am dealing with that. I called American to see if we could get reimbursed and was told that the I should of gotten on the 1000 pm flight as there Were 5 SEATS! The agent lied to us! I am very disappointed at American and their shoddy customer service.
  I had a business trip from Hamburg to Stockholm, I hated this flight. The cabin crew were quite nice but the flight itself was unbearable! The seats were very dirty and the floor was very sticky like someone had spilt a soda! I do not like this airline and Im not going to fly it again! My meal was very dry, I had to drink so much with the meal to make it somewhat bearable.
Kuala Terengannu to Singapore last month. The flight was on a halffull ATR aircraft. The plane was clean the seats comfortable and the staff friendly and efficient. The flight left on time and arrived a few minutes early. Guava juice served. The ticket price was very inexpensive for what was provided. If this is indicative of Fireflys normal performance it is a great little airline.
 My trip is scheduled for 97 and the airline sent me a schedule change for a date that passed months ago 52520, I got the email of the change on 82520. I originally booked this flight with Priceline but due to Covid I ended up having to make adjustments directly with the airline Interjet. I called Priceline to see if they could help me with the email received from Interjet and they informed me my flight was canceled but I would need to work directly with Interjet as they are not able to help me. I have been calling Interjet all week and no answer at all. I am stuck!
  This is not a low cost airline. Premium economy tickets are more expensive than Air France to Paris or Lufthansa to Munich. Impossible to get your boarding pass online. Level claims that your boarding pass will be emailed to you 24 hours prior to departure but I never received an email. When I go to their web site to checkin I keep getting error messages telling me to contact Level which of course is impossible at least not from California unless you want to call Spain at 100 am and even then, no one answers. 
 Delhi to Ahmedabad. I was flying back from US on Lufthansa and had connection of Vistara from Delhi to Ahmedabad. Everything seemed perfect, the staff was helping and aircraft was superb, but when my luggage arrived my two wheels of my Samsonite bag were damaged. One was damaged and the other one was totally missing, the staff at airport was so polite and offer me charges of Rs150. It was a joke. Everyone knows how much full size Samsonite bag costs. It was better if they denied to pay. I had a flight of 30 hrs and was so tired that I left the airport after giving a very good smile to airport staff. Didnt expected this from TATA.
  After stupidly leaving our passports two hours away, the TUI staff at Heraklion airport Greece were extremely helpful. Thanks to them, we made it on to the plane only to be greeted by a great duo who brought us lunch on board after hearing about our bad day! Wonderful experience of Tui and would happily fly with them again.
  Cusco to Lima. Viva Air are supposed to be the most affordable airline but charge you for absolutely everything. We didnt check in online 24hrs before we dont have data and were on an overnight bus so had to pay 177 Soles $80AUD just to check in... I have never heard of this before. They purposely dont seat you with your companions and then say if youd like to change seat to be with your loved ones you can do so for an extra cost. I had a spare seat next to me and asked if my boyfriend could sit with me and he said only for extra cost... again I have never ever been on an airline that does such a thing. We werent given a complimentary beverage, we needed to pay for any refreshment. The ground staff were also very rude and unhelpful. This airline sucks and I would not recommend it.
  Paris to Delhi via Kuwait. One of the worst airlines I have ever traveled with. CDGKWI sector went fine and uneventful. But at KWI airport not a single soul to guide us to the next boarding gate. The change the gates without notice. When enquired with the staff, i was literally shooed away. Pathetic inflight service. Forget food, I kept on requesting them for a glass of water and they did not even have to courtesy to get me that. They had the seatbelt sign on the whole time to prevent people from getting up. The return flight was way worse. They cancelled the DELKWI flight and put us in a hotel after people started complaining. We had by then stood in the queue for almost 3 hours. Next morning they hurdled us away from the airport at 0600 hrs saying we will have an early morning flight. The flight came at 3 pm, and we were made to sit near the boarding gates for the entire time. Again no food no water. At KWI, there was no one around to let us know anything about our next flight. We passengers headed to USCanadaEU headed to the transit desk to ask and were then informed that KWI has cancelled all their flights and we will fly by Lufthansa the next morning. 
 This is one of the best experience in my life. I have flew long international flight many times all over the world. Out of these, this one is memorable. Though, I have flown Sydney to Texas in many airlines, Asiana provided the best hospitality, foods and beverages, drinks, tea and coffee, information, and announcement. Flight attendances were like models of kpop. I observed every aspects of the journey very curiously and found sweet. Only the lacking thing was the language English, but was understandable. Though it was a very long flight from Sydney to Incheon and Incheon to San Francisco was astoundingly sweet. The whole team, please keep up the good work.
  Cusco to Lima. Terrible experience. I bought a ticket for $53, and paid extra fees for $75. The first few was a checking fee, due to not printing my own. The second fee was for an extra carry on. The additional carry on was a 12 inch tube used to carry paintings. It was the only item in the over head, since my purse was in my lap. My husband flew with Latam and later Avianca, his overall expenses were mush less. Do not fly with this airline, the cheaper costs are not real.
  Former 10 years ago or so Condor was a sufficient airline with a good service and it was comfortable to fly with. The online checkin and Condor App arent working properly. There isnt any service included in a normal booking. It is necessary to book and pay for every service additionally like  a low budget airline. Every of the three flights to different destinations were delayed. The boarding is a chaos, there are in some cases more than 7 boarding groups. I could not recommend to fly with Condor and would look for an alternative the next time.
2 tickets and both time I could not check in on website or with the app. Customer service is horrible chat did not understand question. Ending up too early in airport from Bahrain to Jeddah took from 10.00  16.00 since the flight was delayed with 45 mins. I got a seat at rear end of plane as a result of not checking in on eariest possible moment. No problem if something goes wrong one time, but with 2 tickets it is simply unacceptable.
  Very early morning departure from Tbilisi with a crew that already worked through the night. The male purser, during the preflight information, informed transfer passengers to check luggage procedures in Athens in the inflight magazine  we did it and found out that connecting in Athens from NonSchengen to Schengen means you have to pick up your luggage, take it through customs and check it in again. With the official 105h connecting time it sounded sporty. A biscuit, yogurt, and drinks were served as breakfast, then crew then went behind the curtains and did not show up again until the final approach to Athens. During the descent, they asked the passengers to put the garbage including cups with liquids into the seat pockets. Delayed by 40 minutes we landed in Athens. During taxiing, the purser advised transit passengers to rush to their gates. We made our connection by running and thanks to no traffic at the border guards. Our luggage arrived nine and twelve days later following a lengthy search, no support from Aegean Airlines, no answer to any call or any mail.
  I have been flying Scoot air to Penang and Bangkok since Covid subsided. Overall, the travel experiences have not been satisfactory. Recently, we paid for extra leg room seats 4D and 4C when the tickets were purchased online. When we checked in physically at the counter, the boarding pass were issued accordingly. However, after boarding the flight to Bangkok minutes just before the plane took off, the airline staff requested us to vacate the seats and move to the back row seats as though they did not know we had paid for front extra leg room seas I shown them the receipts and boarding pass. Despite having secured 2 extra leg room seats as indicated in the boarding pass. Different staff appeared and indicated that the plane has been changed last minute and the current seats belonged to Scootplus and we must move to row 31 and 32. She took our boarding pass and use pen to amend the boarding pass seat number. We paid additional additional fare of SGD 190 for 2 to remain in Scootplus and requested for the refund of SGD 54 for extra leg rooms seats 2. After 2 weeks, still no news although the hotline said they would investigate and revert. The experience was certainly not something we cherished. It was ok to change plane due to unforeseen circumstances but refund should be made for overpayment. For any underpayment, we were happy to top up as well. Earlier experience to Penang also did not end well as date change of ticket online in the portal were not very smooth, very hard to make date change during May  June 2022 the price differentials for flightdate change were much higher than buying a new ticket. Eventually, I just bought another tickets for the whole family instead of making travelling date changes.
  Kos to Ostend. It was a good flight and that cabin crew was friendly and can speak at least 3 languages French, Dutch and English. When you have a question, they will try to help you with a smile. It was a Boeing 737 without entertainment on the flight. It was an older aircraft, but there werent any problems with the hygiene.
 Flew Fiji Airways from Brisbane to Los Angeles with a 5 hours stopover in Nadi. Flight to Nadi only had entertainment via a few screens and was rather poor, however service and meals were really good for an airline. Ended up paying to go into the lounge in Nadi which was worth every cent  highly recommended. Flight from Nadi to Los Angeles was excellent and even managed to get a few extra seats to get some sleep. For the price we paid we were very happy.
  Very bad airline. 2 delays on both flights. Better off with budget airlines as easyjet or Ryan Air. No food on flights and aggressive hunting for overweight cabin cases going thru passengers and call them to weigh and pay. I never will fly with them again.
  We arrived from Tokyo to Miami after having a layover in Canada. We asked at least 9 employees between Tokyo and Canada if we should pick up our luggage and check it back in or if there was anything we had to do in order to not have the luggage forgotten at the layover in Canada. Three of them had no idea what the proper process was and of them told us we did not have to do anything and it would ship directly to Miami. We arrived in Miami and to our surprise our luggage was not there. We then received a text message saying the following Bag is delayed Tag  Booking  Expected to arrive in Miami MIA May 27 2229 Arrange delivery here flyac.ca we arranged the delivery and again to our surprise the luggage is not getting to Miami until tonight and will not be delivered till 3 days later. We called to see if they would provide us with some funds to be able to purchase the necessary items needed for the time being and were told we would have to purchase them on our own and maybe after we could put a claim in and see if they approve it or not. We asked for a time line of how long the approval usually take and were refused an answer. We asked to speak to a supervisor and were told they do not have any supervisors that could help us and refused to put us trough to a supervisor after which they told us to hang up. When we said we would not hang up until we spoke to a supervisor they put us on hold and hung up. We are now left in a city away from home with no luggage and no resources to get the necessities we need.
  Tried for my first time this airline 1 August 2019 from Dubai to Copenhagen via Amman. Both aircraft were on older, worn but fairly clean A320 machines. No IFE apart from flight trip map displayed on shared monitor in front of cabin sections. Individual screens were installed but not activated. Trip went well and flights on time. Onboard, food was mediocre and no hot food were offered, only sandwiches, cakes, and drinks. They served a good red wine Jordanian River Shiraz 2018. Seat spacious. Ticket not cheap. Best part were the good lounges in Dubai Ahlan lounge T1 and in Amman Crown lounge. They were both splendid. However, lounge access was not granted from my ticket but from my elite status on another airline in Oneworld Qatar Airways. I had a missing luggage issue from previous flight on which I was well informed while onboard prior to departure from Amman. Amman is a small and cozy airport. It could be a very good airline but need to improve flight hardware, cabin tidiness, food quality, and increase options, and include hot meals. Missing IFE also becomes an issue for the last flight which lasted almost 5 hours.
  Victoria Falls  to Harare. I brought my ticket receipt to the counter at the airport to check in, the staff told me they couldnt find my flight so asked me to go to the travel agent 200m away from the counter. The travel agent told me Fastjet didnt get the money from my credit card so they just cancelled my flight without telling me, and I have the confirmation email shows they got the money and gave me the ticket PDF file. Another customer came in too and his flight was cancelled too because Fastjet didnt get money too. I needed to pay double price again get on board. The travel agent attitude is pretty bad, she said Lady I am helping you, I am not fastjet. Then I emailed them to ask refund they never response.
  Paying €29 to reserve a seat on an Eco Light ticket and the fact the complimentary offerings are just a small water and single square or chocolate is terrible. The prices are too high to behave like a budget carrier. Due to staffing shortages in Germany Lufthansa also recently didnt load any luggage but didnt tell anyone until the end destination. Really poor service post pandemic.
Flight Puerto Seguro  Sao Paulo. The flight was planned for 2 hours in time for the connection from GRU to LHR. However half way through the plane circled for a long time while a heavy thunderstorm raced around. After one hour we landed in Rio De Janeiro which was only announced in Portuguese. Nothing in English which was surprising as English is regarded the main language in the airline world. Eventually we were on the ground for 3 hours lost our connection flight and during 3 hours only offered a glass of water from a crew which found more fun in entertaining themselves and a few passengers than explaining what was going on. For safety reasons it is OK to delay but information should be announced in main languages. When in GRU we were offered hotel and food and oneway taxi and was booked on next day flight to Europe. Rather slow but with good service from the staff in GRU.
 My son and his team are scheduled to compete in Anaheim today. The team from their HS are booked on an Orlando flight to LAX and because of cloud cover whatever reason, the plane cannot land were re routed to Las Vegas! Were talking of a team of 25 kids and why Las Vegas? Is John Wayne, Ontario, Burbank not available. The team with their chaperones were stuck in Las Vegas for 12 Hours! No one could help them. The students missed their scheduled competition.
 Dallas to Springfield. Initial flight time was 1030 am, 30 minutes into the flight they decided there was something wrong with the plane so we had to return to Dallas. We were then sent to several different terminals because the workers didnt realize there is more than one town named Springfield. Finally, after an hour or so a replacement plane arrived, they decided that the plane was also broken. Several hours later we were offered nasty stale sandwiches as an apology for their continued screw ups. We were then able to board the third plane. This plane was randomly picked for the pilots to manually figure the weight of the aircraft. Imagine my surprise when they decided the plane weighed too much. People were kicked off the plane and we had to wait an extra hour and a half to remove some fuel. This garbage airline company cost me hundreds of extra dollars hotel, rental car, food because I then missed the following connecting flights and had to stay the night in Missouri.
  Yangon to Mandalay. Aircraft type changed from Boeing 737 to E jet Flight time changed. My last flight In September, flight schedule changed without notice and so I have to buy new ticket with new airline. It seems they dont have enough aircraft but sell the ticket. So they arrange the schedule accordingly. So not convenient, not recommended for the passengers with important or fixed schedule or travel.
  I will never again book with Ryanair  the poorest customer service I have ever received in my life. We booked our flights out to Pisa for our Wedding this August  11 months later last Sept and just 2 weeks after booking they changed our flights by 5.5 hrs going out and 7 hrs coming back. To add insult we paid for their most expensive flights to get good flight times to make the most of our Wedding holiday, as did 40 of our guests too and they put us onto their cheapest night flights that are still selling online now dirt cheap. Its 4.5 months on since they changed our online booking no notification, we just found by fluke by logging in, but when we rang they said they cannot change the flight until it is confirmed then we will receive an email to be able to request a refund or accept the new flights. I call every month and email every month but I get the same text book answer you can change your flights when you receive your email of the change, which could be up until 3 months prior to your flight date  So Ryanairs customer service answer is wait 6 months until all other flight prices are sky high so we cant afford to request a refund and must accept our overly inflated cost of night flights, as we bought them under false pretenses. We have 10 children all under the age of 10 with us, some are babies and were now stranded on a flight home at 10pm after we lose our accommodation at 10am, due to Ryanairs poor duty of care and customer service.
  Pathetic service. I was travelling from Riyadh to Sialkot via Sharjah. The first flight was good but the flight from Sharjah to Sialkot was changed at the time of issuing boarding pass and without any prior notification. Total 13 hours extra was spend to at Sharjah airport. 
  My connecting flight from Hong Kong to Bangkok was suddenly cancelled, and changed to a flight 10 hours later, only 2 days before. I was on my trip without the internet and just got informed about it when I checked in at Beijing. The ground staff in Beijing could not help with anything. I asked for an earlier flight, any hotel, any lounge service. They said I have to contact Hong Kong Airlines myself. Why would you have a ground service that cannot support a passenger that needs help? I flew to Hong Kong, just to find out that all rooms at airport hotels were fully booked. I went back to Hong Kong Airlines ground counter. They could not help with any accommodation, and only provided earlier flight to Bangkok after a lot of begging now, 6 hours from the original one. My wife and I were stranded in the airport without support from the airline for 67 hours. When we came back to drop our luggage for the new flight, still no assistance and we had to wait in the long queue for over 30 minutes. If we knew that we can get an earlier flight, we wouldnt have taken out our luggage and just used transfer lounge to wait. Or even book a hotel in advance. The airline just did as it pleased, and didnt care about passenger experience at all. Such an awful, irresponsible, and inconsiderate airline. I dont recommend to anyone. This was my first and my last flight with Hong Kong Airlines.
  I havent flown with Monarch for a number of years as I dont tend to travel on package holidays, however, on a recent trip to Rome the airline offered a return ticket price which was substantially cheaper than any competetors which scheduled flight times which were perfect for a short city break early morning outbound, late evening inbound. The booking process was painless. Their website is easy to navigate and displays fully what you are getting for your fare at every opportunity. After initial booking I opted to download the Monarch app to try and stick to my mantra of being a 21st century traveller eTix, mobile boarding pass etc. I was slightly disappointed that the app encouraged you to check in early and then made it appear that you could not proceed with booking until you had purchased a seat as I feel that this could mislead many families, particularly those that arent very tech savvy, however, I understand that this is how low cost airlines operate and therefore Ill put that issue to bed. On arrival at BHX I was disappointed at how the check in desks were organised and operated. My wife had 1x item of hold luggage that she had declared at online check in, however, we still had to wait in the mammoth 6am queue with those that had not yet checked in something that I feel could easily be rectified with a bag drop only desk or 2. Following check in we proceeded through security to airside departures. One thing I was quite surprised by was how early the airline called Last Call. We were directed to the boarding area some 50 minutes before departure and then had to wait in said area or in our allocated seat. What added further insult was the delay we then experienced. With no direction from the cabin crew or flight deck we experienced a 20 minute doors closed delay. Alas, we eventually got on our way and despite everything else I have said in this review so far the flight was actually very pleasant. Leg room is at a premium  something I am not particularly bothered by as this is what you expect with low cost short haul. The seats were comfortable with sufficient recline, the pitch of the recline was such that it didnt chop the knees of the passenger behind which is commendable. Following departure the flight deck crew were informative and managed to recoup some of the time we lost on departure. The cabin crew were pleasant and friendly. They did 1x drinksfood service and 1x duty free service which is more than sufficient for 2 hours. The inflight menu was quite pricey, I only had a non premium gin and tonic, however this still came to 8€, expensive compared to land prices! The meal deal, however, offers good value for money and shouldnt be frowned at. Overall the journey was smooth with a perfectly executed landing. Although the A321 we flew on was ageing c2007 you still had more comfort and opportunity for a nap than most other low cost airlines I have travelled with. Without the ground issues this would have been a good journey overall.
  London to Shenzhen. Normally travel to Shenzhen via Hong Kong and was delighted to see this direct route to Shenzhen but unfortunately the return flight was terrible, food terrible, no in flight entertainment, cabin crew English not good enough, first class seating terrible. My thoughts are that Shenzhen airlines are just picking off the local traffic from Hong Kong, if they want to serve the western countries they need to prepare better. Would not recommend this service to anyone, back to Emirates who hold the mark for top class service.
  In short, nothing goes right, timing, notifying about delays on right time, boarding on time i was supposed to fly 4 hours ago and the delay happened twice. And the employee was laughing when i asked her when are we boarding. Worst experience.
 Worst experience ever with any flights, not recommended at all. First, they delayed the flight for 1 hour with congested flight seats which was not comfortable at all, after landing we had to wait for 1.5 hours for our baggage but they didnt bring in flight. We came for holidays and we mentioned that to them but still no response. On holidays we had nothing with us even after 24 hours we cant track our baggage. No communication between staffs and they were very rude at Brisbane airport. They didnt even show any sympathy or regrets for ruining our holidays. Jetstar should shut there company or improve your service and give some training to staff. We are not travelling with you in free, we are spending a lot of money so this type of behaviour is not tolerated at all. After more than 24 hours we are without our baggage on holidays.
  Toronto to Cayo Coco return. We returned from Cuba to Toronto on February 19 leaving 1135 from Cuba. Staff was very rude, it seems like they didnt care. We asked for tea and they brought the tea  we then asked for milk and sugar and she even didnt acknowledge this, not even the second time. 
This is the first time we have flown Virgin America and we were really impressed. We usually fly business class on another airline. It was a new plane and we were main cabin select right behind first class. There was not a wall but a colored glass partition. Plenty of room, free food and drinks. Everyone had their own computer for music, movies, tv and to order food and drinks. Food and drinks were free in main cabin select as well as internet until March of next year. Good food, good service, plenty of room. Similar plane on the way home.
  Reading the reviews for this flight before we left on our trip I was a nervous wreck expecting something to go wrong. After my experience with this company I felt it was important to leave a review for those like me that have severe flying anxiety. My first interaction with this company after booking happened when I noticed that I failed to put middle names on my booking so our boarding passes would not match our passports. I called the service number and left my call back number. I had already read that no one answers the phone so I was prepared to be disappointed by not receiving a call back. A couple of hours later a young lady called me back and I explained my mistake. Her response was Well lets get that corrected so you can be at ease have a great trip. She corrected 4 middle names on my booking and emailed me a new itinerary while staying on the phone with me to make sure everything looked ok. Disaster averted. We then got to the airport on Sunday to find out our flight was delayed. Again, after reading the horror stories of delayed flights being cancelled and people being left to fend for themselves I began to feel very high anxiety. One of my adult children would be flying from a different airport but same airline into Mexico and I was afraid shed be in Mexico by herself. The flight was an hour late but finally showed up, they very calmly unloaded the passengers coming into Houston and got us all on the plane as quickly and well organized as Ive ever seen. The flight attendants personally apologized to the passengers as we boarded for being late explaining that there were severe storms at their last stop and that they had to wait it out. I dont even know where to begin about our experience with our flight home. From Mexico, coming back into America, you must check in at the counter to show your negative covid test. Of all the check in counters, it was the shortest line, the staff was friendly and very patient with everyone, and they went above and beyond to help us get checked in and to our terminal in time. Wonderful service. I have flown on several airlines and take several trips a year and this is probably one of the best experiences I have had flying that included set backs. Theres a lot of bashing this airline for things that anyone could avoid just by doing their research or reading their booking information. The seating is no different than other airlines. The drinks come with a cup of ice just like every other airline. Oh theres phone chargers on the backs of the seat legs which I have never seen before. That was cool. We got free WiFi. Being surprised by carry on and check bag fees baffles me. This isnt uncommon. Check these things BEFORE you book and there will be no surprises with this airline. If you are flying from Houston out to Mexico this is the way to go.
  Seoul to Toronto. The staff is efficient, fast and friendly. The food is excellent.  Korean air is my favorite one. Even the boarding is amazing.
  Stansted to Tivat. Overall this is a decent airline. The cabin staff speak English, the plane although old is fine for a short 2 hour flight and the journey was comfortable. A few pointers. only one of the toilets in the plane were working which was annoying  there was a basic selection of drinks and a simple cheese sandwich we took off over 2 hours late but it was unclear if this was the fault of the airline or the ground staff on this flight we arrived too late to land in Tivat it has no night facilities so we had to land in Podgorica. They did in the end put a bus for all of us to reach Tivat although the delay was significant.
I take Luxair many times and Iam always pleased to fly them. My last flight was on a brand new 737700 on a Rome  Nice  Luxembourg flight. Luxairs new 737700 have one of Europes best economy class! The flight was on time before take off cabin attendants handed over new papers and refreshing towels as well as headsets for the inflight entertainment system unique on short intra European flights! On the 50 min flight we were served a sandwich selection on the 110 h flight from nice to lux a light meal was serves but always with a large selection of drinks! A real 5 star airline.
  Seoul to Beijing. Disappointing flight crew. Very nice but not assertive in getting bags in the overhead. They would repeatedly allow passengers who objected to bags being reorganize prevail causing our already late flight to be further delayed. 
We flew Thai Airways again. This time from Bangkok to Osaka by Business class. The checkin was smooth and we enjoy Thai Airways Lounge before departure. The plane was quite new and we enjoy very good service from cabin crew. The seat is quite good, larger than other Thai Airways Business class. We did have some good sleep before landing. The breakfast is quite good and tasty. The flight was smooth and we arrive a little before schedule. Overall we are very satisfied.
  Manchester to New York JFK was operated by AirTanker. This aircraft had excellent seat pitch, thanks to slim line seating, a complimentary bottle of water was in the seat pocket on boarding. There was WiFi screening of entertainment via an app, which worked. There are no individual tv screens in the seat backs in this particular aircraft. Food was identical to the offerings youd expect on BA, AA or UA, basic but ok. All beverages were chargeable, except tea coffee with meal. The return from New York was a Thomas Cook aircraft which had individual tv screens in the seat backs. On boarding water bottle, pillow and blanket were placed on seat. Leg room was excellent. On take off and cheese and tomato sandwich, followed by a drinks service were provided. Then crew dimmed the lights for three hours allowing passengers to attempt to sleep. An hour and half prior to landing in Manchester a hot breakfast of scrambled eggs etc was served. On both flights departed and arrived on time and had crew who were friendly and professional. The ticket was £400500 cheaper than the other airlines VS  UA who fly the MAN NYC route. Would I recommend? Yes. Have already rebooked for June next year, but in premium economy.
  Athens Airport was extremely busy when I arrived. Proceeded to the Aegean Airlines checkin area which was manned by helpful staff and carried out self checkin. Met by polite staff at bag drop. Queues were starting to form at some counters, the one next to me was being held up by some irritating passengers who were questioning the baggage allowance for hand luggage. The Aegean website clearly states the weight permitted as do the various signs at checkin, yet some people pay no attention to this and continue to be rude and aggressive to checkin staff who are only doing their job, politely and professionally.  Boarded on time, full flight. Politely greeted at door by cabin crew. Professional service onboard. Landed early. Clear announcements from cockpit. Great flight. Recommended.
Curacao to Bonaire. Informed the flight was 30 mins late before arriving at the airport no further word after that. At the airport 12 of us were told our 5 pm flight Didnt exist. We were kept waiting with no information and no alternatives. Instead of arriving 5.25 pm in Bonaire we arrived at midnight after flying to Aruba first. Luggage arrived the following day. Needless to say we were frustrated and exhausted. This is not what we wait all year for.
  They pushed my flight back 6 times  told all the guest they could get on the next flight in the morning . Left me having to spend the night at a hotel pay out of pocket Come back the next morning and they pushed the flight time back 34 times before I had to book another flight with another company. Then all they would say is We can get you on our next flight which was like 23 days later. I ended up having to fly to Tennessee  find a ride to Alabama because no flights were going to Alabama that day. Missed work, ruined my birthday trip  I ended up spending $300 on a last minute one way ticket to get home  a 2 hour drive from Nashville at midnight. The only thing they are offering is $100 towards the room which was $145. Then it takes 34 months to get that back. 
KIVKBPODS. Both flights were codeshared with Aerosvit but operated by Dniproavia planes. KIVKBP Embraer 145 that has seen better days. KBPODS plane was an oldlooking Boeing 737500. Service onboard was good. Offered drinks and a double sandwich despite both flights being under 1hr. Flights departed on time. They almost lost my luggage on the first flight as it was sent to connecting flights but were able to locate it relatively quickly and hand it back. Overall a relatively good experience for the price paid.
  I was nervous about flying with my twoyearold because I knew that she was going to fight keeping her mask on. I was considering flying Delta because they have a wonderful mask policy for kids and dont seem to be booting toddlers and families off of planes for trying and failing to keep masks on. However, Sun Country allowed my daughter to do her best to keep it on but we werent kicked off the plane if she just couldnt handle wearing it. I appreciate this more than I can express. We desperately want to travel and see our loved ones that live across the country and are really trying to be respectful in regards to wearing masks but it is SO Hard for toddlers to keep them on for hours at a time. I appreciate this airlines empathy and for allowing us to be imperfect. I will 100 fly this airline again and I am telling my friends! I also love that they have the only direct flight from Madison, WI to Seattle, WA. Keep it up Sun Country. BIG fan right here.
  Early June while randomly checking for my tkt on Etihad website noticed that first leg of journey is missing from my itinerary. I was surprised and thought it would be system error. So I checked again after 2 days and the issue was same. I was concerned, so called cleartrip from where I booked my tkt to check what was wrong and they said first leg journey was cancelled by Etihad, saying flight was cancelled. Firstly, I was never informed either via sms or email about this cancellation. Had I not checked it out of coincidence, I would never have known about this cancellation until my journey day. Secondly, airline did not bother to offer alternate option to me. The airline website showed same flight which was apparently cancelled taking new bookings.  I opted for cancellation of ticket and refund on 5623, however, till today 11723 I am yet to receive any refund. Cleartrip says they are following the airline but still no news at all.
  To include an extra hand luggage I had to pay 20 on the fare. Checking in I weighed my luggage, it was 1.2kg above. I was forced to give it to the hold and not allowed to remove a jumper from my luggage to my backpack. A checked in luggage would have been cheaper than the upgrade I paid for.  This is my worst travel experience in 2022.
  My flight was from Montreal to France and was schedule to depart in September 2020. Due to covid 19 the flight was cancelled. Vouchers were sent for us to make reservations in the next 2 years instead of giving us back our money. The reservation was for 4 people and was nearly 3K Can. dollars. We had pay well in advance approx. 6 months before the scheduled flight, Air Transat did not make any effort in repaying its customers. They kept our money for over 1 year, until the government of Canada bailed them out. We have finally received our money back in May 2021. I am very upset that Air Transat kept our money and refused to give us back our money when the flight was cancelled. I will never, ever, ever book a flight with this company again, and I will never, ever recommend anyone from using Air Transat for a vacation or a flight, and this goes for all of the Canadian airline companies which use their customers money as a bargaining chip to negotiate with the government! 
MUCVCE rtn business class. An excellent overall experience. Very good ground facilities in Munich. Impeccable onboard service performed by onle one very efficient and friendly stewardess. Very tasty and imaginative food concept.
MEXLIMMEX in business class. The outward flight left at midnight with an arrival time of 5.30am approx. This was too short a flight to catch up on much sleep although the plane was new or refurbished almost flat beds and a large screen with AVOD. A full meal service was offered but I decided to get some shuteye instead and slept through until just before landing. No breakfast or snack which would have been a nice alternative to the late night meal. Basic amenity kit no toothbrush and no hot towels prior to landing. Return flight on a shabby 767 with reclining seats but no AVOD. Plane in need of refurbishment with chipped paintwork and frayed carpets. FAs came round with a drink prior to takeoff and started taking orders for lunch soon after reaching cruising altitude  lunch was adequate with an OK choice of Chilean wines beers spirits etc. The orange juice and coffee instant were undrinkable. FAs attentive and attempted to get my name right! Both flights were on time although there was a longish delay for baggage at MEX on return caused by thorough checks by sniffer dogs probably to be expected on this route.
  I suggest you fly with another airline if you speak English! They are not fluent in English. The customer service is poor. They cancelled our flight because we could not accept the changes they made, which was a 24 hour layover. They would not refund our money, and tried to charge us $1,200 more dollars for another flight. I hear that they continuously have layover issues. Several people were late to our resort for a wedding due to this airline. They will not accommodate you in any way if you have car trouble and miss your flight. They will not give you a standby flight! They expect you to pay for another flight. Please be wary of this airline! It would be better to spend a little more money, and get better customer service, and know that you would be accommodated fairly if there were issues, which are sometimes inevitable.
  Overall this was a good experience and all was on time. There was an issue around online checkin as it seems you still need to visit the desk. We did online checkin and were issued with boarding passes and seat allocations. This worked through airport security but was an issue when we tried boarding at the gate and they had to recheck us in. Service from there was good. Maybe not as personable as some airlines but crew often checked we were doing OK and offered top ups. D.O.C prosecco was on offer rather than champagne but there was a fair selection of drinks. The meal was quite impressive with the Maltese tile below the plate. Food was of good quality, the pate was amazing and the bread warm and fluffy. All else was well cooked and impressive for a short haul flight. This was my first time flying with Air Malta, the experience was good.
  Pune to Abu Dhabi flight scheduled for 19th March cancelled without any notice. Received a curt email saying flight is cancelled. Did not give any alternative option. Had to call up Call Center and after a hold time of 30 mins was told that options available were only with 10 hour layovers. Wouldnt recommend Jet Airways to anyone again!
AR 2467 from Mendoza to BA on 1702. Several flights in last 3 weeks. Flights late no information staff unhelpful and couldnt even be bothered to clear the cabin. Missed one connection and took three attempts to get anyone to rebook it. Our luggage went without us. Thought Vietnam Airlines were bad but AA could teach them a thing or two!
  Chiang Mai to Singapore via Bangkok Don Mueang on Thai AirAsia. I went on a holiday to Chiang Mai, and last minute I was desperately wanting a bonus trip in Bangkok. Then I approached the check in staff and asked her can I check in only to Bangkok, and forfeit the DMKSIN flight and I will buy new ticket for that sector. But she told me that its not possible unless I forfeit the entire ticket and buy a new ticket to Bangkok, I cannot check in partially to Bangkok only. Because I have the fly thru service and I need to pass immigration in Chiang Mai, not Bangkok. I was told the same by the ticket counter staff. I had no choice but return to Singapore this time and plan another Bangkok trip. I was disappointed by these, but on the bright side, everyone was nice and willing to help me even though my request could not be fulfilled. Despite all these, I still think that Thai AirAsia is providing an excellent inflight service, on both flights, the cabin crew are warmly helping every passenger, especially those people in need. The cleanliness of the cabin, including the lavatory is well maintained, AirAsia is deserved to be worlds best LCC, and despite the above disappointment, I would still recommend Thai AirAsia.
A pleasant surprise on this MURTNR flight in a 340. Comfortable seats for a 2 hours flight but in no way a lie flat nice staff proper food and wine. Much better than my previous flight NAIMUR where I paid business fare to be seated on a coach seat and the crew told me it has not changed this is why I would not recommend this airline.
  Lost my bag, no support or help from Aegean, trying to blame Gold Air. Gold Air cannot be reached either by phone or email. Aegean refuses to change return ticket to fly back to Crete early, only with extra charge can this be done. This trip is a complete waste of time.  Food  Snack served on the 45 min flight a drink and Pringles. 
 Booked last minute PhuketBangkok flights. My friend and I had hand baggage only so very reasonable price. Check in and boarding really quick and efficient. Phuket domestic terminal very modern and pleasant. Cabin crew very smart and aircraft in very good condition. Don Muang airport eerily quiet. Return flight equally well organised and efficient. 
  My recent encounter with Swoop airline left me deeply dissatisfied and frustrated. My family and I had booked flights from Toronto to Punta Cana, departing on June 10th and returning on June 25th. However, only three days into our trip, I received an email notifying me of a change in my return ticket to June 17th, accompanied by an unexpected charge of $452 CAD. This sudden alteration and additional fee were shocking and unwelcome. What aggravated the situation further was the lack of accessible communication channels with Swoop. Their customer support offered no direct phone line, leaving me with no choice but to navigate through their automated bot, Donna, for hours on end. Finally, I managed to connect with a human representative via Facebook Messenger, only to be met with rudeness and a robotic demeanor. This stark contrast to the helpfulness of automated systems made me yearn for the efficiency of bots once again. Regrettably, despite my efforts to address the issue, the Swoop customer support team failed to provide any satisfactory solutions. Their suggested resolution was to pay an additional $450 to revert the return date back to June 25th. This lack of accountability and refusal to rectify the problem only added to my disbelief that an airline in Canada could conduct business in such an unethical manner. In conclusion, my experience with Swoop airline was extremely disappointing, with their practices falling far below the standard of professionalism and customer care expected from a reputable carrier. I caution fellow travelers to carefully consider the potential risks before booking with Swoop, as their questionable practices and unhelpful customer support may lead to significant inconveniences and financial burdens.
I flew on TX from ORY to FDF have to admit I was quite impressed. The PA in 3 languages including Creole meal was great with Caribbean touch and 2 options in Eco PTV on board larger than AF COI very high density cheaper than other competitors. Colourful friendly cabin crew and on time performance was great. Very professional.
IADORY in biz seat. 2 hours delay due to engine problem at ORLY but crew and ground staff managed to change aircraft. Compared to biz bed offer you dont get a lie flat seat and food not as sophisticated. But what you get is the premium feel nice wide and 140 degree leather seats which are fine even for night flight smooth boarding and of course the nice atmosphere of a small cabin. Service was good. My IFE screen had to be changed and plug was not functioning. Equipment in these old B757 do show their age. Orly is a relatively small airport and with the limited number of passengers I was out 15 minutes only after disembarking. Another feature of openskies is the possibility to book the return flight the other class but overall I found the seat cabin to be more competitive. Bizz seat is not a premium economy product but business light.
  Horrible customer service, double charged and have now been unreachable and not returning any emails or calls for months. Pure garbage. The only way they are still operational is they have a monopoly on remote access. 
  I have booked a return flight from Melbourne  Bali Denpasar and back. I booked these flights at the end of February. Unfortunately Citilink cancelled my flights and I have been emailing and calling them since the 3rd of March about my Refund. For three weeks they didnt got back to me were I had to ask a family member in Indonesia to help me with the progress. They finally emailed me back, telling me I had to fill in these forms within 7 days, which I did. And again they didnt got back to me for two weeks. When they finally did, they told me my credit card details on the forms and of the purchase werent the same. How can this be possible if I send a copy of my bank details were you can see I bought the tickets with my credit card. I am super disappointment with the customer service. It has been eight weeks, and I still havent got my refund let a long and further progress. Please Citilink help me out!
Recently flew SINSZB Subang for the first time on Firefly. Excellent choice of timings and departure is from Terminal 2 Changi. Comfortable flight in a propeller plane with a snack of nuts or muffin with juice or soya milk served. The best part is arriving at Subang and in 15 mins after landing I was in the taxi to KL with my luggage. The journey also took only 25 mins to downtown  a far cry from KLIA. Would really use it anytime on this sector.
  Makassar to Surabaya. Extremely long queue on Checkin Counter. The checkin counter staff working slow. Great boarding time, on time. The flight attendant is nice. The meal is good
 In September, 2017, I bought three tickets from Port Elizabeth to Johannesburg for me, my girlfriend and her godson 12 years old. I informed, on the same day that I bought such tickets, that there was a little error in the passenger name, and I asked what would be the procedure in this case. It was a material and irrelevant error, I just had written his middle name with an extra r. In the email dated 26 September 2017 sent by the Reservations Service Recovery team as described herein, they confirmed that the error in the name would not be a problem and also informed the occurance of a schedule change on our flight, as transcribed below Kindly be advised that we have endorsed on the system for the airport to allow passenger to board. Please note that there has been a schedule change on your flight from Port Elizabeth to Johannesburg. Unfortunately, on flight day when I tried to do the kids check in at the airport, I was informed that his ticket was cancelled, although his seat was still booked in the system. We know that because I did my check in and my girlfriends check in online one day before the flight and kids seat was there. South African employee informed us that his ticket was cancelled, because the name was wrong and the company policy sets forth that the ticket must be automatically cancelled. However, I did not receive any email about such cancellation. And also we confirmed five months ago with the company if the error in kids name would represent a problem and the answer was no, as I mentioned above. The employee at the airport said that the ticket was cancelled and refunded and she could not do anything about it. The wrong information of South African Airways employee, and the lack of cancelation notice cost us 3.281,89 Rand, almost four times more than the ticket that I originally paid for the kid to travel with us. I still want to understand why his ticket was cancelled and once cancelled why I did not receive a notice about it. We were on vacations and we booked two days in Sun City Hotel. So I did not have other choice than buy another ticket to the kid by a huge price. I look foward to their return. The ticket was arbitrarily cancelled. We were badlly guided by South Africans team regarding the error in the kids name and the cancelation of his ticket. It cost us more 2.465,80 Rand. It is our first flight with SAA and we are very disappointed with the way that we have been treated by their employees since the beginning.
  I was flying from Cairo to berlin via Vienna, my flight from Cairo left very late without any declared reasons. Most of the passengers and I have missed our next flights. The attitude of the staff at the airline service center was very rude and disrespectful. Would not recommend flying with Austrian.
  I have booked the tickets in July 2020 then suddenly without any notification, Oman Air has cancelled the flight and refuse to refund us till date. The customer care is dealing with us badly, ignoring our calls and talking with us in rude language. I dont recommend anyone to fly with Oman Air.
Seoul Incheon to Chitose, and this is my first trip on board Jin Air. This is a low cost airline, no in flight entertainment on board. Nonetheless, the crew are vibrant young, friendly, attentive that keeps walking on the aisle on the aircraft to ensure passengers are well taken care. This is definitely the best low cost airline I ever flown. I shall definitely look forward to travel Jinair again.
When the flights work its a good service but 8 trips and 1 that is on time is not uncommon experience to orange residents. Constantly late constantly diverting to Bathurst constantly caught by surprise with busses and planes not working. Take my tip hire a car or catch the trainbus its quicker 6 out of 8 times I would have got there before the plane and much cheaper.
  I traveled to La Paz, Bolivia from Paraguay and before mentioning the real problem, they already changed the flight schedule couple times that even doesnt have the time for transfer. I contacted the Amaszonas airline thousands of times and eventually, and hard I could change the reasonable time. But the real problem was on coming back travel. The flight attendant from Amaszonas requested the yellow fever vaccinate card of hard copy. I already showed the soft copy of it to the airport and the counter of Amaszonas and there wasnt any problem. But before taking the flight, the attendant asked me the hard copy card and I said her that I already got approved it and they didnt mention anything about it. But she didnt listen it and just made me stand in the corridor for 30 mins and she didnt measure anything. 30 mins later, she just said to me to enter the gate without any explanation or excuse. Maybe its the reason that Im the only foreigner among the passengers. I had a joyful time in Bolivia but because of this, I have a bad memory for this flight and even for the country. If you want to experience unpleasant journey, take this airline.
  I will never fly with Jetstar again. They moved my flight without telling me then when I called customer service they yelled at me. Flights delayed a day, then another day, then an hour, then another 15 at the airport. They took away my checked baggage when they changed my flight and wouldnt reinstate it. Then they quoted me $17 per 10kg, then when i got to the service desk in the airport they charged either $50 for an extra 7kg of carry on or $45 for 15kg of checked baggage. When going through TSA I was scanned, asked to take my shoes off, even though I had previously asked the TSA if I had to, they said no. Took my shoes off and was body scanned again, then was accused of hiding something in my armpit!? In the 2 minutes it took me to take my shoes off and put on the conveyer line? They kept insisting I should go somewhere private for it, but I had nothing to hide and they were only making me late for my flight all good though, cos it was delayed again. Nothing came up in the search, obviously. They then pulled my bag aside to pull apart then decided they wouldnt. Flight delayed again. Each time another delay I failed to get an email to update me of the change. A friend caught a Jetstar flight the same day and they delayed her flight twice, even while on the plane, and the staff misprinted 3 passengers tickets so they had to reprint their tickets while they waited.  I have had to spend an extra 410 on a flight I originally booked weeks and weeks ago I even had insurance but they refused to refund me. Incredibly disappointed and enraged by the service. 
We have just returned from Johannesburg via Antananarivo to Nosy Be on air Madagascar. All of our flights were on time. We found the airline to be extremely reliable the planes in good condition the staff extremely efficient and friendly. We shall certainly recommend Air Madagascar to all of our friends travelling to Madagascar.
  Taipei to Beijing return. The inbound flight was delayed over one hour. The customer service in Beijing offered passengers snacks and soft drinks. Overall, the service was very nice. Seats are comfortable. I enjoyed both flights.
  Frankfurt to Berlin, our first flight was cancelled but they arranged me other flight. Next day I use Air Berlin also this time their service was on time and good service and cabin crew  they are very friendly and helpful. I was very happy their service.
 Shocking experience! Old plane and at lunch time, the passenger in front of me reclined his seat all the way back and I had no room to eat properly. I asked the flight attendant for help, she barely spoke any English, and said something in Spanish like I could recline as well. As a rule during taking off, landing and food serving time, passengers should keep the seat back straight. So unprofessional! This is international flight, the pilot never spoke a word of English, horrible food! Never flying with them again!
  Istanbul to Stansted. I wouldnt fly with Pegasus Airlines ever again.   £200 less than BA but I was made to book another flight because we were 4 mins late before the gate closed. We had our daughter with us who is 17 months. We had already done online checkin! All we had to do was drop our bags off. The lady at the desk said we were late.  I asked to speak to the Manager. No one came and at this point I knew i had to pay for another flight so I said just get me on another flight as we were only away for 4 days. i had to pay £379.20 on the spot. Didnt accept Credit card. Customer service was shocking!
  30hr delay, followed by a gate change after everyone already started to enter the gate. Then after we landed their was a 30 min wait on the ground due to miscommunication with air traffic control.
  We were supposed to fly 10062019 London  Shenzen  Kuala Lumpur. They canceled our flight Shenzen  Kuala Lumpur and give us another flight, but with 15 hours delay. Nobody in Shenzen Airport speaks English! After few hours and arguing we get a hotel, no water, no food! 23062019 Kuala Lumpur  Shenzen  London. They also canceled our flight from Kuala Lumpur to Shenzen just few days before departure. They offered us to fly totally different day through different city Singapore, where we had to arrive on our own! , which was unacceptable for us. We were willing to buy ticket from Kuala Lumpur to Shenzen by ourselves and use their flight from Shenzen to London, but they denied to check us in to this single flight. Overall, first flight  15 hours delayed, night in hotel in really bad conditions without food and beverages, necessity to buy different flight and our expenses on calls to their useless customers service. After all we were asking for some compensation for this horrible experience and according to their manager there is no compensation. They send us refund for canceled flight which was no near the half of the price of this ticket. Never use this airline.
Liverpool to Dalaman. Cabin crew were pleasant and enough seat room. Plane was cleaner than previous flights with other budget airlines. No entertainment but going out was a night flight so just slept. Coming back piped music played throughout the flight. I would have no hesitation in recommending Onur Air.
  Plane is new seats are comfortable and I rode premium economy. I would say the window seat, there is a gap between seat and bulkhead like a bottomless pit do things do fall into it. Condor made clear that upgrades only apply to their airline and not other feeder airline. Plane fresh and clean, service adequate money was $500 less than Delta. The having to get the follow up boarding pass is confusing. I was chosen for additional screening along with 4 other male passengers. I thought that was a bit odd.
  Dalat to Hanoi in December 2019, a domestic 1hr 45 mins flight. A cheap airline pretending to be something else. With new LCC luggage restrictions, a malfunctioning website Vietnam Airlines disappointed me now becoming a lowcost carrier and competing solely on price. Seats are the same as everyone else. Wifi does not exist. Inflight entertainment 30 minutes of ads. FB not happening for me.
  Never flying with airBaltic again! I flew with them from Vienna to Riga, in October. One of the worst travel experiences. They lost my baggage, returned it five days later, visibly damaged, and said they can only reimburse the expenses I made clothes and personal hygiene items, since I was left in Latvia with zero belongings up to 40 EUR, and only for personal hygiene items. As for the luggage, they said I should fix it at one of their partners, who just so happen not to have offices in my country. They are quoting a law from 1999 and hide behind the we did everything that was possible disclaimer in order to avoid responsibility. Avoid at any cost!
  East Midlands to Brussels. Customer services are not flexible at all and aggressive through the phone. Two weeks before the flight day I have contacted them to change a name on the ticket. Impossible because of company policy. This means I will fly with a seat free next to me. Even offering to pay for administrative fee or an additional return ticket. They dont care about customers.
  This is the second time I have flown with Regent Airways from Bangkok to Chittagong return. Nothing but praise from on line booking to great flight attendants. The food is ok  plenty of drinks dry airline. On the return trip the purser was a fantastic guy, and all the other staff were friendly and helpful as well. This is the only direct flight from Bangkok to Chittagong.
  At the gate B18 two staff from this airline asked to line up and weighted our luggage and asked people to pay. I did pay 1500.00 Mexican pesos approximately. Due to the chaos and many people surrounding the desk the lady asked to pay and proceeded to place a tag in may luggage. They did not gave me a receipt or anything and I was able to fly to Guadalajara. In Guadalajara when I was about to board another Volaris staff demanded me to pay for my luggage again! When I try to explained that I had pay in Mexico for my luggage he stated that if I would not pay I would not be allow into the plane. He would not hear my arguments at all and would not let me talk and instead he continued threatening me with not allowing me into the plane. Also he decided to send me to the security inspection which is something they do randomly. He did it as a way to punish me. I had to pay again 1584.00 to allowed me in. Rude person, abusive and felt humiliated. Never again Volaris.
  The KLM customer service on the phone did not complete the change of my ticket date and my paid ticket got canceled by KLM computers. At the airport in Prague, there is no KLM office or agent. Nobody was able to finish issuing the ticket with the new departure date. Nobody help with anything. The KLM office is closed on Sundays, nobody to call. What a horrible experience! Its unacceptable that the KLM airline agents are closed on weekends and the work hours are short.
  It was a nice surprise to find a 787 rather than a 737 that they often use on this route. Although it had an oldstyle sidebyside business seats the front of the plane almost empty and so it was not an issue. A glass of champagne was served very promptly and refilled  a nice trick other airlines should learn. The choice of food was limited to chicken or beef and I chose the former which came covidstyle but with a pleasant couscous and prawn. There is no WiFi on the aircraft and I did not check the movies. The cabin crew were efficient and pleasant.
Flew La Paz to Uyuni and return. Checkin was easy and outbound flight was on time. No bag fees or seat selection fees. Limited snack service on the plane  choice of coffee, juice, water or soda but adequate for a 45 minute flight. No IFE but with the Andes on one side and lakes and salt flats on the other it wasnt really needed. Seat pitch was surprisingly good  not sure of the measurement but I had a few inches clearance for my knees I am 6 tall which is better than economy class on most of the legacy carriers. Return flight delayed by about 30 minutes but not a major problem. Had to change our return flight and the fee was about US$4.00 so I cant complain about that. The only odd thing was the baggage handling at Uyuni. The ground crew unloaded the bags onto a cart but kept it there while they then loaded the outbound flight. After the cart was bought to the bag claim, we were not allowed in until all the bags were place in the claim area. Sort of an odd arrangement and not sure if that is on the airline or the airport ground crew. All in all a reasonable flight experience. Recommended.
Gatwick  Bangkok return.Check in  boarding at Gatwick was a breeze no one waiting for either. On entering the 747300  all the way to the rear each cabin crew member gives the traditional Thai greeting. A bit late leaving due to a few missing passengers these prehistoric aircraft are not comfortable when stationary. There is no individual air con  no air moves around the cabin until the aircraft is in flight. Quite a few of the pax were fanning themselves with the inflight leaflet. Hot cloth towels were offered but were strangely dry. Drinkspeanuts  dinner of green chicken curry or salmon fillet with rice  a chickpea salad  strawberry tart. Plenty of offers of wine  teacoffee. Flight both ways were not full so had a 3 seat row going  the last econ middle row on return. Legroom varies on the way I had about 32 pitch. Entertainment is via overhead screens. Drinks available throughout the flight  all service calls answered straight away. The crew very friendly taking time to talk to pax  to answer any questions. Coming back check in at BKK a nightmare 4 desks open 60 full flight but still took over an hour. Took off straight into a very bad thunderstorm. The plane rattled rolled dipped upped  went all over the place for about an hour. The crew sitting either side of me looked very nervous! Once everything was stable the same good service. Slept most of the way back. The plane refuels in DXB but no major hassles  front  rear door open so air moves through cabin no problem if pax wish to stand by doors again crew happy to chat one was even helping a pax with stretching exercises. More drinks  sandwiches after takeoff  breakfast before landing at LGW. Luggage took usual time for to come through. Not a bad airline  staff great but some of their inexperience shows  they need to upgrade the aircraft.
 First Flight Y9536 Calgary to Kelowna  Delayed 2 hours without announcement in Calgary. Flight came from Toronto and is always delayed. No gate announcement until 15 min. Before boarding. Second flight Y9537 Kelowna to Calgary. Delayed by one day, then cancelled. 6 hours later flight pushed out for another 2 full days. No notification SMS or Email received. Claimed for refund since I had to book another flight back to Calgary. System created a case File for APPR. But no response from the Airline. Unprofessional. File a complaint at Air Travel complaint.
  Absolutely awful at each level. Lufthansa has completely lost it. Under the pretext of COVID, Lufthansa has become extremely cheap. I have been a miles and more loyal passenger for at least a decade. During booking the lady was extremely rude and would not confirm if tickets were refundable if cancelled within 24 hours. In Washington and in Frankfurt the food was extremely sub standard and choices limited and on both flights I was not given the special meal that I had ordered. I have specific dietary requirements and despite confirming the meal twice before travel, they messed up my meal. During my flight from Frankfurt to Riyadh, the boarding was a horror. Passengers were not segregated according to class and it was almost a free for all. The ground staff was extremely rude. I requested that lady that perhaps passengers could be segregated according to class and made to board according to zones. To which she replied sarcastically how thankful she was to learn from me. I wrote several emails to Lufthansa asking them to address this and never got a reply. 
  Egregious, questionable business practices! I purposely called customer service ahead of time the day before, due to being unable to register for the flight and I did not want to be charged. So, the day of our flight we arrived at the airport 2 hours in advance. There were 2 people there to check in hundreds of passengers for two separate flights, and the line was not moving. When it was finally our turn about 20 minutes before the scheduled flight time, the Wizz Air rep insisted we pay 80 euros for not registering ahead of time. I tried to explain of the IT issues I had encountered, but she wouldnt listen to us, and told us that was the procedure. So we had to run to another terminal to pay  at which time there was 5 minutes left before the flight. When we asked how to get to the terminal, it was listed at the other terminal 3 which was a good distance away but the Wizz Air employee told us it was terminal 4. There were other customers from all over the world Irish, Portuguese who had the same problem. At this stage in the game I insisted they show us where we should go. But of course, we had to go through security  where they temporarily lost our passports! Honestly, I was afraid of having a heart attack. They did not seem at all concerned, as I assume this is the norm for the company. It was infuriating, and so unnecessary! I hope that no one else ever has such a problem. My conclusion  total ripoff, scam operation. We will never  take Wizz Air again!
  After travelling to Peru with 14 paramedics to participate in a charity trek, my luggage arrived 7 days after me. My flight consisted of 3 transfers London to Madrid, Madrid to Lima, and Lima to Cusco. I knew in advance that I had to collect my luggage in Lima and recheck in. When attempting to collect my luggage in Lima mine was the only one not to arrive. I immediately sought help but was advised to board my flight to Cusco and the gate was about to close and open a claim when I arrive in Cusco. Latam 1st admitted responsibility, then decided that no compensation would be paid as the case was opened in Cusco, not Latam. I explained that was advised to board the plane due to the gate closing but they would not accept this. They are trying to tell me that it is my fault, despite the airline in Latam telling me that they withheld my luggage in Madrid and returned it to London, so it was never available for collection. When my luggage finally arrived 7 days later, the staff at Lima airport were passiveaggressive and called security when I asked how I claim the delay. The gentleman made me feel so uncomfortable as if I has been in the wrong. The lock had been forced open and everything inside the case searched. I have been treated appallingly from start to finish. Latam ruined this experience. When returning home, 3of my colleagues bags did not arrive at the final destination.
  Kiev to Tbilisi booked for June 2018. Its terrible how they treat their clients. The airline just canceled the flight and do not answer any of my letters for two weeks. I wrote three times on FACEBOOK page  where they promised me to answer my letters but still no answer. I planned the trip for my mother. She has been dreaming about this trip her whole life. Thats terrible how they behave with the customer. Theyre completely ignoring my messages.
 Worst experience ever! I paid for my carryons. We flew originally from London to Edinburgh and nobody said anything about our carryons since we paid for them. 3 days after, on the way back from Edinburgh to London they said the carryons are oversized! I said they are the exact same carryons we flew 3days ago. The rep Mark who was there when we boarded in June 17th at 5.55am flight to London, said that they were supposed to overcharge us on the way to Edinburgh. I said these carryons fit in the overhead bins. He said, if you want to travel without paying, then these carryons should stay! I paid the charge of almost 200 pounds and he never gave me a receipt. When I asked for a receipt, they said I will get it on my email. I never received anything and dont even know how much they actually charged me! 
  Flight was delayed by hours and landed in a different County with no mention. Then there was no transport as promised. I was travelling with 2 young kids we were in a foreign county until 130 am with no help from Wizz air. The flight attendants were borderline abusive and Wizz air had no remorse and have no compensation. We had to figure out our own transport. They wouldnt even help me find my buggy they lost so I was having such a hard time but they were no help.
 This was my first ever time I flew with Kuwait Airways or through Kuwait Airport. Since this is a review of the aircraft and its services, I shall highlight that here. To begin with, before flying this airline  I had read reviews online not too favorable  however I was blown away the moment I stepped into the flight KU 411 flying to Bangkok on 08 May 2018. Yes, the aircraft was new and only showcased where Kuwait is redesigning itself from its old tired image. The branding, the uniforms of the crew and most importantly the spacious economy class seats  wow! I never expected this and the service was top notch. The crew who served me were very gracious, very presentable and attended to everyones needs. Onboard entertainment  the screen were huge for economy class and the choice on the inflight entertainment was pretty decent  a wider variety would be perfect! Inflight food  the food was decent and you are given a good dose of refills of beverage to your delight. The restroomtoilet space was my only concern  may be KU accepted giving more space and comfort on its new flights  compromising on the size of the rest rooms  its a bit tight once you in  but hey if you are smart  look for the toilets built for the disabled  its a pretty decent size  in the mid section of the plane. Overall, I would give a big thumps up to Kuwait Airways and hope you build on this from here.
No overhead space to speak of, wonderful inflight staff. Flight on time, and very comfortable seats. These planes are really too small for people of my stature. It is very sad what American Airlines has done to STL, with sad and disgruntled staff.
 Flight cancelled by airline shortly before flight but refund not received. Calling or chatting to human is impossible and AI bot gives irrelevant answers but doesnt solve your issue. Then after that says my details can not be verified or time limit is up so cut you off repeatedly even if you try different ways to refer.
NRTPOMBNE Business Class. It was a pleasant experience. FAs are efficient and friendly. I did not have much expectations for the IFE but was actually quite good. 3hour delay at Port Moresby but waiting at the executive lounge time went very quickly. Incidentally I never complain about delay when the airline companys priority is safety and paying extra attention to some fault even if its minor. I heard airliners in South Pacific region as well as Australia and NZ have very good safety record and I deeply appreciate and respect that.
  I was notified that my flight was cancelled, so I requested a refund. Today at the airport I saw the flight I had booked flew today. Asking for answers from AirAsia they tried to blame me just to clarify, you are asking for a refund for the missed flight? 
  They canceled my flight after postponing it 4 times. I was reaccommodated on a flight that same afternoon with a stopover in Auckland. Flight that was also cancelled, having to spend one night at the place of origin and losing payment for my stay at destination. I was waiting 5 hours in the customer service line and they never answered me. The next day I was able to communicate with the intention of getting a flight and there were no flights available, I wanted to claim the full refund of my ticket and they did not want to refund the money, they did not take care of the stay at the place of origin or at the place of destiny. They said that the stay had to be approved in advance, how can I have the stay approved if they never answered the phone after 5 hours on hold? I wanted to change the date of the flight and they wanted to make me pay a fee, I asked them for alternative transportation options buses, rent a car to reach my destination and they did not accept it. Terrible customer service, terrible treatment.
 Transavia has a terrible coronavirus safety net. The European Union isnt allowing United States citizens to travel. I should be able to receive a full refund in this case. I can only rebook my flight to the same destination by March 1. Most other airlines provide you with a credit you can use 12 years from your original booking. Why can I only rebook until March?? My flight was supposed to be in the summer when I have off from work, so I cant even reschedule the flight to a time I am available. I will never book with this airline again.
  Paris to Ashgabat. Check in baggage allowance was 25 kg, not the 33, that most others have. Flight left on time, 23 full. Plane new, but no entertainment except map overhead. Seats maybe cheapest Ive ever seen. Like most 737 planes rows near exit doors do not recline. food was hot, ok, but definitely not the ritz. No alcohol served. Plenty of soft drinks. If you are squeamish, bring your own water and food and entertainment. The big complaint was someone smoking and no one said a thing. It stunk up the whole cabin. Staff emotionless. Price was cheap, so value for the trip was ok. Ashgabat Airport is new, almost no one speaks English and definitely not French. I went in expecting horrid and disastrous, but all in all was a new experience.
  London to Bandar seri Begawan via Dubai. I was so pleased but the service and hospitality being given to us. The cabin staff were so polite and proactive to provide service and help. Foods and drinks were supplied adequately. I strongly recommend travellers to take an experience of flying from it.
The last three flights on Air Zimbabwe that my wife andor myself have been on have been an absolute disaster. Flights cancelled and delayed have been the norm. Reaction from Air Zimbabwe have been explained away as Operational Reasons beyond their control . What rubbish they have all been the result of the incompetence of their management. To any one considering flying Air Zimbabwe I recommend you consider other options.
  Haikou to Sydney. This service on this flight is outstanding. Cabin Manager is friendly, professional and she provides help at the first time when I have a request. The Hai Chef provided me with excellent meals on this flight. The crew demonstrated a professional service standard.
  East Midlands to Orlando Sanford. The service was excellent. It was our first time flying from East Midlands and with TUI and both were exceptional. The cabin crew staff couldnt do enough for us. The legroom was excellent. Choice of entertainment excellent and food was good too.
  Lombok to Jakarta. The worst airline I have ever have had the misfortune of using. Since moving to Indonesia at the beginning of the year I have used Lion Air 5 times. Each time I have been delayed at least 1 hour. Its a complete normal thing for them. Avoid at all costs and pay the extra money to fly Garuda.
This airline is extremely inefficient and ineffective. Out of four flights taken in the last 3 days, only one was on time. The others were delayed by an hour or more. For one of them, online it said our plane was arriving from Chicago, the phone representative said it was coming from Los Angeles, and the gate attendant said it arrived from Montego Bay. It was delayed over an hour. Our plane from Charlotte to Myrtle Beach on June 29th at on the runway for an hour before turning back to the gate to replace a radio. Overall an extreme disappointment. I do not intend to fly this airline again nor recommend it.
I fly with Air Namibia quite a lot and must say that usually Im very happy with all. Thats the reason I decided to comment here is yes sometimes there are delays but show me any airline that doesnt have that problem. Flew from JohannesburgWindhoek. Flight wasnt that full and boarding went quickly and the flight left on time. Plane was an older B737200 but looked in top condition and also the interior of the plane was really good. The on flight service was very good and I need to mention that the food served on Air Namibia is usually quite good compared to other mayor airlines. The plane doesnt have onboard entertainment but with a good monthly on flight magazine the 2 hrs flight is over in a breeze.
Bangkok to Yangon return. Departing journey was OK plane interior was quite shabby and needed a refit. The food could have been better. FAs were good at their job very friendly. The return flight was better the interior was better with Air Bagan logos they served a continental breakfast which was very good. There was no problem with weight excess baggage was waived.
  New York to Tokyo 11th October, we decided to use some points for a simple Premium Economy flight from New York to Tokyo with Japan Airlines. Easy, points used, flights booked all good Until we arrived at JFK airport. 3 days earlier we had tried to catch the flight but due to Covid regulations we needed a PCR test, so the flight was postponed. We then paid the additional charge to Qantas. Japan Airlines then informed us on our arrival via their supervisor our tickets were fake and we were not confirmed on the flight. Earlier that morning we had double checked with Qantas. We showed our receipt of payment, answer no. I called Qantas customer service and they tell them to look at their screen. JAL Manager says its fake and walks away. At this point the manager is trying to avoid me, I say please speak to Qantas here is the phone. They say to tell you all you have to do is look at your screen. The manager looks at the screen and our tickets were there all along. No apology. 
  Amsterdam to Cairo via Tunis. The first leg of the flight was 255 min late, just enough not to get compensation. The 2nd part of the route was delayed 6hr. At the airport in Tunis, most of Tunisair flights were on delay. When we arrived in Cairo it was obvious that all luggage had been opened and whatever of value was taken. I would never get close to that airline and I would not recommend it to anyone. 
Wonderful service and I was happy with economy class experience. Comfy seat, nice cabin, and IFE is great! Food was great, and prompt service. Cabin crew always present to help. I felt a little unsafe with Chinese carriers so tried Dragonair because of many reviews. I wasnt disappointed! I felt safe and comfortable the entire trip. Had a rough landing in Wuhan but that seems like the normal thing here.
  Prague to Helsinki. Had to pay 45 eur for 20x20 cm bag at the gate because it was additional item to a cabin sized small suitcase. Handbag had to either be put in suitcase which was full or pay 45 eur.
  The leg from Melbourne to Abu Dhabi and Abu Dhabi to Melbourne was the worst flight of my life, both ways. Ive flown the route from Melbourne to Vienna many times with Emirates, Qatar, Qantas, this was hands down the worst experience by far. Not only was the plane for this 13 hour flight 20 years old, the seats were unbelievably uncomfortable, the bathrooms were filthy, on the first flight the toilet flushing button was smashed and covered in filth. The food was awful. On returning home, I looked to see if I could book a premium economy seat to alleviate the discomfort. The website told me the seats I selected were unavailable, but charged me 222.00 $ each time I clicked a seat. I was charged multiple times for seats that were unavailable. I immediately called Etihad and asked them to refund me. I was told I wasnt charged and my bank would release the funds in 24 hours. On the flight in question I was given one of the worst seats, in the very back of the plane in a seat that didnt recline. 5 days later, the money still isnt back in my account. I call again and say Im going to dispute with my bank, they ask for 24 more hours to reverse the charge. Its been three days, a total of over a week. Theyre still keeping my money.
  Flew KGLAMSCPH with KLM 16 April 2023 on A330200 and B737 aircrafts. Economy Lite ticket was quite cheap, bought from an OTA and easily handled online on KLMs homepage. Perks as Flying Blue gold card holder was given throughout from priority, lounge, selecting preferred seat, etc. Checkin online did not work  wasted time on several attempts. However, the checkin KGL was quick and hasslefree. Got option to select a better seat as the flight was full I chose an exit seat, 30B, which was a real winner and one of very few seats with gorgeous leg space. Such a seat costs 300 EUR if prebooked, but was offered to me during checkin free of charge, likely due to my gold card. This seat, given to me in the last moment, saved my trip as the original seating had changed the flight had become completely full and I about to be given a seat in a very crowded section near toilets. Access to KLMs 3rd party Pearl lounge was granted due to my Flying Blue gold card. The lounge is well supplied, but of sparse offerings. Departure from Kigali became 4 hours delayed however, all delays were properly informed on monitors, by email, and by SMS. That caused me missing my flight in Amsterdam, but I did not stress just went to the KLM lounge and printed out the revised BPs for the last leg to CPH, which was scheduled ambiently. Enjoyed a solid, nice breakfast in the impressive KLM 52 Lounge in nonSchengen sector. Passport control and security check took more than an hour not acceptable. The serious delay, arose from a wheel puncture while the aircraft stopped over in Zanzibar. It was explained in detail by flight crew and from cockpit. A new flight crew had just boarded in Kigali they were fresh, well groomed, and well rested. Service was fine, but food provided was very little, though included a small, hot airy pizza no alternative. The wines offered were of RSA Cape origin The red wine Shiraz was good, while the Chenin Blanc white wine was undrinkable. They were served in well labelled minibottles which are a nice touch. The cabin crew differed tremendously in attitude, ranging from the typical, surly, patronising classic Dutch crew, to more modern and empathic types. Initially, I was not recognised as status flyer, but later they found out and provided me a full amenity kit and a Dutch ceramic minihouse as souvenir. Disembarkation in Schiphol was tedious by using busses from a remote stand. Last flight to CPH was briefly on time, and service onboard was fine. Luggage handled correctly throughout and arrived in CPH timely, despite having been rebooked and relabelled. The experience with KLM was good. The serious delay from Africa was well handled professional and faultless. Will fly again.
  Sal to Gatwick. The worst flight Ive had. I already lowered my expectations but nothing could have prepared me for how bad this was, it ruined the end of a great holiday. Check in lady told me to take the souvenir on board rather than check it in as it would be safer, unfortunately when I got on board it didnt fit in the lockers above my seat. Went to the Cabin Manager to ask for some help and the response was its not my fault you brought something too big, if you cant find somewhere then you cant take it. Thankfully fellow passengers were helpful in moving bags etc around to help me fit it in. No  vegetarian meal despite ordering one and having the proof. Once again the Cabin Manager said no food was loaded, even for purchase, other than the chicken meal, so no food for me. Decided to just get some sleep, as it was a night flight, unfortunately the crew decided to make announcements all night, chat so loud in the galley I could hear all the intimate details of their conversations. The extra leg room seat was the most uncomfortable ever. Virtually nothing to watch on the IFE, compared to the amount available of every other airline Ive flown on for a flight of that length. When I complained to Thomson on return, after waiting a month for them to email back it said we cant please everyone and most customers are happy with our service!
  Stockholm to Antalya via Prague. Worst company I have ever used. Two delayed flights and treated med really bad. I never use this awful company ever again. If you think about flying with this company, do not.
  Luxembourg to London City. Excellent airline with fabulous cabin staff. Really impressed with the full service that you now dont get on airlines like BA. Old school service with sweets handed out before landing. I highly recommend people from London needing to get to Luxembourg to use Luxair from City Airport. Absolutely well worth it. Our flight was bang on time and the check in was also seamless with a lovely check on agent.
  Oman Air is, quite simply, a complete and utter disgrace. The airline treats its guests with complete contempt. Flights from Amman to Muscat and back were cancelled due to the COVID19 pandemic and they are refusing to refund, instead keeping my money and that of countless other customers when planes did not even take off. The airline has adopted a policy of hoping customers will stop pestering them so they can keep their money without providing a service. They refuse to help on the phone or hang up on you and direct you to an email address. An automatic reply to all emails says you may have to wait 15 days for a reply. If you get a reply, they do not help or address any questions you have asked. It is just a copy and paste response. When you reply again, you get the same automatic message saying to wait 15 days. It is a system which seems like it has been purposely designed to annoy and frustrate. I specifically put several times I did not want a voucher or to keep the ticket open, and requested a full refund as is my legal right. This was repeatedly ignored as they kept offering to keep the ticket open. On one occasion I was told to fill out an online form to process my refund. I did this, and eventually got a reply again offering me to keep the ticket open. They eventually said that as per their terms and conditions, I would be paid 12 months after the tickets were booked. So they want to use peoples money as an interest free loan. I asked several times where in the terms and conditions it says this and was repeatedly ignored. The reason for this is it is not in the terms and conditions. I also have no faith they will repay the money after this time. I was really looking forward to visiting Oman but my impression of the country is now permanently damaged because of the airline which represents them.
  Rekjavik to Amsterdam. This is the worst airline ever. The flight was delayed over an hour on the way to Iceland which made us super late to our appointment on the island. I forgot to take my travel sickness tablet and the flight attendants refused to give me water and asked me to pay for it when the flight took off. Luckily the person sitting next to me offered to give me water. On the way home there was only a 20 minute delay however baggage claim took over an hour to get which made us miss our next flight. We were not able to check in our luggage for our next flight as we had 30 minutes left and the flight was already boarding passengers. Because of this we had to book a new flight to get back home. We were stranded at the airport.
  AirAsia is weighing cabin baggage along with laptop bags and ladies hand bags. Any additional baggage beyond 7 kg combined weight of cabin bag laptop ladies hand bag is charged INR 1900 per kg. I faced this at Delhi Airport today. 
 I flew from Singapore to Jakarta on Jetstar Asia codeshare with Jet Airways. The flight was quite comfortable for the short flight. The legspace and seat width and support was comfortable. Since it was a codeshare flight, I got a complementary snack and beverage which was sufficient and good for the flight duration.
  Excellent first experience flying within Thailand on Bangkok Airways, Krabi to Bangkok. The flight left on time from Krabi, the legroom was extremely generous, comfortable seat, the food was some of the best Ive had I have flown business several times and it beat most of these! and the staff were efficient and friendly. Would recommend and book again in future for definite.
  My baggage were delayedlost and I completed a form at the airport but they did not even give me a copy or some kind of a ticket. They said they will contact me and also wrote a phone number to contact but nobody was answering. I called the 800 number but they are also of no help. Their customer care is simply useless. 
 Dakar to Casablanca. Very nice experience! Very satisfied to travel with the Royal Air Maroc. An airline serving its customers. Bravo the RAM. You are the Best! 
  First time using this airline and pleasantly surprised. Compared with other lowcost airlines, I have found the customer service extremely good. Knowing that the flight was delayed by a few hours, the staff did everything they could so I didnt miss my connection with another airline Scoot at Penang airport. I was surprised, cause usually airlines dont care since you are using another airline afterwards. In this case, they arranged for a staff to pick me up straight from the plane to the boarding gate. He helped me skip all the queue at customers etc. Without their help I would have missed my flight 100. Thanks again! Also, unlike other low cost airlines, this one is not tacky and actually quite classy. The hostesses are also very pretty! However the plane was very late so I can only give 810
 Taiyuan to Shanghai. China Eastern has a dedicated checkin and security screening area at Taiyuan airport for business class customers, which is nice. However, the lounge was very small with no toilet. The aircraft cabin was similar to domestic shorthaul equipment in the US, with recliners for business class. Cabin service was excellent. Meal was nicely presented, though I dont find it tasty. Overall, it was a decent domestic flight.
  We went to Canberra for a funeral and on the flight back we had such a great steward Johno such a happy person with a great personality, making everyone feel so welcome. Nothing was a problem, even though it was a short flight he was the best, see you again Qantas
  Tokyo to Rome. The airplane was dirty and poorly maintained. Me and my neighbor had broken seats and our screens were small and not functioning properly. Staff was unprofessional. Chatting loudly with each other throughout the flight, even during the service. As I move to the back of the plane to get something to drink, they were sitting there having their loud conversation and minding their own business. No one asked me if I needed something. 
  Flew with this airline a few times and each time was OK. Then in May 2020 i booked a ticket from Kazakhstan back to the UK via Minsk. They then cancelled the flight a couple of days before due to COVID. I followed instructions and applied for a refundcredit for the price I paid which was just less than 300 Dollars. I filled in the appropriate document and sent it along with the eticket, a copy of my passport etc. I have since emailed them multiple times. It is now September and I have not heard a single thing from them they have just taken my money and ignored me. Disgraceful.
  Siem Reap to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi. Overall, comfortable flight. Pros Attentive crew, smooth flight, decent food. You actually reach a real person if you call customer service. Cons Flight did not leave on time. Web app is not easy to use when booking. I wanted to book a flight from Bangkok to Siem Reap and tried 4 times. Each time I got to the payment page, the app would crash. I finally called the customer service no. on the morning of my planned departure but by that time, the good airfare was gone! I ended up flying with AirAsia, which I would not recommend to anyone.
  Icelandair is the worst  they do not care. One in group did not receive their bag. After filling out their forms, we learn the agent never inputted it into their system. The business class seats were poor for sleeping 6 hour flight. We need to change return date. No one at either airport checkin would help. Ask for a manager  told none at the airport working from home. Tried calling  gave up after 35 minutes on hold Intl. call. Tried the Apple app  it did not load. Did download the Android app, but when you clicked Done it gave an error but never said what the error was. We ended up buying a second ticket home. No refunds.
Flew domestic Mehrabad  Mashhad  Mehrabad a few weeks ago. The lounge at THR is professional and maintained served and supplied with food and beverages. Food was served even in economy on a short flight and it was good according to time of the day. Service next to none really!
Flew SmartWings CPHPRG and back. Of course being a low cost carrier they offer a one class service. Seat pitch is ok. You get what you pay for in my case aprox. USD 200. Cabin isnnt that pretty but service is ok. Cabin crew do a nice job and prices for soft drinks are reasonable 1 to 1 EUR. Most importantly both my out and inbound flights departed and arrived a little ahead of schedule
  I was traveling from Paris to Delhi via Bahrain on 17th March. While boarding at Paris,the management said that your flight from Bahrain to Delhi has been cancelled. The management said dont worry we will transfer you to some other airlines. When we reached Bahrain, Gulf Air was helpless,they left us stranded for 18 hours without food and accommodation and they made us wait for 18 hours and then transferred us in GF134 on 18th March next day at 1415. After that, we were 11 passengers travelling from Paris, out of 11, 9 were given business class upgrade and me and other Indian guy was left out. Asking for my rights is a crime?  It was so humiliating, but Im proud of my identity and I decided I will never fly this airline again.
  Simferopol to Moscow Vnukovo. As I understood, this flight is executed on a widebody aircraft in summer, this time it was Boeing 777300. The flight itself was good, the aircraft was rather old but very wellmaintained, seat width and pitch are really big, cabin crew was awesome very polite, professional and understanding. Departure and arrival on time, the boarding process started an hour prior to departure  so the passengers had to sit in the plane for an extra hour. The queues for checkin were rather long, I prefer they to open more checkin counters. IFE is present but not working, but their journal is really interesting  I spend almost the whole flight reading it. Food includes a cup of waterteacoffee and a sandwich, I considered it quite tasty this time. All in all, a nice flight but I have to decrease my rating because it was heavily overpriced.
 Four people in our tour group made our own reservations for a trip from the US to Paris. The travel day began with the initial flight and then Easy Jet reservations were made to fly hours later to Lisbon Portugal. We landed on time at CDG airport and received notification from Easy Jet that our flight to Lisbon was delayed for 90 minutes. No issue there for us  just a bit more time to stretch our legs. The communication from Easy Jet came in a text. I still have a picture of the text received. We arrived at the gate prior to the original departure time to find that the flight was only 11 minutes late and because we were not at the gate two hours prior to the original departure time we were not allowed to board the airplane. The gate agent would lend absolutely no support. We were not the only passengers that were left that day. We each purchased our ticket and a carry on bag for the flight. There were no other flights from CDG airport available to Lisbon that day which was not an option for us as we had to meet our tour group. We each had to make reservations for TAP Portugal out of Orly Airport  about an hour Uber Drive from CDG. This expenditure cost each of us nearly $400  the Uber Drive, the last minute flight and the baggage. I reached out to Easy Jet upon our arrival home. The emails have been nonstop with sending our information, picture of the text message received and basic pleading to have our money refunded. We were only issued the tax on the flight which came to $19.06 Euro. We will never travel Easy Jet in the future. We will share our experience to whoever will listen and get the word out that this company takes no responsibility for their lack of customer service and their lack of communication. The deal we received in booking this reservation was excellent so in good faith, reimbursing each of us would not have broken the bank for the company. We are VERY disappointed and do not want anyone else to experience like we did.
IADORY return in BizSeat. I disagree with comments about the BizSeat being Premium Economy rather than Business Class. BizSeat is equivalent to the business class seats that airlines used to use on transatlantic seats prior to the introduction of flat beds in the last few years. The seat is very comfortable and uses old manual controls reclines to a 140 degree angle. The best thing about the layout of the 757 currently used on the Dulles route is that there are just 40 seats in the BizSeat cabin and 24 in the BizBed cabin meaning 64 passengers. BA Lounge at Dulles is great while the Salon Icare lounge at Orly is nothing to write home about. Service on the flight to ORY was poor especially considering that there were only 25 passengers on board and 5 flight attendants. Service on the return from ORY with a full plane was much better. The one downfall certainly in the BizSeat cabin is the food and beverage service. While there are some great wines available liquor selection is very limited. The main meals are nouvelle cuisine so while tasty are not very filling. I was shocked that OpenSkies dont provide a menu card to preview meal options. The breakfast on the outbound and snack on the return flight were below the standard Ive seen in any transatlantic economy cabin. Passing through the BizBed cabin it looks like a very poor product compared with parent company BAs Club World and not worth the money. Id strongly recommend OpenSkies BizSeat for anybody looking for a very affordable halfway point between Premium Economy and a lieflat bed but the small number of people on board makes the biggest difference.
Horizon Air from Seattle to Eugene roundtrip. No complaints, the crews were great, planes clean and on time in both directions. As with all of Horizon Air flights, free beverages including wine and beer are provided. The aircraft was perfect for the less than one hour flight to SeaTac  quite fast actually. The skies were clear and the view was perfect. Nice job all the way around.
I have never had a worse experience DCA to NAS. I purchased tickets through BA for a codeshare with USAir. Upon check in we were told that BA never transfered the ticket numbers to them and therefore they had no record of our reservations. There were 30 other travelers at the gate with BA tickets on this codeshare and all were told they had no reservations. We tried to call BA to rectify the situation only to have them cut us off 10 times. We never reached our destination we lost the money paid to our vacation rental and have yet to be refunded our airfare. No one in customer service cared one iota. Instead they blamed USair for the problem.
  My comment is mainly for safety concern. I was allotted seat at emergency exit row, along with me in same row one was senior citizen and one was obese. I have request that emergency exit seats to be allocated to passengers which can actually help in evacuation in case of emergency. Please look into the issue for future flights considering safety of passengers
  I took advantage of the low fare that Hawaiian Airlines offered and then they treat me like the low class that the ticket represents. I had to check my own bags but I couldnt select my own seat. No one is available to help you check your bags because all the agents are standing at the boarding gate and sorting out the seating arrangement for the low budget flyers ... and thats how they assign their staff time. You then board in group 6 and scrap for baggage space in the overhead bins. You get what you pay for and you are treated like it too. Only positive of the trip was the movie selection, after you pay $4 for earbuds.
  New York JFK to Paris CDG. One of the worst flights ever. Though we are allowed 5kg yes, only 5kg of carry on luggage, at the airport I am informed there is no overhead compartment for small suitcases. When I ask for options, instead of answering my question, they take me to the manager, make me wait for 30min and then accuse me of making a scene. When they all calm down, they explain I can use the storage under the seat which is ok by me and I checkin the carryon. Though the plane simply does not have overhead compartments for the middle section. To avoid issue it is worse to pay to pick a seat on window side. Otherwise, hot flight with zero AC, totally inedible food, service absent, central entertainment is very low quality. Only positive is the price.
  This was the first time that I have taken the nonstop flight between Taipei to Chiang Mai. I have always gone through BKK and up to CNX. The connection with my incoming flight from Vancouver was perfect and instead of arriving at CNX around suppertime, I arrived later in the morning. Once again, the flight crew are incredible, courteous, respectful, communicate well and helpful in any way needed. The food and red wine were great and I certainly was not hungry upon arrival. There is plenty of leg room on the 321 and this is a route that I will most definitely use again between CNXYVR or CNXYYZ. I never hesitate to recommend EVA to my friends coming over here from either Canada or the U,.S. The ground crew in Vancouver, where my trip originated are also great and really helpful.
 Moroni to Anjouan. It is a very small airline. My ticket advised me to turn up at 0800hrs which I did. There was confusion at this small airport. I was then directed to the office of AB Aviation which was still closed. It opened at 0900hrs and I was told that the flight had been put back to 1300hrs and that they had tried to contact me. This could not be true as they did not have my phone number. I was with a local guide and he had not been informed either. I presume that I was bumped off. The later flight did operate but as usual, there was confusion at checkin. The flight was only 30mins and there were no further problems. Not a good airline but it is the only one for Comoros.
  Worst airline ever! They lost our luggage in Belgrade and it is impossible to reach anybody. We called 20 different numbers all day and no one ever picks up the phone. We knew someone in Belgrade who went to the airport and even that was useless. Nobody had a clue, and nobody cared. Everybody was rude and aggressive. It is complete chaos, this company is going down the drain. Avoid them at all cost. Avoid also Belgrade airport as a stop over, the ground operations are totally disorganised. 
LAN had the best times for my travel needs.  Flights were on time, plenty of legroom in coach, very comfortable recline in seats, ample personal entertainment on TV, decent food options, attentive staff, a bag on each seat with blanketpilloweye maskear plugswater. I managed to get a decent amount of sleep on the long haul leg between JFK and Lima. All of my baggage arrived without trouble. I only speak a little Spanish and I would attempt to communicate staff also speak English and were friendly and helpful. I will add this tip, and it is more about the Lima transfer than LAN  when you transfer in Lima, you must collect baggage and recheck it for continuing flights. You need to exit the airport, reenter just around a corner, and navigate a maze of lines with little indication as of the correct line. Make sure you have ample time between connections. I had 2.5 hours and it was just enough time.
  I flew Gulf Air Singapore to Milan via Bahrain on 28 October 2022. The first leg of the journey was operated by a B787 featuring the Apex Suites. The Suites were comfortable and had good privacy even though arranged in a 222 configuration. Each seat has direct aisle access. There were 2 meals on this sector  dinner and light meal. There were some service lapses on this sector. Dinner service did not commence until almost 2 hours after departure and given the late departure from Singapore after a one hour delay, it was almost midnight when dinner was served. The amenity kit was given out only just before landing in Bahrain  it should have been given out at the start of the flight  blankets were not distributed at the start of the flight. The flight attendant placed a blanket over me while I was sleeping. I am not finding fault with the crew. They did their very best given the shortened turnaround time in Singapore to make up for the late inbound flight. The second sector to Milan with a brief stop in Rome was operated by a narrow body A321 Neo. Again two meals were served  supper and breakfast. I had the mezze for supper and omelette and sausage for breakfast. Both were delicious. Amenity kit, blanket, slippers and pyjamas were distributed on this 6 hour flight to Rome. A small snack was served for the short hop from Rome to Milan. Overall I found the cabin crew to be attentive and friendly despite the service lapses in the first sector. The hard product was comfortable and Gulf Air is one of the few airlines that distribute pyjamas on medium haul flights. Inflight entertainment was adequate but not fantastic with emphasis on Arabic movies and music.
  Taipei to Seoul. Disappointing flight, not busy, but plane is old Hello Kitty plane no hot beverage service or drinks. Just given a bag with cake and water inside. Not really sure why? Cabin crew average. Poor business class offering on this flight.
  Flew with China Eastern from Gatwick to Bali via Shanghai and back to Heathrow. Flight from Gatwick was poor compared to the flight back to Heathrow. On the return leg the food was good and flight attendants attentive. However, the flight from Gatwick could be much improved. We were served food within an hour of departure and then didnt see the flight attendants again until two hours before we landed an almost 8 hour absence. No snacks. No water. 8 hours. Flight to Bali on old a330, no entertainment and again, limited FA presence. However, tickets were extremely cheap and so long as you stock up with water and snacks before the flight it is worth travelling with them for the cheap tickets.
  I was slightly disappointed with my Air Malta experience. Wwe flew from Palermo to Malta, then to Rome after our holiday. In Palermo, there was only one check in counter open, which was necessary for us since we had to check our luggage. Thankfully we arrived early and there was only a very small queue. Palermo airport has terrible signage, we didnt know where the check in counter was until we walked to the wrong zone. Boarding was done by bus at Palermo, all flights had bus gates. In Malta this is fine since there is literally no physical gates. Boarding was rather fast, and there were no zones, everybody can board at the same time. Both A320s we flew were older. The first flight was an all economy configuration, so the system gave us row 2, and row 3 was empty so I moved back to get a view of the landing. On the flight to Rome it was a bit weird, i was sent multiple emails asking if I would like to get upgraded, for what actually wouldve cost me double my ticket cost. Nobody was actually sitting in the first three rows, we had row 4 so I wanted to move to row 3 but the crew didnt let me or anybody else. Service on both flights seemed nonexistent. I expected a drinks service on the Rome flight. The crew were friendly, seemed professional and helpful to those who needed help.  Overall, a below average experience, if flying from Italy, I would recommend them. If flying from the UK or other parts of Europe, try to consider another carrier as well.
  4 hour late in Las Vegas. I spent 12 hours waiting my second flight. Nobody had answers. First time I get a flight with this airline and last too. Terrible.
  Terrible service from Aeromexico and from the person in charge at the Benito Jurez airport, Terminal 2. The airline sells a ticket from Colombia to London with a connection in Mexico, they force the passenger to buy a new ticket because when going through immigration the passenger arrives a hour before the flight and they dont allow you to board because you cant check your luggage. It is an abuse, how can they sell a ticket with a connection in which there will not be time to board the flight. Neither the lady in charge at the airport nor any aeromexico employee offered any alternative.  Psimo servicio de aeromexico y de la persona que se encuentra encargada en aeropuerto Benito Jurez, terminal 2. La aerolnea vende un billete desde Colombia a Londres con conexin en mexico, obligan al pasajero a comprar nuevo boleto porque al pasar por inmigracin el pasajero llega una hora antes de vuelo y no le permiten abordar porque no puede documentar su equipaje. Es un abuso, como pueden vender un boleto con una conexin en la que no habr tiempo de abordar el vuelo. La seora encargada en el aeropuerto ni ningn empleado de aeromexico ofreci ninguna alternativa.
  Seoul to Bangkok. This was the worst travel experience Ive had. I was planning to go to BKK. I flew Delta with the intention of transferring to Jeju to complete the trip to BKK. I paid for a ticket the day before and thought everything was fine until I landed in Korea. They tried calling me en route there 23hr flight couldnt answer then sent me an email on the day I landed saying my ticket was cancelled due to technical issues. As I was boarding they denied me my initial flight, then said I had to pay another $500 in order to go.  I only had a certain amount of money budgeted to make BKK a great experience. I had to use that money to get to BKK.  They said they would give me a full refund but that money wouldnt show up in my account until a week later.  I love to give everybody the benefit of the doubt but long story short Jeju Airlines completely screwed me over because of their incompetence and technical issues. I wouldnt suggest anyone fly with this airline. My worst travel experience to date and I travel a lot.
  Brussels to Bristol. My boyfriend and I arrived at the day of the flight to the airport when they told us, at the security gate, that our flight got cancelled. We had to wait 8 hours at Brussels airport and then, we flew to Birmingham. Our original flight was to Bristol. From Birmingham, we had to pay from our own pockets a train to Bristol that was not cheap at all. Until today, 7 months after, the only thing that we heard from BMI is that they will eventually pay this was said in August and to be patient. We are still waiting for costcoverage and compensation.
  London to Melbourne via Brunei. Checkin procedure online was a shambles, with no wallet ticket available. The system broke three times whilst checking in. The first flight was fine, but the entertainment system was incredibly poor with most films being old and none of the recent releases. After landing in Brunei we were advised our flight had been changed to a small aircraft due to a fault.  7 hours stuck in a small seat and only 2 toilets is far from ideal.  Since this flight I have contacted RB customer service several times. Its taken a month to have a reply from them. They seem to have no issue with passengers poor comfort and service. They have simply stated that as the flight landed and we arrived safely thats all that their charter covers  the fact that we had no room, delays and a horrific flight doesnt seem to matter. My advice to anyone is avoid RB. Pay the extra money and go with a proper airline with a good reputation for customer service. Enjoy the service you would expect elsewhere.
  Seattle to Tokyo Narita. Not a good experience. Cabin crew were fantastic and graceful but the seat  one of the newer lay flat suites was clostrophobic with the divider up. Hate the Boeing 787 electronic window blinds because they do not get completely dark  on a flight heading west, they do not stop the sun shining into the cabin and heating it up. IFE was OK but not outstanding. Although the crew were great, the food Japanese set  was not fresh. The drink service was slow as well which for a flight that is not too long delayed food service and resulted in little time for sleep. Lounge in Seattle was really poor The Club and not up to biz class standards. Sakura lounge in NRT was not much better. All in all will not fly JAL again to Asia from West Coast.
  Staff could be nicer to customers instead of yelling. There are some people who do not fly often and are not familiar with the rules, so be considerate of that and tell them what they are doing wrong instead of being rude.
We went to Djerba on 5th of May. This has got to be the worst airline I have ever been with. The plane was old and grubby toilets needed a good clean. The crew served drinks once no alcohol even though there is a price list in their inflight magazine. No duty free the crew sat in the galley most of the flight their English was poor. The only plus side was that the plane was newer on the way home but still rubbish service and rude crew.
  Osaka to Seoul. Very satisfied with the service of this low cost Korean airline. Check In was quick even though the line was long. Very helpful In finding info for my flight out of Seoul in their systems since I couldnt provide this required information. FAs organized, smiling and did their best with all the hand baggage people brought onboard.  Uneventful flight With ok legspace. Would definitely recommend.
SHA  PEK Economy on B767300. Booked online passport was sufficient checking in a matter of seconds. The plane was clean comfy seats and most generous legroom I have ever experienced in an Economy seat. 2x3x2 configuration was nice. Relatively friendly but not overwhelming staff probably speaking not too much English got along with Chinese well. Food was OK Chinese certainly not for everyone though. 3 drinks in roughly 90 minutes are far above domestic European standards. Only annoying thing The standard please remain seated turbulence ahead messages every Chinese carrier plays all the time even if there wont be any.
  I booked a flight and one day before they cancelled the flight. I went to several offices of Sriwijaya but they told I have to go to the booking intermediate. They tell me that the company did not refund it. It was 4 months ago and I still dont have my money back. Never book a ticket with them, they take your money and never do any refunds.
  I had the worst experience of my lifetime flying with Emirates. It all started from Thiruvananthapuram where our travel began, food was just pathetic and the service is just awful. Let alone the seats are not even comfortable with hardly any legroom. Sitting on the seat for less than an hour and you feel your bones crushing on the frame of the seat. The flight attendants seem like overly busy even if they were to walk past you and you ask them for a glass of water. The next leg was the long haul. Both my wife and I were just exhausted with the service and the flight attendants wouldnt even get a band aid after I cut myself from hitting my feet on the fasteners of the seat.  We waited for almost an hr after boarding from Dubai to take off and I ended up cutting myself while being seated and I showed my feet to the flight attendant, and she didnt even care to get back to me until my wife had to address it 48 minutes later.  The seats are as poor as the first leg. How do you expect customers to sit in these seats for such longhaul flights. No legroom and the people in front when they recline the seat your stuck with the tray on your diaphragm. I seriously dreaded the flight and the attendants as well. There was a lot of overhead Cabin baggage space where she could open and look but instead just chose to stand where she was and asked me if she could move my bag. Then when another passenger had to get his bag up, she asks my wife if the bag was hers and it was the bag of the passenger behind us. She was like its my bag and leave it there and then the flight attendant got back to us and asked my wife to move her bag and I said no. Why dont you move the other bag instead. She didnt even have the courtesy to look for other bins if it wasnt full. But just stood in her vicinity to put the bag in and get the job done. I dont understand why do these kind of staff even work. Going to TRV via Dubai the men flight attendants were just so rude that they act like they are doing you a favor by getting you a glass of water. They asked if theres anything else like it was a big, huge task for them to get a glass of water. Juicewaterfruits ??
  Flying second time, long waiting in check in with just one counter for business and one for economy classes. Passengers exhausted and it took more than an hr. Service ok, nothing commendable with basic food. Nothing good compared to the fares they charge.
I take Luxair many times and Iam always pleased to fly them. My last flight was on a brand new 737700 on a Rome  Nice  Luxembourg flight. Luxairs new 737700 have one of Europes best economy class! The flight was on time before take off cabin attendants handed over new papers and refreshing towels as well as headsets for the inflight entertainment system unique on short intra European flights! On the 50 min flight we were served a sandwich selection on the 110 h flight from nice to lux a light meal was serves but always with a large selection of drinks! A real 5 star airline.
Flew Nok Air from Phuket to Bangkok. No priority at all. This time I was disapointed. I tried for the first time their premium seats. As from the banner to their web site they offer priority check in, boarding and baggage. In Phuket airport no special counter for premium. No priority boarding at all. Seat was ok with enough leg room. Aircraft as usual dirty outside but clean inside. Nice and gentle staff inflight but its true that they do not smile anymore as once upon a time. Snack improved. Extra coffee or tea as premium. No priority baggage at all. I took my bag last after 40 mins. Nice surprise the WiFi. Recommend? Yes for the leg room in premium seats if to the first row or next to emergency exit and WiFi. No for the rest.
  This is the worst company we have ever used so far. There was a delay of more than 2,5 hours immediately in Tampa, then we lost the plane in Frankfurt that was going to Zagreb. No one wanted to help us in Frankfurt, it took us 2,5 hours to find right shelter to get a new plane tickets and then we have to wait almost 6 hours until the second flight and all this not our fault. There was not enough food on the plane especially drinks. You always had to ask and it took a long time to be served. They charged if someone wanted a blanket because it was cold. I will make sure that I never fly with this company again.
  I am writing to express my utmost satisfaction and appreciation for the exceptional inflight service I recently experienced during my travel with Qatar Airways. I was pleasantly surprised by the level of service and attention to detail provided throughout my journey from Auckland to Doha and back. I received a warm and friendly welcome and their professionalism and commitment to customer satisfaction made my travel experience memorable. I would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to Eric and the rest of the team on the Auckland to Doha leg, as well as to Alexandra and the crew members on the Doha to Auckland leg. They went above and beyond. I must also commend the quality and taste of the special meal that I had ordered.  Qatar Airways attention to dietary preferences and ability to provide a satisfying dining experience is commendable. 
Flew on this airline on the 16th August 2014 POSTAB and TABPOS. At checkin counter at Piarco their main operational hub checkin was 2 hours before flight. I got there 1.5 hours before flight and no one from CAL was at counter so there were long lines of irate passengers. Flight crew very cold and unfriendly. Return flight even though it was touted as new ATR aircrafts was not cleaned and maintained inside and the air conditioning wasnt working.
Surprisingly good service for a budget airline! on this flight from Singapore to Maldives. A lot better than other budget airline where they shut the blinds on you after take off. I like how the air stewards and stewardesses patrol the aisle several times.
KA621 APR 11. Nice service and prompt cabin service. But no movies are available on the flightentertainment system even the flight takes more than 2 hours.
SINRGNSIN. With the JetStar codeshare I actually ended up on a JetStar plane for the outbound leg for less than JetStar was charging  and this cheaper price included a meal drinks including beer and a checked bag! There were MAI FAs alongside the JetStar FAs providing different levels of service and all in all it was an effective and nice flight only about 23 full. On the return it was a fully booked flight operated by MAI. Nonetheless service was just as attentive the food was good enough and the plane was clean and well maintained if a little on the old side. Ground staff boarding and baggage in both SIN and RGN were fantastic all flights on time. I only give them a 9 because of lack of IFE though for a 3 hour flight I may be being picky and do remember you are flying into a country that is still under sanctions. I will definitely take them again.
  I traveled with my son on 9th from Mangalore to Dubai and there is no single entertainment in the flight, morning 9 am flight departure at 5.20 at evening.  In flight entertainment required and also need to increase the luggage from 20 kg to 30 kg.
We made plans to visit Ecuador for May 2016. Unfortunately the earthquake of April 16th destroyed one of our destinations, Manta. It ws too late to make changes and my wife did not feel safe with the possibility of aftershocks and even more earthquakes. Cancelling required much effort. Everyone Delta, Air BB, hotels were happy to refund 100 of our money and they did so quickly. Everyone except TAME of course. After many phone calls, and emails, and me going through a very long process of getting the refund, then agreed to refund us 100. They said it would take up to 20 working days. It has been over 20 working days and still not refund. I called TAME and I guess that the refund department has no phones and all they could do is email them, which of course I have been doing weekly. I get zero returns to my emails. Pathetic customer service beware. If I do get my refund I will follow up on this post, to be completely fair.
  Great and professional cabin service. The free baggage is fantastic. The service at Suvarnabhumi airport checkin counter is not quite good. They do not have enough staff.
  I cant fly to Chicago for two days due to a rescheduled flight. For the first time we got on a plane and everyone just dropped us off and said that you were leaving tomorrow, and the next day they promised a direct flight to Chicago, but again they outplayed everything and changed the flight 34 hours before departure! Now I need to fly with a transfer to Dallas. I paid money for this! Is this an airline or a taxi on call? If you are saving your time, dont fly with this airline.
SkyWest does not honor American ExpressDelta free baggage deals. They are the only carrier in and out of some destinations like West Yellowstone. As a result even if you get your free checked bag from your original departure locationDelta flight you wont get it on the way home. The SkyWest ticket counter employee at West Yellowstone actually thought it was funny. She laughed at me when I complained. This was a Delta flight operated by SkyWest.
 Manchester to Toronto. Not impressed with Air Canada rouge. Twohour delay as problems with fuel. Booked seating going fine, returning didnt book seats. My husband and I couldnt sit together, although a number of people were by themselves and were sleeping using three seats. My husband asked if we could sit in empty seats which meant we could sit together and they refused. The staff on the plane were generally disinterested for the whole sixhour flight, food on the outgoing flight was not too bad, but return flight so, so.
  Horrendous seats on the 787, armrest could not be removed. English skills off the crew is bad. Several instances where i had to ask three or four times to get my ordered drink without success. The only good one, was the one which was assigned originally to my side. Most annoying was that although it was already sunrise over Greenland, they shut all windows down from the galley which  confused my biorhythm it was a dayflight. CheckIn in Haneda took me 40 mins, no fast track security and the Lounge is a zoo. Asked for a shower and was told to register at a counter. I am usually the first to criticize Lufthansa for their business class but in comparison i would choose them.
  I do not recommend this company with incompetent employees who only know how to trick you into taking your money. I checked in with my husband and I was entitled to two checked bags and the lady at the check in said that we can get on the plane with the smaller bag and up at the boarding gate another team from this company is waiting for you to collect the luggage once more, its unbelievable how many thieves there are! The people at the bottom of the checkin prepare the loot for the people at the top who charge you to pay for your luggage twice.
  I had a business trip from Madrid to Riyadh on July 30, 2022. My ticket was on Saudia. After 50 minutes from takeoff, the plane landed in Valencia. The Captain informed us that there was a mild technical difficulty that would be fixed in an hour, after which we would resume the flight. When we landed in Valencia, the Captain and the crew left immediately without providing the passengers with any information. The only persons available were the ground service personnel in Valencia airport, who informed us that they had no details and that the Saudia crew had left. The captain asked Valencia ground staff to let us know that the flight would depart from Madrid the next day, August 31. So we had to find our way to Madrid. It was already 3 am when we got the information. The passengers and I were obliged to spend the night on the floor of Valencia airport with no food or water because all the facilities in the airport close at night. I booked a train ticket for 70 Euros from Valencia to Madrid at 730 am. When I arrived at the airport, I was informed that the flight had been rescheduled for July 31 at 6 pm. I tried to check in at the counter at 2 pm, but the agent told me there was no flight, and she did not know when the flight would leave. After waiting four hours, a message arrived that the flight had been rescheduled to August 1 at 6 pm. This means more than 48 hours of delay. This resulted in my inability to go to my business, I had two bronchial asthma attacks, and I paid a lot for transport. I called Saudia more than ten times, and they never responded. I sent them complaint forms with no response.
  The airline cant even inform you anyway through texts or emails if a flight has been cancelled. Called customer service and when it was something they didnt understand, they automatically transfer you mid sentence while you are talking and then you have to wait 10 20 minutes for a new operator.
. The BA first lounge at Terminal 5 was a zoo at 2pm, dirty tables and used tableware everywhere. Worse than this, the usual atrocious boarding gate service, and boarding started 50 mins late. The flight was operated by a Finnair A320, which is barely low cost standard let alone business class. Hard, thin, uncomfortable seats, poor legroom and the cabin was simply tatty  I remain shocked that BA allow this, and its time for BAs CEO and management focused on standards rather than bean counting. Finnair cabin staff were fundamentally courteous, but they provide a very trimmed down, budget airline type service, as the whole trip turned out to be  and yet this business class ticket was one of the more expensive on recent trips. I thought post Covid that BA were better for a few months, but withthe many cost cuts they are making, they fall well below all other European full service Airlines.
  Bali to Madang via Port Moresby. The domestic side of this airline is an absolute joke! I spent 12 hours in the POM airport yesterday after arriving on the red eye from Bali. There was little to no info given and now I am back at the airport at 4am this morning and have been waiting for an hour with no check in line available yet.
  Hong Kong to Ningbo. Checking in at the counter wasnt the most pleasant thing of this flight, but after that it got much better. Boarding was delayed for half an hour which wasnt a major surprise, most flight departing for China are delayed and 30 minutes is considered little. I was the first to board in the Economy class section, I was greeted with a nice mile and a good evening, they checked my boarding pass and escorted me to my seat they didnt even do that when I was flying business to London, which was a pleasant surprise. After that boarding started getting chaotic, it was loud, people were shouting across the aisles, but the crew seemed handle everything properly, asking the passengers to sit down on their seats and not blocking the aisle. I needed the loo halfway through boarding and it took me about 2 minutes to get from the middle of the plane to the toilets at the end, the crew kindly informed that there isnt any running water from the taps yet and asked if some hand sanitiser and an antiseptic towel would be fine. Takeoff was smooth as any cathay flight is, the meal was fine, ice cream was offered as a dessert option which was surprising for a short 2 hour flight. The Flight attendants did their job smoothly and smiled whenever I asked for something like they genuinely enjoyed their jobs. The seats were what Cathay Pacific, Cathay Dragons partner airline, uses on their longhaul planes and featured very good padding and also a personal AVOD system which was responsive and featured enough selections to keep me entertained for this flight.
LCY to Antwerp again. This time my booking had been transferred to Air France system and my eticket details had been incorrectly coded as a paper ticket. Unable to check in online so joined another long queue. Had to go to ticket desk where agent blanked me took a phone call and then started talking in French. The convenience of the flight is good but the staff are buffoons who really need urgent retraining.
 We had flown in from Dubai to Nairobi on Business class and it was good. Hence on our way back I decided to upgrade and fly business class, expecting the same. It was the biggest mistake in my life. The so called business class was just close to the premium economy of most other airlines. Seats had some push back and thats it. The leg extender was stuck and wont extend. Cabin crew said they were helpless  they didnt even try to see if it can be worked. I had to spend the entire flight sitting upright cos without the leg extender to support, I was slipping down if I reclined the seat. Horrible experience and to top it all there event wasnt a TV on the 5 hour 20 minute flight. Cabin crew said that this aircraft only has so much facility and they were looking at each other and smiling when they heard that I actually upgraded to business class. I would like to know how I can claim a refund. Where and how can I escalate this matter to. I sent a dm on Twitter to the airline which they havent responded. Such daylight robbery must not be permitted. This isnt the upgrade we pay for. I am going to share my horrible experience on all social media channels. Interestingly I have not received any survey about my flight experience, which they promptly send. Never flying Kenya Airways again.
Sydney  Santiago via Auckland on 7879. Above average flight with an average meal, very good crew and reasonable IFE selection. However, the 9 abreast in economy is too tight. The seats are too narrow and the aisles are tiny. The meal trolley only just fits through. The tray table is also very small. On the return leg, a passenger fell ill immediately after takeoff. The crew managed this very well. About 2 hours into the flight, it was determined that wed have to return to SCL. The airline put us into hotels. As a transit passenger through SCL, the airline arranged to pay our reciprocity fee US$100 to enter into Chile. This was a long process over 1 hour but at least they paid for it. The airline wasnt able to arrange a single large bus to take us to the hotel at the last minute and so there was another long process about 1.5 hours of getting all of us into separate mini buses. The hotel was excellent and included free food. Back to the airport, this time in a big coach and a very long checkin process. Our bags were checked through to SYD, and we were advised wed been put onto a Qantas flight from AKL to SYD. The flight was again reasonable  good crew, OK food definitely not up to Emirates standards and bathrooms kept clean. Due to our delayed arrival into AKL, we had to overnight there, and again LAN had arranged a hotel, meal and bus transfer for us. Overall, LAN managed this stressful situation which was out of their control quite well, ensuring we had a place to rest and food to eat and made sure we all got to our final destinations. My lower marks are for the standard and quantity of the food and the cramped seating that almost all operators of the 787 have adopted.
  This was the first time Ive flown since the pandemic hit and both flights were excellent comfortable seating, good service all around, no delays. Ive always enjoyed First Class in the CRJ900s and these flights were no exception. Yes, they were both under an hour, but who wants to be miserable for even that long? I felt relaxed and at ease coming and going.
 BR211 TPEBKK on 0428, third leg of SE Asia trip with Hubby. EVA uses a 77W for this trip, the same metal we were on just a few hours ago from LAX. Boarding was done by group and they announced the group names clearly and where we can line up so it was quite organized. The flight attendants were again very polite and helpful but efficient in helping people with their luggage and seating. Service was very good, quick and friendly done by cheerful cabin crew. The captain made announcements at the beginning of the trip and information on Bangkok airport condition just before our descent. We landed just slightly ahead of plan. It was a very good trip.
  The staff are very rude and I dont understand being new airline why this people dont hire such good trained people. No welcome and such bad behaviour. Even for amount more weight they charge like anything even if you dont have hand bags. In comparison to IndiG0 or Vistara or go first they have to improve a lot to reach to their level. Very disappointed with this airline.
 We had a flight from Dubai to London Heathrow with a 2hour transit in Baku. Due to the over 7hour delay from Azerbaijan Airlines in providing the flight to Baku, we missed our next flight which was from Baku to London, and their next available flight from Baku to London was in two days.  After 30 minutes of the departure time, the Dubai Airport staff at the boarding gate informed us that there is a delay but they do not know how long the delay would take and so we should purchase another ticket at the airport. As the next flight from Baku to London was in two days, we had to purchase another super expensive ticket at the airport just to arrive at our destination to be at our work on time. Now, not only they do not refund our first tickets which they could not provide the services for, but they also do not refund the full cost of the new tickets. 
  Not a pleasant experience, starting from boarding to inflight. Boarding was chaotic, no social distancing. Food served to me was the same as economy class,  probably they have shortage of meal so served me the one for economy class. After boarding no one ask or provide water, only after take off.
  This airline is such a scam! They charge for carry on luggage and the check I fee is far more than other airlines. They charged me $85 to check in my average, low weight luggage than AFTER I pay the agreed amount, I got an email receipt for much higher than the bill. They added on a $35.00 AIRPORT IMPROVEMENT fee with out my approval or consent. There was ZERO service on the flight, not even water because they claim the wifi was down. They dont even have seat pockets to hold your belongings. Ive been on hundreds of flights and this experience was by far the WORST! What a farce of an airline.
  Hong Kong to Incheon. I have been a loyal Diamond member of Asiana Airlines for many years. I believe Asianas strategy was to sell front and exit row to compete with rising LLCs. This time, I travelled with my wife and my 9 month old daughter. The 3 of us are already registered as family members. When we arrived at Hong Kong airport counter, the ground staff gave us the middle row about 67 rows from the front. I asked if we could get the front row with bassinet seat, but the staff says the seats are for sale, and the staff was kind enough to share that no one paid extra to get the front row and unless I pay extra for it, the plane will fly with the front row empty.  As the staff said, the plane took off with the front row empty. We asked the flight crews if we could move to the front row, but they said they couldnt help due to the internal policy. When I landed, I called the customer service asking to speak to the person in charge. Apparently, there is no channel to speak to the responsible person directly. I can only fill in the Customers Voice page on the website  which I have done a few times prior to this incident, but emails that seem autogenerated were returned to my inbox. Asiana seems intentional with shutting down communication channels with the customers as they know there will be frequent complaints from loyalty customers as they lowered their service quality.
  From the moment we purchased tickets, we had the most shockingly bad customer service. Be aware you can do nothing online, including book or change seats and must call Customer Service for everything. They do not respond to emails, customer service is outsourced to overseas Indian or Eastern European countries where some do not speak English well enough to answer your query. They always say you have to email but you never receive a response this after 24 emails over 3 mths and no responses. We flew business and they ran out of food. They offered economy meals. Flight attendants clearly did not like their jobs. The food when you did manage to get any was horrible and it was next to impossible to get a second drink, even water. Finally, we arrived in SFO to hear my husbands name called  they put my bag on the flight from Dublin but not his. We were leaving and checked through from Paris. They promised it would arrive next day, next flight. 10 days later it is still listed as tracking and in Dublin. We phoned several times to be told it was still in Dublin as far as they could see. We went several times to the airport and checked Lost Luggage also finally went a 3rd day to see the same flight coming in and found a helpful man on security who phoned around. He left to go to an office and came out with our bag. Fully tagged. It is still listed as being tracked. We have contacted Aer Lingus to advise this but still listed as being in Dublin. . This has been one of the most horrible airlines we have ever flown.
I have just arrived back in the UK after the journey from hell the April 02 flight 72 hours from Bangkok to Gatwick. After being stranded in Sharjah UAE for 60 hours and an almost total lack of communication from Phuket Air I can do nothing other than urge anyone who is planning on taking a flight to cancel their tickets immediately and find someoneanyone other than these clowns to travel with.
Delays are pathogenic to Olympic Air. ATHTIA left with 25 minutes delay. The plane was a Q400 new but uncomfortable and noisy  had a window seat which was not reclining and there was no window shutter. Newspapers were not offered lunch was not offered on a tray but a plastic box with sandwich and a confection. After drinks  coffee they gave us box with cookies. Return with A319 change of equipment was probably because there was still a problem of delays. The aircraft did not have a business class area. We were offered newspapers in the old way manner left on the galley to be picked up but this time food offered on a tray  tasteless and indifferent. I could not complain but the service was not remarkable. The hostesses were all girls there is clearly a problem with men stewards friendly and more than helpful.
 The lines to this plane at SFO were unreasonable. Not smooth. THEN, on the return flight, the plane acted like a Ford on the runway. That is, it broke down. Now things are up in the air. Southwest may not offer direct flights, but their planes do get off the ground
  Unfortunately chose to make a reservation on Serene for DXBLHEDXB dated June 11th for return trip to cherish moments on Eid in town, But, Serene expert side of the things made it worse experience to explore. Payment was successfully charged from my card but airline booking status cant be changed from reservation to issued ticket due to technical error on the part of Serene Air. Initially blame game started by call center that check your bank, later after useless week airline accepted that payment has been claimed by us but we cant validate your respective booking as confirmed. Airlines Dubai office promised that they would refund my payment in cash in two days time, but till now as of June 21st there is nothing. Almost two weeks and Im still waiting for my refund. 
As a professional and frequent traveler on other airlines I had tried Insel Air and was choked by the poor service and treatment given to passengers on flight from Miami to Haiti on June 19 2012. An apology would be in order. Also all announcements are made in English there should be at least one Haitian hostess speaking both French and Creole. Hostesses on board were inexperienced. If Insel is not ready to service this line they should withdraw themselves until able to do so respectfully. Plane leaves full every time meaning that this route is profitable to the company. Hope my next review will be more positive.
  Business class in a recently refitted plane provides no inflight entertainment system, no plugs to recharge phone or tablet. We were not provided with a blanket or even a small pillow contrary to what I had read before booking and the plane was cool enough that I had to use my down jacket as a wrap. Water was provided once in a small paper cup with no offers of a refresh. Copa entertainment app which I had downloaded not available on my screenless flight. The meal was yuck and only choice left for me by the time the flight attendant worked her way back to row 4 was beef. No veg or kosher options. My meal was identical to the one my friends had in economy. Seat 4E barely reclined So I am not sure what my business bump up actually accomplished. Would never pay for business on Copa again what they say you will be treated to and what you actually get bear scant resemblance to each other. Icing on the cake when we arrived in Montreal near midnight we were told we would need to wait 45 minutes for our luggage. No explanation provided.
  I have read mixed reviews of this flight. But it was an excellent flight with top notch service.  It was a proper three course meal. The food was 5 star level. I cannot say about Veg food, because I eat non veg and they gave us food three times. With regards to drinks, it was pretty decent with good brands. The TV was working properly, but I usually see the maps and do some work or read books. Towards the end of flight, the supervisor came and asked each passenger about their experience. On my return flight, it was the same experience, but some TVs were not working, but since the flight was empty, they adjusted the passengers in different seats if needed.  The team of Monica and Hiren were good. The flight from NYC to Mumbai had better food then from Mumbai to NYC. Both the flights were on time.  I understand that because of 232 seating, there was privacy issue. 
  No advance facility of seat reservation and meal selection. Seat selection is one of the essential features that ease out the travel. Flight is delayed by 3 hrs. In flight crew attitude with passengers is shockingly bad. Not likely to travel again on such airline.
 Our first flight got delayed so much we couldnt make our second flight. We got stuck in Auckland and told to arrange our own accommodation, transport and food. This was because they didnt have the capacity to arrange accommodation for us. We were told in an email we would be reimbursed in 68 weeks. 8 weeks later, still no reimbursement. Getting a hotel near the airport was not a small amount of money for us.
 Had a wonderful experience flying with Air India business class flight to Cochin. The crew were extremely welcoming. Service was to the best standard and we reached cochin earlier than the arrival time. I felt I should take time out to thank the lovely ladies Jeneeta and Aanchal who made the flying experience comfortable. Aanchal helped me with the breakfast, her presentation and confidence was worth a praise. Jeneeta Apologies if the name is misspelled, was caring and helped with patiently with my charging issue. Overall Im highly impressed with my flying experience with Air India and also booked my return tickers to Sydney with them.
 Cape Town to Windhoek. Overall it was a very pleasant flight experience. The staff at the checkin counter were very helpful to change us to our desired seats because we had to checkin at the webpage of another airline codeshare. The seats were comfortable with an average seatpitch. On board were three options of meal Chicken, Beef and Fish. We had forgotten to order a vegetarian meal. But the staff prepared us a vegetarian mean from the sides of the other meals. In generall al staff of Air Namibia, with whom we were in contact were very friendly and helpful.
Checked in by friendly and helpful girl at LeedsBradford. Straight through Fastrack. Eleven passengers in Jetstream so plenty of room. Flight attendant was friendly and welcoming. Drinkssnacks. Chatty captain. Landing at Southampton bng on time. Despite the extra cost probably less if I didnt have to book the day before because of family bereavement I will choose them if possible next time I fly. Before this flight I had never heard of them !
 Of 4 airlines that I booked for my wife and myself to LAX from MNL, Cathay Pacific was the only not to cancel our outbound flight. Little did I know what nightmares were coming. We were scheduled to return on different dates. First, CX canceled the HKGMNL leg of my wifes flight and didnt offer any alternatives. They were content to strand her in HKG. When I called, they offered the same itinerary that my wife already had on a different date. But they wanted an upcharge of over $1,000. They finally booked on an itinerary with a 12 hour transit in HKG. No apologies, no compensation, nothing. My wife had to accept as she had to be in MNL for a work deadline. Days after, I received an email that my return flight was changed. Upon closer examination, I realized that CX stuck me with a 24.5 hour layover in HKG. Their attitude was that I accepted the change. I did not. They made the change, not me. I found out that under HK law, Im not even allowed to have a transit that long! Not sure what CX was planning to do with me after I was denied transit in HKG. When I called, I was offered my previous itinerary on a different date but with a $2200 upcharge. I ended up having to cancel my return flight and book with a different airline. The refund, which I have not received is only 10 of my original fare after penalties. CX used to be a great airline. I will never choose it again. Ive never been the victim of an airline extortion attempt before.
 This was an extremely pleasant flight. Boarding in Doha was very efficient but I didnt like that they let Economy board first and at some point asked all the Business customers to go to another counter which caused a bit of a confusion. The plane was equipped with QRs QSuite which was a great experience. Service was very friendly, efficient and attentive. There was a lovely glas of champagne or of something else as a welcome drink. The purser welcomed every customer in the QSuite section with their name and a quick informal chat which I found very pleasant because this practice seems to have been abandoned by a lot of other airlines. Then, the stewardess took our food and drinks orders and asked us when we would like to eat. She also explained the features of the QSuite seat. Food was tasty and of high quality. Everybody received an amenity kit Dyptique and pajamas. As this was an overnight flight, we soon settled in and I had a very good sleep in comfortable bedding. On arrival, our stewardess woke us and breakfast was served. Deboarding was organized and easy, starting with the premium guests. Altogether, this was a fantastic experience and I cant wait for the next flight with them.
Flight to Curacao in economy class. I never had such a bad flight with unfriendly staff. The one free meal was bad for the rest you have to pay. Seat was very narrow. For menever again with Arkefly.
As a regular flyer to Yangon airport I cant understand the 3 star rating for the business lounge facilities. If any food is available that day it is of very poor quality  and should you require a drink theres only a very limited selection of non alcoholic beverages. There are no separate business lounge toilet facilities  and the hostess is usually far too busy talking on the phone to be bothered with any form of customer care.
  Singapore to Jakarta. Obviously this 5 years old aircraft has seen a better days. First step into this aircraft, the cabin smells. Sit at 34A, but someone sat there before I get there, approached the Crew member, he is happy to switch another back window row for me and also alert the passenger that sat at my seat. Crew service on this flight is good, smile and pleasant. But the aircraft should retired. The seat is dirty and hard. The front pocket is wrecked and the tray table sticker should be removed ages ago! The seat pitch is very tight, my leg was uncomfortable when touching the back of the front seat, Im just 5ft8. No IFE or inflight magazine. No meal served, although they have cart service, just a choice of two, a bottle of over charged water and a red bean paste bun. Flight was delay for 15 min. No information about the delay, mid flight and before landing information form pilot. Flying blind mainly. Rough touch down, aircraft part at remote bay and pax transfer to terminal by over crowded bus. No proper sequence for the disembarked hence everyone rushing to get a better seat or stand on the shuttle bus. Overall, not pleased with the airline. I didnt want to use the aircraft lavatory, because before I even open the door, I can smell the strong fragrance of urine behind the close door and when I open it after, the floor and the toilet was wet n sticky.
Recently travelled to LPA  booked and paid 46Euro for emergency exit seats for the leg room got the seats ok but they have no extra leg room  standard seats. On the way back they decided to land in Tenerife and pick up more passengers so 4 hours became 6! Watch out when booking  you pay for anything and everything  so much so that the only people who get coffee are those that have paid for breakfast. When I asked if I could buy a coffee was told No!
I was informed that my flight from Boston to Rockland was cancelled no reason given no flight available for the next day. No compensation offered. No other transportation home was available at that hour. I was assisted in my wheelchair by a Logan airport employee to the ground transportation areas after getting my bags and waited for a hotel shuttle. The cheapest hotel available cost me $188 plus food for that evening and the next morning. Next morning I took the shuttle back to the airport so I could pay $46 to ride the bus to Rockland. Had this flight been cancelled in Rockland and I could not connect my flight in Boston I would have been out several hundreds of dollars and United will not give refunds. A last minute cancellation by Cape Air means a no call no show at United or whatever airline one might be flying with. Very costly trip. They tried to tell me they would help me out if that happened. It did happen from Boston to Rockland just their ticket cost and would do nothing for me.
I flew BKKTNRBKK in business class in May 2015. Overall the 8 hr flight is good and ontime a bit earlier than scheduled. On TNRBKK the flight stopped in Bangkok before going to Guangzhou. A340 was used on this route. Staff are very nice the facilities on board like toilet entertainment and food and beverages could be compared to business class on other airlines. Inflight entertainment  no flying map no music no movie.
 French Bee flight staff were not helpful and interrupted an overnight flight with announcements multiple times an hour and kept bright cabin lights on. They boarded and took off an hour late even though no delay was announced. There was no organization to boarding. Flying from Paris to EWR, French Bee didnt give the option to do mobile check in, and the kiosks wouldnt allow check in even though it was more than 90 min before boarding. The check in desks closed and the staff were unwilling to help. The woman explaining to me was smirking at me the entire time like it was funny. I went to the desk to transfer to another flight and they were going to charge a ticket difference of €360 per person. I went online to see the tickets for the next day, and they were €360. My original tickets were that much. The people at the transfer desk were rude and unwilling to actually help. One lady was speaking English to a customer solely, then said I dont speak English. Management there is horrible.
  Very happy with Akasa Air services. This is the 2nd time Ive flown from Agartala to Guwahati and vice versa and was happy to note that both ground and onboard staff were helpful, courteous and well trained and maintained their standards. They had ontime departure and the aircraft was clean and seemed new. I would fly it again.
Tashkent to Nukus domestic  was scared to board the old TU 154. Seemed to be patched up on the outside no one seems to acknowledge seat allocation and I think I caused an onboard fight by making this woman move from my seat who yelled at me and then the woman in her seat who took it out on the person in her seat and so on. But they did move. Wasnt that cheap considering the plane we were in. Couldnt relax until we arrived. Had some peanuts and flavoured water served to us. Seats folded down forwards when we got off the plane. Security guards in the baggage collection area checking our tickets when we collected our bags. Still it beats the 14 hours train ride when youre on a tight schedule.
 Every single time I have flown with this airline my flight has been pushed back by hours the week before. Sometimes multiple times the week before. And every single time it has been pushed back by hours once again two hours before the flight. It never fails, I always end up buying a ticket to have a day or at least half a day to spend with my family and lose that entire first day. Dont save the money, spend more for a better airline. You will not get refunds for canceled tickets only travel points so if you buy a ticket and dont like the drastic change you cant fix it anyway. I kept trying this airline because it is a direct flight and saves two hours or so from connecting, might as well go with that anyway because the flight changes are so drastic youll lose more hours trying to fly direct than the longer flights anyway.
  Our flight was booked to fly in December 21st but Seychelles was closed to visitors from South Africa due to COVID. We never flew. Since then I have been asking for either a refund or travel voucher as we are expecting to rebook for December 22. But after several emails and requests Air Seychelles do not respond. What is one supposed to do to get what we paid for?
Flew to Buenos Aires from Sydney in early January and back in late January. The flight from Sydney started with one hour delay and arrived before scheduled time due to fortunate conditions. Inflight entertainment was on a central screen 2 movies ok. The food was not great but reasonable for economy. I had to change my flight by 2 days going back Aerolineas made that very expensive for me. The return flight was very poorly organised. Check in was extremely slow with unnecessary delays. Subsequently the take off was delayed 2.5 hours without explanation. The flight itself was uneventful with the aircraft arriving 3.5 hours late. Movies on board were the same as on the flight to BA and were repeated. Meals were minimal. No drinks were offered in between meals.
Insel Air flight from Miami to Manaus via Curacao started boarding 20 min late. The airplane was not the newest or most hightech and it was hard to hear the staff announcements because the sound equipment makes a lot of noise. However, for the amount that I paid for the ticket the staff was very helpful. The service during the flight was excellent, with complimentary food which is rare for a 4hours flight, candy and beverages they stopped at my seat twice. If you are taking the flight from Miami to CentralSouth America, I suggest you fly during the day. My flight was in the afternoon and I had the experience of seeing the Miami Coast as well a lot of the Caribbean Islands. The companys magazine is made to take home. Beautiful pictures, nice articles in Spanish and in English, and a lot of useful travel tips. The seats are old style, therefore your body will never be squeezed between your seat and the seat in front of you  plenty of space to relax. They also had an onboard raffle.
 Hong Kong to Almaty with Air Astana was amazing. Business class has extremely comfortable beds with your choice of a regular blanket or a lovely plush duvet. Food is terrific with at least four choices for the main course, lovely appetizers and soup. The flight attendants and crews cannot do enough to make you at home. The magazine and media selection is wonderful. Traveling with my eightyearold daughter was especially nice. Air Astana has an amazing National Geographic branded childrens kit which was a huge hit!
LAN Peru LIMLAX economy flight filled to capacity FAs friendly and competent 767 new with the standard LAN seatback VOD. Uusually for a Boeing standard size carryon luggage now actually fits in the overhead compartments. 767 noisy as usual but reasonably comfortable flight apart from the 767 seats which have no footrest and dont recline very much good food and drinks service. Booked as part of a flight from SJC to SCL the LAN booking system seems to work better now and was cheaper than booking through AAs system.
We were fortunate to be able to take advantage of the Summer offer to New York and back, £800 each. On the day of flying I checked with BA, their admittedly fully flexible Economy seat was £1,200. Check in at Luton was simple and very friendly, the newly refurbished Aspire lounge is good. Welcomed on board by a very smart crew, only 30 of the 74 seats taken. The seats are, well, oldish style Business class, only angle flat  La Compagnie advertising please note. The food was very good on the return, overnight flight, a simple light supper was served, which was perfect  other airlines please note. The entertainment was limited, but not bad for just a 7 hour flight. We had problems outbound with seats not reclining properly, inbound was, I think, a newer refurbishment, and the seats were fine. OK, its not Emirates or Singapore, but neither are the prices and its certainly far better than Economy or that con perpetrated by other airlines, Premium Economy. I just hope that La Compagnie can do the business, I remember that the other Luton based business airlines, Silverjet and EOS, didnt make it. La Compagnie deserves to  its a good product and for us was a great and inexpensive way to start a holiday in great comfort.
  Philadelphia to Cincinnati. American Airlines does not respect peoples time! Or I think they dont know the importance of time. Ok to be on point I know they always do delays but they hide it until last moment!  I think AA needs some training. Please AA improve your service and taste of cookies served on plane. Crew members are rude and so is customer assistance. 
I often fly DiliDenpasar. In comparison to Merpati the big thing is that they have newer more comfortable aircrafts. Otherwise they seem the same as Merpati frequent delays allow a lot of time if youre connecting through Bali poor ground staff and coordination ok inflight service and meals.
 Crew in the airport were not helpful at all, I arrived to the airport 1h before my flight on 1052023 because of an emergency, but the Aer Lingus boarding staff in Dublin airport terminal 2 didnt understand or try to help even though I had no bag to check in, basically all I had to do is to head directly to the plane, but he didnt want that to happen. I had to pay 300GBP extra to buy a new ticket and the new flight got delayed. Cabin crew and boarding team are not professional at all, rude and not helpful. Not recommend at all and you cant compare them with any other respected air lines like Emirates or Qatar.
Just flew TR2465 Sep 20 2014 9VTAN KUL gate L3   SIN E23 18.3619.23. Excellent service seat not comfortable but since a short 47 mins flight it satisfied.
  Terrible experience. I wanted to change my flight a few days before my original date and they tried to refund me only the taxes which is around 2000 dinars 18euros, and not a dinar more of my original ticket. They didnt want to offer me to pay more for another date, which I specifically wanted to do and I know is possible because I have done it in the past. So instead of paying the difference between two tickets my original and new date, that difference is around 4000 dinars, they wanted to charge me another 18000 dinars for the new ticket and only refund 2000 dinars from the previous one. Again, I didnt do the checkin for the first flight yet, I didnt confirm it, Never flying with them ever again.
Flew from Santiago de Chile to Easter Island and back and from Santiago to Frankfurt, Germany in Business Class on Boeing 767 and Boeing 787. On all of the flights, announcements in the boarding area were in Spanish only, even at an International flight. Inflight reading material Newspapers, Magazines as well only in Spanish. Flight to Easter Island was very poor service, for almost 6 hours flight  1 Omelette and that not of any decent quality. No additional offers of anything. Cabin crew enjoyed apparently their free time. On return flight and the intercontinental flight, service was good.
  Flew from Palermo to Munich, connecting through Rome. My bag never made it, although my husbands bag and daughters travel cot arrived. Was told to contact Aerogate, not ITA, to lodge the missing bag claim. Along with 4  5 others on my flight. 24  48 hours passed, no contact from ITA, rang them and they referred me to world tracer link. Which had zero updates on information on the location of my bag. I was told to wait another 24 hours, its likely they would update it. 4 days later, I leave Munich for Australia. No bag, no word from ITA, no update. When I ring from Australia, after 8 days of missing my bag, they say again, check the World Tracer link. When I explain its been a week, they tell me to email them about my missing suitcase. I dont understand why no one from ITA will talk to me, and give me some information on the process. So far, its been nothing. Ive sadly had to lodge with my insurer, as ITA have given me no response. and Nothing meaningful in regards to my bag and where it is.
  I had a wonderful experience, I flew with husband and two kids, flight left on time both directions. I am grateful beyond words for an affordable airline that we are able to rely on to fly my family back and forth to visit a family member battling Cancer
  My honeymoon flights from Johannesburg to Zanzibar was cancelled 2 weeks before the planned flight, with no warning. I got an sms saying that my flights were cancelled and that they have been moved to different dates, 5 days after my initial flight plan. Obviously this is completely unacceptable for a flight to a honeymoon destination. You cannot change your wedding date and cannot change expensive resorts bookings which was made months in advance. My whole honeymoon length and location was based around this low cost flight and I will never make the mistake again to use Fastjet. I had to buy new flights on another airline for a very large amount, and also depart on a date and time which is not preferred, but the only flights available. I have not received any money back for extra costs incurred from FastJet. Only a refund for the flight which is very cheap so worthless. Any proper airline has to compensate you for extra cost incurred due to situations which is completely their fault. This is their response We understand that because of the delay there was a negative cost implication on yourself however since delays are possibilities which we advise you of preflight, we do not offer compensation or guarantee reimbursements I did not even have a delay, my flight was cancelled. They could not even respond personally, just this mass generated email. I advise all other people to avoid Fastjet completely.
  Travelled from Punta Cana to Frankfurt in economy. Boarded over an hour late. To say you were packed in like animals is no exaggeration the leg room is simply non existent. I would go are far as to say its only fit for a small child. I cannot see how its actually legal for a 9hr flight. The cabin temp for the whole flight was like a furnace and turned the water I brought on lukewarm! There are no air vents above your head try to cool down! The toilet door lock was broken and fixtures inside toilet broken with wires hanging out. This was a night flight with dozens of people standing in the smallest of aisles because nobody could get comfy and were sweating because of the heat. Could not buy water and were supplied with a mouthful of warm water 3 times during 9hrs. Rude staff with no safety briefing before take off! Disgusting airline and should not be allowed to travel long haul. Please if you can avoid do so.
Seattle to Edmonton 121413 returning 121813. Bombardier Q 400 plane small but with comfortable seating even for a sixfooter as I am. Great cabin crew and nice free drinks. An inflight snack might have been nice but overall a pleasant experience.
  Breeze makes Spirit first class. This was the most generic, torture trip I have ever experienced. If my client hadnt booked I would have been off the plane before it took off. Bare bones is putting it nicely. Employees were unknowledgeable, no one could answer why we were weather delayed after loading despite the weather being clear across the country. Not worth the cheap price if they cant get you there on time, lie about it and you have no WiFi or entertainment in an uncomfortable seat.
  If you ever have to cancel your flight, they will conveniently lose your travel funds and youll never see them again. I spent countless hours sending them the proof that they owed me travel funds and they just said that they couldnt find them and that it was the customers responsibility to keep track. What a joke I sent everything that they had sent me. how can I give them travel funds numbers to research whats owed to me if they never gave them to me in the first place. Customer service is inadequate and in accurate and they do not care if you are owed. If they say they cannot locate your travel funds on their end it, then you lose. I will never ever fly Avelo Airlines again, and if I am asked by anyone in my area, how I like them, I will always tell them the full story.
Singapore to Tioman and from Tioman to Kuala Lumpur. I have never seen aircraft in such bad shape ever Dash 7s which should have been turned into nails and screws a long time ago! Visible structural damage on body and engine mount. The outer shell of the aircraft was no longer aligned with the cabin hence the outer structure covered parts of the windows some seemed loose even Inside dirty and completely run down.
Basically, dont fly within Cuba with Cubana Airlines. You may never get there. I dont think Cubana Airlines has enough planes to fulfill their daily scheduled flights, so they just cancel willynilly. It took 25 hours to get from Baracoa to Havana. The airport staff gave little or no information, and eventually just lied about the flight. After waiting seven hours, we learned the flight had been cancelled, and we would be transferred by bus to Santago de Cuba. We waited another three hours, took a five hour nonstop bus ride, and waited an additional five hours for a flight. We were put at the tail end of a flight from Madrid, which was continuing to Havana. Once at Havana, we waited over an hour to deplane. There was one bus, which had to shuttle back and forth from plane to terminal. Waited another hour for the luggage.
Busan to Jeju. Flight attendants great and tried to have a little fun with the passengers. On the way they served drinks waterjuicecoffee and a fortune cookie. They also had some kind of draw for a few different gift certificates. Airplane very new and in excellent condition. Seats were quite close together so my legs were almost pressed against the seat in front of me even though it wasnt reclined if youre tall it might be irritatingly tight. Overall though a pretty good airline and I will fly with them again.
  Cape Town to London via Johannesburg. I will start with a few positives about the experience The staff are personable and the meal service is conducted quickly to allow the maximum sleep time on the JNBLHR route. Access is provided to an arrivals lounge, which is essential as the airlines serves only powdered coffee. Now for the many negatives, these relate primarily to the seat and to the airlines schedule instability. The aircraft was the advertised A330200. These are widely marketed as lieflats by the airline and independent websites, however they are angled at about 170 deg and uncomfortable for sleeping. SAA is rare in having a different Business Class seating product on each longhaul aircraft type and also unusual to go from the extremely comfortable and 2metre long long lieflats on the A340600 back to an angled version. The schedule is unstable. I was booked on SA354 at 17.05. SAA did not inform either my travel agent or me of the change in flight plans, it was only by chance that I had wifi access and attempted an online checkin to notice we had been rebooked on SA346 at 15.00. This flight operates 2 hours earlier than our original booking. For much of our trip we were in the bush and off grid so would have missed the flight if we had been coming from elsewhere. This lack of communication of a significant flight change is terrible, as we would have missed the flight had we turned up for a 17.05 departure. On checkin it became apparent that the SA352 at 16.05 was cancelled and passengers being moved from SA352 to SA354. However, a 5hour wait at JNB was not expected or particularly welcome and no attempt was made to move us to the earlier SA234 from JNB to LHR. Staff professionalism  staff chatted in the galleys throughout the night on both LHR flights, which disrupted sleep despite ear plugs. Furthermore, my request if a snack might be available before the breakfast service commenced, only to be told there are no snacks on board. Other airlines on similar flight lengths would at the very least be able to offer a pack of nuts or crackers.
Regular on HAMBHX which is Germanwings operated by Eurowings Bombardier CRJ 900 jets. Flight has never been delayed by more than 20mins 30 flights and staff are friendly. I was able to get some very cheap tickets for this route so I cannot complain. My only gripe is the bus boarding and deboarding at HAM. FlyBE connects to an airbridge both at BHX and HAM which is much preferable.
 Flight in time, plane arrived sooner then expected, boarding was fast, flight attendants even as it was a not full flight told people before take off that could use vacant rows. Was a good flight experience.
 Prague to Tbilisi. Planned departure in Prague 09.50. After 14 hours and no information, it started shortly before midnight. Since Georgian Airways does not have a representative in Prague, CSA takes over, who tried hard but did not know anymore. Overall, there was not a single official statement. Emails remained unanswered, no telephone contact, our hotel in Tbilisi was able to help us at least with vague information. Then the info, last attempt to upload an update to the computer system. Replacement of the aircraft impossible. The company has only 8 aircraft. Next flight, two days later. In the meantime, the mood if the passengers went down, armed police officers were already gathering at the gate! Then departure, hoping that the technicians will do a better job than the airline. Flight okay. The crew as annoyed as the passengers. No apology or explanation. Notes on passenger rights were distributed at the airport. We have tried to perceive this and claim reimbursement according to European guidelines. One answer by mail 3 weeks later. It has been said that decisions are always made in a commission in the third week of the month but since then absolute silence. Our flight was on September 30th, 2019. Obviously nobody at Georgian Airways has understood that good complaint management also means customer satisfaction. We will definitely visit this great country again, but the airline will definitely not be Georgian Airways.
 Very excellent cabin crew flight on time seats were comfortable. Food was good had gluten free chips which I was impressed about. WiFi was ok. Ground service was ok because the line to checkin was really long and they almost made us miss our flight but we went into a different line to prevent that.
 This is such a convenient flight from Chiang Mai to Hua Hin, as it eliminates the  3.5hour transfer from Bangkok to Hua Hin or  3hour transfer to Cha Am. Pity, its only 23 times a week, usually on Wednesdays and Sundays. The aircraft, staff and service are what you would expect from any AirAsia flight. Efficient and costeffective. No frills to the extreme  but worth every penny.
Germanwings operations have now been transferred to and taken over by Eurowings. You can read their reviews here   Eurowings Customer Reviews
  Internet is bad news due to this coronavirus. Interjet will not let us change our date for next year even though we are consumers who paid for this. Do not fly Interjet, you call the 8662859525 number and no one speaks English. This is frustrating.
  Cape Town to Durban with Comair  British Airways. Check in process is pathetically slow. Long queues and no process to call passengers for earlier flights. Entitled passengers who jump queues because they are more important than you. Arrived Over an hour early and waited over half an hour before being checked in. Electronic checkin at the airport did not work either. Online check in is archaic. Does not even have a link to Stocard on iPhones. Being a foreigner its no use sending to my mobile number as Im not on roaming. Past that the security process took another 15 minutes which made us literally run to the gate. Not a pleasant process. Learn something from overseas airlines on how to get passengers through an airport. Its not like the airport is even remotely busy!
I have flown with SAA before and with TAAG. The flights on TAAG have not been to bad I unfortunately do not understand or speak Portuguese and this I find a problem. With regards to the service I cannot complain. I have a complaint about the airport personnel at Luanda. They are rude pass comments on all foreign clients and give us a hard time in general. Should you have any dollars with you they confiscate them and tell you that you cannot keep the money with you. This I have a problem with. If you cannot keep your dollars on you how are you supposed to buy any cold drink or food while you wait for the flight? This is not complimentary from TAAG. The airport is dirty to boot. Today I am struggling with my ticket back to JNB and will most certainly not make use of TAAG again. I will use SAA in future as I can depend on them.
  We purchased our tickets over 4 months in advance for four of us to fly from Budapest to Bologna. One month later Wizz Air cancelled. Try as we might, we cannot get a refund, despite assurances from the airline. Sadly, all they have done is lie to us. I would never recommend this airline. Over 10 months later we have had no success in recovering the US$400 spent. We flew Ryanair instead and they have never let us down.
  When lockdowns started because of corona in March 2020 in South America, I was stuck in Peru. After 30 days of waiting for rescue flight back to Europe, finally I was able to go home. Rescue flight was operated by British Airways and they flew from Lima to London. Since I cant enter UK without visa, I had to buy ticket out of London asap as I land. There were no flights on the same day, but there was a flight on the next one operating by Bulgaria Air from London to Sofia. I purchased that ticket. I was about to wait 24 hours at the airport and I was fine with it. Meanwhile, Bulgaria Air canceled that flight and rescheduled for the next day. That was not fine for me as I cant spend 2 days at the airport waiting for the flight. I purchased another, more expensive flight through different city and went back home. Its almost a year and Bulgaria Air still didnt refund me my money. I tried to explain them that since they didnt operate the flight I purchased ticket for, they have no rights to keep my money. They give me some lame explanations that it takes them longer time to return money or that I can reschedule that ticket for another flight. Which one, I am asking, when whole Europe is locked at the moment. I dont want to travel, I just want my 200 euros back.
  Worst flight ever. The staff was rude. They canceled our tickets when we were traveling back home from Ahmedabad to New York without giving us any updates or email and we came to know when we stood in the line for the bags check in for literally 3 hours. They didnt let us board or helped us accommodate in any other flights. And we are still fighting for the refunds. I will never fly FlyDubai neither I would recommend it to anyone. 
Air Tahiti Nui is the worst airline I have flown, starting from the reservation process. The Air Tahiti Nui website is the most outdated and the customer unfriendly of any airline. My credit card was charged twice for the same transaction. The reservation agents are the most condescending I have ever experienced. They are unwilling to do their jobs and try to get you to acquiesce to their attitude rather than follow industry standard customer service. Onboard experience was just as bad. The hardware showed neglected maintenance plus obvious signs of wear and tear with dirty seat cover and tray table. The flight attendants were subpar in their service. I would never fly this airline again.
  I booked my ticket from Mumbai to Nagpur for 19th march and return on 21st march evening. Booking was done on 7th march. In my Mumbai to Nagpur journey they didnt even offer water to economy class passengers. Also return flight on 21st was cancelled. Very pathetic experience. 
  We were abandoned in Iceland even though we were in the airport 3hrs before departure and 1 hour at departure gate. Our parents managed to get on the bus to the plane but due to the many lines for different planes all happening at the same time.  No call outs on the tannoy, no attempt to grab us out of the line, we were only a few metres from the desk! We just assumed everyone in front of us was still getting on the plane and there would be another bus coming for us all. We werent the only ones that didnt get on either. We filed a complaint straight away and waited 19 months for a reply which basically said tough luck. Wow air clearly didnt even read our complaint as all they replied was its our fault because we were not there on time. Our parents were in front of us and they got on the flight. I was emailing them regularly to remind them to reply to our complaint but was always ignored. The airport then closed for the night and we had no where to go. We had to organised new flights with Norwegian and had to find a hotel for the night. 
  Im flying over to Manila from Tokyo right now and was recently told that the bag that Ive been taking as carryon everywhere along my Jetstar travels had to get checked in, despite meeting the weight and size requirements. Isnt it strange that theres a severe lack of consistency across the Jetstar kiosks about what can be taken on as carryon luggage versus checkin luggage? This may obviously occur at kiosks from other airlines, but what happened here at Jetstar threw my entire travel itinerary for a loop. Being my only means of carrying my laptop back and forth, I had to then awkwardly carry my laptop around like an idiot instead of being able to leave my belongings in a bag that, I was told, was acceptable to have on board. Not only that, but the kiosk was severely unaccommodating. At the end of the day, my message to Jetstar is to get your rules and policies together. Had I known that I had to have a different bag, I wouldve been able to prepare an adequate solution as opposed to frantically having to rearrange my belongings and receiving a severely suboptimal customer service experience. I want Jetstar policies and rules to be both communicated and implemented effectively. That way, other customers dont have to have their entirely good trip end on such a sour note.
  They lost my luggage. They are giving me no updates. Cannot reach out to them in anyway. Also very rude staff very unprofessional. I absolutely do not recommend.
 I cant blame the staff necessarily but the gate was changed three times and we missed our flight because there was no announcement message sent and they didnt update the board to show the new flight change, on our connecting flight we all went to the gate on our ticket and when we got there they said oh no the gate was changed and it was over a kilometre away to the other side of the Panamanian airport, we got there 15 minutes before the flight was supposed to leave but they already had the doors closed and said because everyone had boarded, they were going to leave early and sorry once we close the doors we cant let you in. Because we missed our flight we missed our pick up ride that was prepaid and our first reservation for the trip.
 Plovdiv to Belfast. It was a decent airline. The seats where mildly uncomfortable though and the free food was disgusting except for the mousse you got in a pot and the lemon muffin as well. The flight staff were nice enough, they didnt talk much but there was one flight attendant who was nice. The food that was actually decent thought was expensive Seriously! £4 for a hot beverage and some shortbread, and it claims to be competitive prices no way! I guess this airline is sort of fly us if you are broke yet want to go on a holiday. And they also dont have anywhere to charge your phone and they dont have wifi either. Not good. Overall if you are flying this airline, bring about £15£20 for the flight because the actually nice food is expensive. Maybe would recommend to someone who doesnt have the money to fly with other, more expensive airlines.
  My wife and I just visited Greece for the first time. When we arrived in Athens we chose Sky Express to travel to Santorini. Your gate agent Konstantinos was so welcoming and helpful. We did not know to have our bags weighed before checking in, and she was so helpful and kind in telling us the details. We immediately gave us a sense of how wonderful she and Sky Express are to visitors. Thank you so much for making us a fan of sky Express and especially Konstantinos!!
Overnight flight from Puerto Vallarta to London Gatwick with Thomson. Left on time and arrived very early at Gatwick. Professional crew who dealt well with obnoxious customers. Food and drink was served efficiently. Tasty but small portions. Seats felt more uncomfortable than on the way out as this was a night flight. Attempted to sleep. Did not enjoy IFE as choice very limited indeed. Horrendous queue at check in PV. Unacceptably long.
Absolutely awful airline. Took about 8 hours to get from St Lucia to St Vincent. Avoid at all costs.
  Terrible experience. Although the flights are cheaper, there are so many add ons that actually it is not that good a deal. Waited 90 minutes in line to check in as it would not allow me to do so online. Finally arrived at the gate and it is now 80 minutes after boarding should have started, no apology or explanation from the staff. Started boarding 10 minutes before scheduled takeoff. I paid $60 for my first checked bag and had to pay an extra 72.35 GBP at checkin because it was a kilo and a half over. Meals are an extra $50, No water served if you have not purchased food. You will get a middle seat unless you pay extra. Extras today will cost me $250.
  We booked a 7 day package with Thomas Cook flying from ManchesterDubrovnik return. Our designated airline was Thomson. We had a pleasant and uneventful flight outbound. On time and crew very good. After a lovely week in Croatia, we had an early morning start to the airport for our return flight to Manchester on 21st May. The flight was on time and no dramas boarding. Then it took a downward turn. We were seated in Row 31 near the back of the aircraft. From the moment that the doors closed, we were subjected to an absolute cacophony of noise from two female crew in the galley behind us. This went on over the security video most of which I couldnt hear and down the runway to take off. We were hopeful that this would come to an end once in the air, but no such luck. Due to turbulence, and the pilot asking that passengers remained seated, we were treated to a continued running commentary with added shrieks regarding the social media postings of these ladies, their friends and their nights out. I was trying to read my book, feeling very tired, and in need of relaxation. 20 minutes after take off, I gave up and pressed the crew call button. No response. After another 1015 minutes, my call was clearly noticed amongst the girls catch up and one of the flight attendants came to my seat. I politely explained that we were quite tired and that their constant noise was disrupting my flight. I was then told 3 times that this particular attendant and her colleague were only human and like a chat. Silly me, there I was thinking that they were in their workplace and responsible for passenger comfort and safety. When I pressed on and asked if perhaps they could just keep it down, I was told to please dont say keep it down. There seemed to be absolutely no awareness that several rows of seats in front of the galley could hear every word, and no recognition that their conversation topics might be inappropriate in a supposedly professional setting. Whatever training this crew received regarding their conduct whilst airborne, clearly needs refreshing and soon. The high frequency chat went on throughout the flight. My particular favourite was the comment to a passenger in a seat a couple of rows in front of us which was were out of Jack Daniels, although who would want to be drinking JD at this time of day?! Lol. I suspect that anyone, particularly a nervous flier who might have fancied a tot of whisky, had their card well and truly marked right there! Most worrying was the 1015 minute delay in pressing the call button and the arrival of crew two rows from the galley. This was put down to the captains request for seatbelts to be fastened. So what happens if someone has a heart attack during turbulence, which was to be fair, mild? Doesnt bear thinking about. It was crystal clear that for the initial part of this flight over 40 minutes the ladies in charge of the rear of this aircraft were paying absolutely no attention to what might be happening in the cabin. I looked back frequently and they were always facing the back of the aircraft. Frightening in this day and age. I have complained about this to Thomson as this crew made me feel less than safe. Needless to say, no reply has been received to date, hence this post. My next flight in August is with Thomas Cook. They used to be the poor relation to Thomson. I book them ahead of Thomson now if there is a choice.
  My wife and I flew to Majorca on 10517. Everything was fine as far as the flight was concerned, on time, very courteous and professional cabin crew. My main gripe is the lack of legroom between the seats. I am six feet tall and weigh just over 19 stone. I could not fold the food and drinks tray fully down and had to put my coffee on my wifes tray. My knees were pressed up against the back of the seat in front. I didnt see why I should have to pay for extra leg room, I have flown several times with other airlines and have never had problems in that respect. On arrival at Palma there was no Rep to greet us and show which bus to get to our hotel. Eventually we got a Jet2 rep to show us where the Monarch desk was to find out the number of our bus. At no time did any correspondence from Monarch or indeed Thomas Cook, our original booking agents, who placed us with Monarch give any instructions about procedure upon arrival at the airport. I feel that this is an area that needs attention, I feel that Thomas Cook took our holiday booking, placed us with Monarch, and then washed their hands of us and took no further part in our holiday, the same applies to Monarch.
  Too many cancelled flights. Over the past 3 years at least 50 of my flights with Qantas were cancelled and reallocated to different and inconvenient times. This especially happens on the Sydney to Melbourne route. I can tell in advance when this is going to occur, if the flights is not 90 full 4 hours prior to flight time it will definitely get cancelled. Fly with Qantas  you have the choice of being either packed like a sardine or cancelled. The staff honestly couldnt give a rats. Service is average compared to other airlines, and not at a premium price tag that they charge. Planes are generally old and seats well worn.
  I booked return flights with Hainan Airlines from Melbourne to Changsha for February 2019, direct flights in both directions. The outbound flight was cancelled due to corporate planning and we were offered an alternative flight on China Southern with an overnight stop in Guangzhou. This meant that out 10 hour direct flight became an 21 hour flight with stopover. A few weeks after arrival, Hainan Airlines cancelled the return flight. No apologies, no compensation, just an offer to change the flight to a nondirect flight. I would not trust them enough to book with them again.
  Seoul to Tokyo. This is the best lowcost airline I have flown. They have a free allowance of a personal item and bag on board as long as it is under 10kg. In reality you can take 2 bags with total weight under 10kg. Although from 28.10 this changes to 7kg. Flight was on time. Planes are new and clean. Japanese staff are the most polite and kind in the world. Seat pitch is low, but thats because most passengers are small, but the seats recline. If you are a big person, I dont recommend flying with them, otherwise they are the best in terms of value for money.
  Short hop on this airline belonging to the Lufthansa Group. Basically not really worse than flying with many European Airlines who claim to be Premium letting you anyway pay for food, drinks, seats, luggage etc, so I wont complain. Eurowings is a low cost airline. Crew was joyful and cabin presented well, even if the seat pitch at the back of the plane isnt great. Pay for food is reasonably priced and the crew handled the process efficiently. Love Eurowings boarding concept two groups. Priority with those having booked a fare including a larger cabin luggage and normal boarding for those with standard hand luggage.
  Munich to Bologna and Pisa to Munich, both on an Embraer 195, economy. Both flights handled efficiently southbound on time, northbound delayed by about 25 mins on departure due to to late arrival of incoming flight there had been thick fog at MUC early that morning which had sent things adrift for much of the morning. However, support given to those with tight connections. Modest inflight service  snacks and drinks  wine came in proper glasses. Other reviewers seem to have had a hard time, but Air Dolomiti worked OK for us.
  This flight failed at every level. We were delayed and arrived at our destination late so that our prepaid car transfer phoned to advise us that he could only wait another 10 minutes for us but this was a BA holiday. We pre ordered food for our flight and this was never loaded onto our flight and to finally compound British Airways complete and utter uselessness our luggage was still in Heathrow. As there is no flight tomorrow the earliest this luggage could possible arrive is very late on Wednesday evening. Having only the clothes that you flew in and reading you can only claim for toiletries and underwear seems to be the antithesis of a happy holiday. I might have expected a complimentary scone in lieu of no food but no we were told that we could purchase from the trolley what they had available. I would like to make it clear that we are British airways bronze level holders which as we have been long retired shows how we have used this airline historically.
  We were not allowed to get on the plane because we didnt have the credit card which we booked the flights with. And the horrible part is the front desk lady, so rude and incredibly disrespectful to an extent that is unbelievable. She refused to wait for us to get the card number and closed the counter and just simply didnt let us get on the plane. This airline still is living back in the 90s! They still dont know the booking process and the hundreds verification codes we receive to complete a booking. We are so disappointed and regret booking through Srilankan airline and will not use it if it was the last airline in the world. You need to train and educate your employees about customer satisfaction because this way you just lose expat customers. No words can explain our anger and shock from the way we were treated today.
  They failed to take off on time resulting in being late to the next 2 flights, then they had the audacity to tell my wife the she will be stuck in Charlotte for the night and they will not be providing a room for her because the flight was delayed due to weather issues. The only reason i even bought the tickets where because it was last minute and there were no other options.
  I enjoyed the trip. Check in was easy, as was the bag drop at Melbourne Airport. The flight was slightly delayed, but it was no big deal. The staff were friendly and helpful. The cost only included beverage or food and water, but for such a short flight that was no big deal. Overall a good experience.
  Unacceptable, experience. I arrived at the airport with my Boarding on the phone, the employee told me that it was useless and I had to pay 45 euros. Abuse at that time you can not choose, rather than pay, That is the firm to raise money with impunity. 
  Its my first time flying after over a year. Flight booking for Cebu Pacific is convenient although I dont like their current 32kg  1pc baggage allowance. Airport check in was fast and crew were efficient and helpful  I checked in a few minutes before closing and they are very helpful. The plane was late and we waited a few more minutes to board. Boarding was okay as per the current pandemic state and the gate personnel are very keen to remind passengers of safety protocols. Aircraft was clean upon boarding. Staff are helpful with the baggage. Flight was smooth until landing. Deplaning via bus gates are the worst at Manila. Baggage claim was quick and no damage to my bags
 Had a flight from Bangkok to Osaka cancelled during COVID. They gave a partial refund but the rest remained as a voucher.  However, using the voucher is next to impossible. In March I wanted to go to Krabi but the voucher didnt work. I contacted the airline and explained the problem but they were so slow in responding that I ran out of time and had to book flights at a higher price and without the discount vouchers. When they finally got back to me they asked for my information and then I never heard from them again and they closed the enquiry without informing me. Im trying to use the vouchers for another trip. Im about a week away from when I need to fly and I still havent been able to book flights because their customer service is so awful. I contacted them months ago via email after they hung up on me on the phone twice! and they asked me for my information again. They have so far confirmed that I have vouchers but havent given me any way to use them either during booking or after booking. Once again Ive waited so long that the flights I wanted have disappeared and Ill now be paying a higher price for flights I didnt want. The only way to contact them now is though their terrible online chat which never understands my question. Ive managed to get in an online queue but Im number 99 and have moved one place in about 30 minutes. 
Caribbean Airlines from Kingston to Ft Lauderdale. For the first time in my life I felt helpless and conned. I was called at 330 in the morning of November 26, 2015 to say my flight was delayed that should be leaving at 610 same morning until 12 noon. I sat and waited at the airport. I checked in at 9am started boarding at 1145 which should be since 1130. 12 noon no passengers were on the plane as they placed us in an area to sit after they took our boarding passes. About 12 hour to 45 mins. when passengers started to ask questions and was irated they sent someone to lie to us  when that wasnt accepted the head of engineer came to tell us they were having a mechanical problem with the engine. I was at the airport since 410am, didnt sleep all night, havent eaten and was being talked to as if I was begging a plane ride. I asked to be rebooked as I was going away for only four days and they kept my bags until there were no flights out. They started boarding sometime after 2pm and the plane was still not fixed as they were awaiting a part to come from New York at 4pm. With all this happening the customer service was poor as it seemed we were being avoided like a plague. I missed thanksgiving dinner with my family and a business meeting. I didnt leave until the Friday morning as I opted not to go again. Then this flight was delayed too and on coming back my flight was delayed for over an hour without explanation. What a joke! 
  Horrible airline with very impolite flight attendants and staff. Flight delayed 3h with no apology  not recommending this airline at all.
NclAmsMco return Comfort Class. Ncl to Ams fine on KLM city hopper Im 65 with osteoarthritis in knees hip and shoulder and was with my son who is 64 so ample legroom was a welcome bonus. Ams to Mco a long 10 hour flight due to headwinds. We booked comfort class for the 33 seat pitch our window and aisle seats did not have this at a guess 31 as my knees were touching the seat in front. Luckily comfort class was only 23 full so we ended up with a centre row each and these did have 33. No problems on flight crew very nice meal was OK. Return flight made sure we had centre row seats which was a good job as comfort class 95 full 2 mins after taking off woman in front fully reclines and stays there for whole flight apart from 20mins for meal asked politely to at least put it up a bit but ignored so for the first 2 hours she had a very bumpy ride as my knees were jammed into her seatback. Luckily the passenger behind me moved so I took her seat for the rest of the flight. Meal was a very dry beef with potato wedges very dry and very saltyspiced alternative was pasta which looked even worse. Ams to Ncl was looking forward to a relaxing last hours flying  not to be as seat pitch was 29 and ended up with my legs spread either side of the seat in front making me very uncomfortable. Other than that no problems. Would I fly MartinairKLM again  probably.
  Worst airline. I lost my connection flight from Istanbul to Doha from Manchester. Wasted 1 day and no information for the delay. The next day flight they booked from Istanbul to Doha is delayed again 2 hours. I will not recommend Pegasus airlines for this unacceptable approach. I had to lose my 2 days for the travel and such a tension in the airport when I missed the flight. I had to pay for the evisa for the stay in the country for the next day flight. No information or e emails or nothing from the airline.
 Flew ANA from Sydney to Haneda economy and Haneda to Heathrow premium economy and same reverse premium economy was via a bid process. Flight for economy was reasonable for the cost while the premium economy wasnt as expected in that the degree of recline was less than I expected. The range of movies on the VOD system was very limited and the food was below average. Customer service from the FAs was however excellent where they were very attentive and courteous immediatly offering eye masks and ear plugs on boarding.
  Lost my luggage and wouldnt reimburse or give me a voucher for a flight they were responsible for me missing. They said they are not responsible for my lost luggage and wont reimburse me for it.
Syrianair is an improving airline. The B727s are trying to fall apart however the 747s and Airbus A320s are good and offer good service. The cabin crew is dignified and the food is okay. The safety cards on these flights are always ripped.
  Boston to Barcelona. Because Level is a subsidiary company, if an issue arises that needs an immediate resolution for the customer, it will go unresolved because Level customer support is nonexistent and communication with Iberia has to go through the customer himherself, and across separate computer systems critical information is lost in translation. I was prevented from boarding due to an issue of dates in the passport before expiry on the same flight, another family was sent home without help for the same reason, and a solo passenger was left unhelped due to a 1 lettermismatch between the name he entered online when reserving his ticket and the name in his ID no ground staff was able to help him!. The Level manager on shift was verbally hostile and offered no resolution, no way of communicating with Iberia to look into flight change or other solutions, and no alternative options. Only the window clerk offered sheepishly a personal suggestion and gave me a phone number to contact Iberia. When my cell phone had connectivity issues in that particular part of the airport, I was informed that Level had no phone line I could use instead to speak with Iberia. I had to borrow a cell phone from another passenger to call Iberia! Then, I was told the only option was to change my flight, which the Level staff could not do with their laptops, so for that, the Level manager had to enter a note in the system confirming I had shown up for checkin. By that time, the manager had left for the gate before even all passengers had checked in in other words, checkin and boarding functions overlap in time and only 1 manager covers both. The checkin clerk tried to enter a note in the computer system despite not having the credentials for that type of annotation in the system, but that did not get registered on the Iberia end. As a consequence, Iberia was unable to change my flight, despite having telephone record of me having shown up for checkin, and I lost the ticket. This illustrates that despite the convenience of pricing, there is a risk of lost fights should any issue arise, due to the utter lack of customer service.
MAYAir is the worst airline when it comes to customer service. My flight was delayed from Fort Lauderdale to Cancun and was in constant contact with MAYAir to ensure them that I would be on time for the flight. I landed and rushed to the terminal where they fly from. Their shuttle bus took over 10 mins to arrive and therefore missed the flight to Cozumel. I arrived exactly at the time of departure and was assured by multiple MAYAir employees at the terminal that MAYAir had been told I was on my way and assured me i was able to get on the plane. When I arrived they all pretended not to know what I was talking about and therefore charged me a fee to get on the next flight. No apologies were given, no tolerance, no customer service, and because its sunday, no one to officially complain to. Aparently the supervisor had gone home. This is the second time this has happened to me. Another disturbing fact is that they charge a very high exchange rate for people paying excess luggage at $10 mexican pesos for every $1usd. 
 Outbound flight of a round trip ticket costing the equivalent of $180 only. There was some confusion as to the gate which was changed and even the crew arrived late but everyone was boarded quickly for a full passenger load and the flight departed on time. Being only a less than 2 hour flight there was no inflight entertainment and the crew barely had time to complete their trolley service before we were ready to descend for landing. Trolley service was limited to pot noodles, snacks and tea  coffee so nothing exciting. Being a budget flight the great thing is that it arrives at Bangkoks main airport, not the budget airport the other side of town, and there are ramp serviced for deplaning.
  This was my second trip with Akasa and I enjoyed the flight and overall experience from Check in to Cabin services to meals. We landed before time which was great, the best part about Akasa is their amazing cheap flexi fares.
  Requested three halal meals but when it came to flight attendant service, they say there is no halal meal on the list. Next time please look after your passengers. Dont want deal with Qantas anymore.
Excellent flights from Gran Canaria to Tenerife North with this super regional airline. Well maintained, clean aircraft both ways. Short flights of around 30 mins, with friendly cabin crew. Newspapers brought round before take off. During the flight served glass of water with a chocolate biscuit, followed by a sweet. Just enough time to collect everything in before landing. Check in easy with no queing at both LPA and TFN. Luggage delivered on belt within 5 mins of entering baggage reclaim,at both airports. Thank you Binter Canarias for excellent service.
 Bad experience, booked for Premium Economy and at the last moment they changed to Economy with excuse that aircraft has been changed and no premium economy in that aircraft, also during call they said that now we have window and middle seats in mid row but at the last moment when we were doing web checking come to know that we both were given middle seats so certainly on different rows. The app is pathetic, tried many times to change but unsuccessful, finally was able to do using laptop. Call centre is another bad experience, too long waiting time, also didnt get any confirmation mail about change from premium economy to economy, only refund was done on time. Even the aircraft was too cramped, very small leg space with respect to other Vistara aircraft, just like any LCC whereas Vistara is a full fledged carrier, my suggestion is to avoid booking their B737, their A320321 are good. Food was ok for such a short route which was just 1 hour 30 min.
 The ground service was exemplary, we had to change our flight due a family emergency involving hospital and surgery. The ground staff could not have been more helpful, we are here on holidays purely due to the staff at Sydney airport. On check in you get meals vouchers for airside dining as the use of the code share lounge is not available during these COVID times. Boarding was on time and very efficient, the allocated seat 17G was a great space for a mere 4 hour flight. On board the staff went over and above with service. Its always the little touches that bring the biggest smiles, a genuine greeting, and wonderful smile its there being the mask, and most of all the personnel thank you to every passenger in business. The food service was prompt and thoughtful. Having said that my partners gluten free meal was inedible, thats why its 4 stars. On arrival the procedure to get off was well handled. It was a truly great way to start a long awaited overseas holiday. Highly recommended great work Fiji Airways.
  Asked to change to aisle seat denied at ticket counter and on plane even though they had several open available. When I booked ticket I didnt know or see wHere I wanted to purchase meals, I thought meals were included. I said I would pay and I had to wait over an hour till they accommodated other passengers. Then I could buy only certain and few items. 
 First off, I paid for a first class ticket! A lot of money! I fly monthly and I always fly first class. When I got to the airport I went to scan my eticket which clearly showed I have a first class seat. The machine said I was too late to check luggage. It didnt make sense. I was 2 hours early. A very nice woman helped me and she fixed it and checked my luggage. And I got my luggage tickets and my luggage was marked priority. When I went to check in at the gate I was told to step aside. A female agent said the ticket not in the system despite my having my boarding pass. So she asked a male agent to assist me. He was extremely mean and rude. He said I wasnt on the flight. I showed him my confirmation email, my eticket that showed my seat number and he said it didnt matter. I dont exist in in the system. He then assigned me a new seat in economy. I told him I paid for a first class ticket. He said you didnt tell me that. Ask for a refund. Had he actually looked at my ticket he wouldve seen that I was first class. I didnt want to make scene so I moved on. When I passed through the first class cabin my seat was empty. I do not know if it filled after, but I was one of the last ones on the plane. I imagine it went empty. I probably should have just showed my e ticket and I could have sat down, but honestly I was so taken back by the way I was just treated I wasnt thinking. I have sent an email to my travel agent to ask her how I can get a refund of the difference. I fly first class because I fly frequently and it helps me to me rested for important meetings. I spend a lot of my hard earned money. I was treated horribly by the agent at the gate. I do not tolerate that behavior and do not reward it with further business. I can tell you, I will absolutely never fly American Airlines ever again and I will never recommend them to any body ever again based on my experience on this particular trip. I dont appreciate being treated so badly. There was no cause for him to be this way, other than he enjoyed pushing his weight around. So American Airlines, you lost a customer.
  Johannesburg to Hong Kong. SAA was a huge disappointment for my daughter and myself.  The seats and TV screens were dirty. The selection of movie were old and outdated. They hostess informed us they have run out of certain drinks on the first service order. When all the lights were shut down in cabin I assume that means we can all have a nap but it was impossible, the staff never stopped talking, this went on for hours.  We would like to support our local airline but after this flight will rethink my future travel decision.
 I am astonished to read the number of negative reviews this airline receives. I have completed a round trip from South Africa to Thailand and Malaysia on Emirates, and have nothing but praise for their stellar product. Flight from Cape Town to Dubai was on a 777, which admittedly is beginning to show signs of age, but that did not stop the staff from giving excellent service. The other three flights were all on an A380, which was comfortable and made extremely pleasant by very friendly and helpful staff. All flights were on time, and served delicious food and drink to boot. In addition, the Business Class product offers extras such as lounge access and in my opinion the best of all chauffeur service, which works like clockwork. Maybe its the luck of the draw, but I personally think Emirates is tops.
  San Francisco to Taipei . Always a great experience with EVA Air. Website, price, food,entertainment, service, check in, luggage, no problems or surprises, 4 times using them. Recommend them.
Nanjing  Chongqing. Used this China internal flight cost around £55 2 hours long and on time. Offered good hot food with a smile and free drink to ups throughout. English not understood that well by lovely attendant but acceptable as was a internal flight. Overall very surprised by quality considering this is a budget airline.
Flew with this airline September 2013 from Manchester to Northern Cyprus with a stop in Turkey. Very uncomfortable as hardly any leg room and narrow seats. This was a problem since total time on aircraft was 6.5 hours. Staff were unsmiling and offhand. Definitely wouldnt fly with them again.
 Frontier is nothing more than a fraudulent corporation. My 624 flight was cancelled after checking in bags. Thee was no explanation but it was not due to inclement weather. In an attempt to economize an upcoming flight for a job interview, I booked again with Frontier. It was suggested I not take the chance and rebook with a more eligible airline. I was charged a cancellation fee and the ENTIRE value of the ticket with less than 25 available to book for a future flight. If this isnt a fraudulent moneygrab, I dont know what to call it. I will suggest that no one trust this socalled airline.
  Very punctual on time flight even though we departed almost 1520 minutes late due to previous flight from our gate departed very late. The boarding of more than 100 pax was completed in almost 20 minutes which is in my opinion very efficient. Inflight service was very good with good quality of food with both veg and non veg option which is included in the fare. Condition of the cabin, seat and overall aircraft was up to date. The inflight entertainment was also good. Overall a very pleasant experience flying with Vistara.
  Dubai to Cairo. Long queue at boarding desk but checking was smooth,they had allotted our seat a day before journey and send the web boarding on mail, they had given us aisle and next to aisle. The aircraft seating configuration was 242, we wanted to change to window but as no window were available for 2 to seat together. But when we boarded found that no one was seating beside us means we 2 share 4 seats, that was comfortable. Flight departed and and arrived on time, aircraft was clean good leg room, breakfast was good, we selected for special hindu meal and it was provided. No alcoholic beverage on Egyptair. Good in flight service. Overall good experience and can fly again.
RGNSNWRGN. Modern ATR 42 aircraft good safety briefing very quick turnaround with seat allocation on way out 70 full and free seating on return. Aircraft departure on time and luggage off quickly each time. Snack soft drink and teacoffee on short 45 minute flight. Great views from 16000ft over Irrawaddy plain and Arakan hills and exciting approach over the sea and surf to short landing strip between the palm trees. Good experience.
  The departure time is scheduled to leave Detroit for 2220. We stayed at the airport an extra 4 hours, made our arrival to Amsterdam later than expected. The wait time and fly connections of the trip is terrible. The expected arrival to my destination Beirut was supposed to be 1936. There was too many unnecessaryunknown delays. The food on the plane was disgusting to eat.  Will never travel with Delta Air Lines anymore. 
  Jakarta to Singapore ID7155. The check in and boarding process was fast and the staff was kind and nice. The flight departed and arrived on time. The cabin crew was efficient and polite. The food for this flight was sandwich and muffin served in a box. Both food was quite good in taste. The inflight entertainment for this flight was rather new and different from the previous domestic flight that I have with them. This IFE was better compared to their old one and it was responsive. The movie was somehow updated with some new selection. Overall, it was a pleasant experience with Batik Air.
  Bangkok to Yangon. What a pleasant surprise. Clean aircraft. Pleasant, professional and efficient crew. Ontime performance. Tasty snack for the short flight. Even the preflight service was great  email requests for special requests were answered within an hour. True 5star service.
Very bad experience the flight was rescheduled for 5 times from the time of booking. Initially it was scheduled was in morning then in evening and then late evening then at night then late night and then next day.. customer care service is pathetic over call and at counter. They just have one dialog we are sorry this is due to airport authorities issues. Never seen such a bad service. My father is paralyzed person and we chose this flight just because of of its early departure. Please dont book and travel by this company flights.
 Flew Asiana Airlines from Seoul to London. Staff were more interested in chatting in the kitchen area than helping the passengers and made you wait when you asked for something. Food was very ordinary so I skipped the second meal and entertainment is limited. On the plus side the seats are individual ones next to the window and are quite big and flat.
  I was supposed to fly on Caribbean Airlines in October 2020 to Kingston. However Caribbean airlines cancelled my flight and wanted to put me on another flight 14 hours later. This was not convenient for the purpose of my travel so I told them that that flight would not suffice. They told me it could take up to ninety business days for a refund. It is now seven months since September 30, 2020 and I have not yet received my refund of $493. I have contacted the airlines at least five times now. I have contacted Expedia. I have contacted BBB and I have even written an email to the CEO of the airlines. All they are telling me is that my refund was submitted to the refund department.
AthensLimnos on a Q400. Check in quick and efficient. Boarding by bus but quite efficient too. The flight left five minutes early and arrived 15 minutes early. It was smooth and the friendly crew worked very hard to get everyone a drink and nuts on this 40min flight. There was ample leg room. A good experience.
  I flew with AirAsia twice this month, 1st from Penang to Langkawi, and then from Langkawi to Kuala Lampur, and both were top quality flights. The 1st flight arrived at the destination even earlier than the stated time, and the 2nd one was punctual as well, their cabin crew are all professional, well dressed, respectful and beautiful too! unlike Malaysian Airlines staff which were disrespectful and not good looking, If youre looking for domestic flights within Malaysia, theyre the best option to choose imo, dont let the negative reviews scare you away, I bought one 25kg luggage and when I weighed it at the airport, it was 2 kg above that but still they said it was fine and didnt charge anything extra for it.
  Tried to web check one day before my flight but this was impossible, so I e mailed the company on this issue without ever receiving a reply... on the day of my flight, I succeeded and reserved seat No 3C... flight was delayed for half hour without any apology, and at check in they changed my seat from 3C to 13C at the captains instructions as she explained to balance the plane !!. Plane was new, inflight service they only served water and orange drink. Absolutely no single reading material, arrived at Athens with delay 19.35 taxied for 1520 minutes and parked away from anywhere, good old bus service as if we are still in the 50s, at boiling hot temps of 38 C into a boiling hot bus like sardines. Who cares about covid 19, pandemic etc, good old bus avoiding passenger jet steps. The flight was ok, but this airline should realise that passengers are not obliged to go through the good old process of steps and busses.
  I bought a ticket from Krasnodar to Istanbul, arrived at the airport, and the flight was not canceled, it simply does not exist! the airline did not warn that the flight would not be. Tickets continue to be bought. I also bought tickets from Istanbul to Dalaman, which I also cannot use because I didnt fly out of Krasnodar. Wrote a complaint to the airline, at the moment no one has contacted me. Spent about $600 on a trip that I could not complete.
  Mwanza to Dar es Salaam. The flight never took place. The staff told us to take a flight next day which was not possible for us. Still dont get our money back. Will never use fastjet again because every time we have big problems.
  First, the positive. The flight crew is extremely nice and apologetic about the situation. I booked a 1st class ticket at a great price round trip from John Wayne to Orlando. Both ways, they downgraded the aircraft and delayed the flight over 3 hours on the outbound and 6 hours on the inbound. The flight went from a nonstop to a refueling stop in Tulsa. Because of the downgrade the flight was then overbooked and they started bumping people. Sparing you the gory details, Do not fly this airline if you want to get to your destination.
  Berlin Tegel to Vienna. On my short weekend trip to Vienna I ended up in a Niki aircraft, although booked with Air Berlin. You can see a small difference between Niki and its bigger sister, for example the crew wear an pinkviolet uniform and probably the main difference being that Niki still gives the complementary drinks one hot and one cold and a little snack a vegetarian and a nonvegetarian option and it was like in the old days at Air Berlin. The flight was of course, on time. The crew were very friendly the seat was very spacious I got one with extralegroom as a topbonus platinum A nice airline for a nice flight.
 This is the worst airline Ive ever travelled with. They cancelled our flight without providing us an alternative connection or refund. They were not reachable through any attempts of contacting them phone, email, social media. We had to personally go to the local office in Nepal to get a hold of them and get a new connection. This new connection had a layover for four hours in Kuwait, where there was no possibility to smoke, leave the terminal with very limited options or rest comfortably. When we talked to the terminal manager he referred us to the Jazeera Airways team who couldnt help us with any of our concerns. Very disappointing. Will never fly again. Please avoid this airline!
 London to Zanzibar via Muscat. They changed my flight and lied about giving me a hotel in a 20 hour layover. Customer service is appealing bad and has been equipped to disappoint you. They have a poor Web form to send feedback that dont work.
  Flight was overbooked, and we had to stay in Athens overnight. They code share with Iberia and seats are booked on first come first served base. No telephone or email to support with a live agent! Lucky for us an employee from Athens Airport reached them and if all is well maybe we can fly tomorrow, Do not recommend for any reason
  Bangkok to Washington via Beijing. Two members of my family arrived in IAD without their checked luggage. The CA rep at IAD provided them with a baggage irregularity report which did not have a complete reference number, which meant that each time trying to followup with Air China it was a major hassle having to find the case in their system by using bag tag numbers, etc. Sloppy work on the part of the agent at IAD. We were told that the bags would arrive three days later, despite the fact that there were daily flights with both CA and UA on the PEKIAD route. The bag finally arrived. I put in a claim for compensation for the purchase of essential clothing and toiletries. I submitted all required documentation and a claim for US$530. I was told to email this information to an Air China agent at LAX. After a week, I had received no response. I called Air China and was told that the agent who told me to email her was on holidays. More ineptness. I was told to email the claim to baggage services at IAD. I did so and received a reply stating that each passenger was entitled to the grand sum of US$43! What does CA think can be purchased in terms of essential clothing and toiletries in the middle of winter in Washington DC for US$43? Shameful on the part of Air China. I wrote the and shared my indignation, particularly as my family members are Star Alliance Gold. They just lost me and my family as customers.
  Johannesburg to New York. We followed the normal reporting process and emailed SAA two weeks ago with no response. We reserved 3 seats for the trip going to New York and our return flight back to JHB. Before boarding this flight I phoned SAA and raised my concerns about on board entertainment systems being faulty which were laid to rest by your call centre lady saying I must request the ground staff to check entertainment systems before we take off to see if our systems are working so if there are technical problems they can be sorted before the plane hits the runway then it would be too late. This however did not prove to be factual at all. Once at the terminal the staff on the plane were rude and told us the systems could not be checked until the plane was in the air. So we sat back and waited hoping all would be okay until the emergency demonstration had been done and the entertainment systems started getting switched on then we started to see the overhead lights coming on one after the other. At this time we were still trying to figure out how to pull our entertainment systems from under our seats. With our luck Seat 45D had a picture but no sound. Seat 45E and 45F no picture or sound. So we complained with the other 20 or odd passengers at the time so they announced they were going to reboot the system. This happened twice. No change. The plane was not full so they started to move passengers around to seats to where there were screens to see if they could find available entertainment. My friend was moved twice and then gave up due to not being successful and came back to her seat next to me. The air was so hot where we were sitting we could not take it another minute so we called the air hostess who said she could not understand why it would only be our row. She came back later and said afterwards that there was a distinct temperature difference between the rest of the plane and our section and she would try and resolve it for us. She was very apologetic and accommodating. We were hoping that our return flight would be on a different plane as we checked and saw SAA has a few of these planes on their fleet and thought the likelihood of getting such bad luck a second time running in one trip would be unheard of. So we still went for the extra legroom and kept our reserved seats that we paid the additional R750.00 per person for, and lo and behold on flight SA204 departing from New York the seats I reserved again this time no sound no picture And a sweat box for the full flight.
  Vancouver to Frankfurt. My partner and I flew Condor Airlines last year. There was a documentation issue and we asked to change our departure date, several days prior to the flight. Condor, unbelievably, refused to rebook our ticket over the phone and told us to try to rebook our ticket at the checkin counter, on the day of travel. Of course, the checkin counter could not help us other than to cancel our ticket. After spending several hours on the phone with the accounts department of Condor, we were given new tickets and an apology. The flight went without incident. Then, five months later on December 24th, we received a rude and demanding email that we should now pay for the first flight, which we had asked to be rebooked. We will never travel with Condor again.
 We took SQ285 SINAKL on 6323 and SQ282 AKLSIN on 19323 The service has dropped in comparison to our past experience on SIA. The world class hospitality as the latest TV advertisement claims is sadly missing. The warmth, friendliness, cheerfulness, the unique character and personality of Singapore Airlines was not there. There were no disposable wet wipes provided when we boarded the plane. The first meal took fairly long before it was served. Between meals, crew would be walking up and down the aisle with water, drinks and snacks but I did not see this. On our return flight on SQ282, the crew did offer a few rounds of orange juice and water but no snacks. They did not offer toiletries pack. Whether I would recommend this airline, depends on the price point at the time of booking in comparison to other airlines out there. The whole experience felt like a very regular, no fuss airline experience. 
Excellent lowcost airline to a popular destination. The staff at Gatwick moved heaven and earth to get us out despite a long delay due to snow at Tallinn and a storm over Stockholm. Although we flew out in the middle of the night we got there in the end. On the way back everything went smoothly. Would have given them 5 stars except the food and drink on board is pricey and this was not obvious at the time otherwise on the way out I would have taken some £s out of the ATM rather than spending them all at Gatwick. Coming back I managed to buy a cake and some coffee having already eaten in Tallinn before the flight for 45 krooni not bad as the cake was huge. Would fly with them again when visiting Estonia rather than take a slightly more expensive connecting flight via Amsterdam.
I flew with Turkmenistan early February 2007 from Birmingham to Amritsar. The outgoing flight was 10 hours late at Birmingham but we were not given any explanation what so ever for the delay  apparently it was due to fog in Amritsar? We were given a £5 voucher to spend on food  drinks which bought you a couple of coffees! Food and inflight service was adequate. Return flight was punctual but the temperature on the plane was very warm and therefore most uncomfortable. Despite a requests from passengers nothing was done other then to hand out a glass of water to each passenger. Food on the Amritsar to Ashkhabad part of trip was poor.
  I traveled from New York to Tel Aviv in June 2019. We flew via Moscow and after two hours waiting transfer we took off to Tel avid, food and service is poor but I got economy tickets so its ok so far. In Tel avid is when the nightmares started, they cant find our suitcases no where. 2 days later an Angel found 2 of the 3 packs. Well the Hunting continues, 2 more they my wife had to get in the baggage section in airport to get my mothers suitcase, finally we closed that chapter. June 17th was the day to return home, I had to return my rental car and left my family in the check in waiting, after I came back to the terminal we had to wait a half hour in line just to the attendant tells we missed the flight, I was 45 minutes to the depart, so we beg to them to let us go, no way, they sent us to the ticketing window where not one help us, the answer was, buy new tickets. I tried to see if any one else can help but looks like this company doesnt have customer service.  We asked to talk to a supervisor but looks like they even dont know that word or dont care. 
  Worst customer service weve ever experienced. An agent made an error on a booking amendment resulting in us having to book an expensive last minute flight. We called immediately to dispute the matter and were assured wed receive a call back shortly. That was almost 2 months ago. We have called a further 5 times to no avail. The matter is still not resolved. We will never be using this airline again. 1 out of 10 in generous. Would give it 0 if I could.
 Cape Town to Sao Paulo via Johannesburg with South African Airways. Worst airline ever. Disorganized, not very clean. Very old in every way. Very noisy, seats uncomfortable, little service. Food more like coach. Cant believe I used lots of points for this experience. Worst business trip ever. Love Africa but need a better way to get there.
  Booked a flight to Osaka with Emirates with transit through Dubai. The only thing I hate about Emirates is those codeshare agreements with Flydubai who are notorious for delays based on past experience. However, this one took me by surprise and the plane we got on was actually well air conditioned, had a swift and advanced infotainment system with big screens with good tv options and the food hummus sandwich and saffron cake was complimentary and extremely delicious. If Flydubai keeps this experience consistent, I might consider them for my regular Dubai getaways.
  Flight out of Sydney and I was unable to board the plane. My family went ahead but I was left at Sydney. On checkin we had a good chat to David Scanlon, who was shocked when I later returned and was unable to board. David tried to change my booking but was unable to do so and advised I call the airline to amend my booking. On my way home David called me and told me he sent a page out to get my phone number. He told me he was able to change my booking free of charge , under the stressful situation I was in, having to leave my children. The way David went above and beyond was exceptional. This is our first time flying with Scoot, and thanks to David we will be returning. I will also be referring Scoot to all of my friends and family. Thank you David. Your efforts have not gone unnoticed. You are an example of what outstanding customer service is .
 Don Mueang to Udon return with Thai AirAsia. Had previously checked in online so only had to collect my boarding pass at the machine no checked bags so check in took 2 minutes, another few minutes at security, then the long walk. DMK Domestic can involve a long walk to  from the gate. Boarding was reasonably well organised by aft  forward zones. There was priority boading for those who paid extra presumably allowing them to stow their oversized cabin bags for less than the cost of the bag being checked in. Flights were on time, both fullfull. Didnt bother with a meal from the fairly disinterested cabin crew and neither did most of the passengers. Checkin in Udon was the same  a couple of minutes at the machine assisted by helpful staff. Excellent price. On time, no hassle flights. Whats not to like?
I took return flights from Gatwick to Malta for a short vacation and was happy with service on both flights. The onboard and ground staff were polite and helpful. I appreciated the checked luggage allowance and the free onboard snack, something you often dont get in economy. The prices in their Sky Bar Menu for paid for food and drink were very reasonable also. 
I fly regularly with Binter between Las Palmas and Tenerife. I find the airline generally punctual except for extreme weather conditions  usually at Tenerife North and the staff very attentive. Fares can be pricey but if you choose your flight times during the day you can get some good deals. Occasionally I have flown with Islas Airways but have found them unreliable and subject to flight cancellations which has been most inconvenient. Their ground staff also tend to be uncommunicative.
  Check in went really well. When it was time to board though, the cabin crew were not welcoming, some were rude. I understand that people might not always be in a good mood, but they should also understand that we didnt do anything and all were looking for is a safe and peaceful trip. When I got to my seat, the top cabin for Hand luggage was already filled by other passengers. I asked for assistance, but it wasnt well received by the crew. Imagine. I hope my next trip will be better than this experience.
  Phnom Penh to Macau. Within 3 days we took 2 flights with Bassaka Air, Siem Reap to Phnom Penh and Phnom Penh to Macau. It is a great option to travel between the  Cambodian cities. In the first flight we had no incidents, everything went great, boarding, flight, great service. The 2nd flight was delayed for 12 hours and with no other options they abandoned me at the airport for that long. When trying to reach the company to understand what happened, after a few emails back and forward they just left me with no response, even after I reminded them weeks later. Its easy to provide a service if everything goes as planned. When something wrong happens is when you separate the best from the others. This was simply the worst possible customer care service. A
  Worst experience ever. 3 hour delays to Orlando and back home. No communication explaining delay. Attendants at gates refuse to talk to you or go to tarmac. Overall the worst experience Ive ever had flying. Will never recommend Avelo to anyone nor will I ever fly Avelo again. Abysmal.
 Luang Prabang to Vientiane. The flight took off 15 minutes ahead of time and arrived at Vientiane half an hour early. The cabin was very clean. The airlines only provided a bottle of mineral water. The crew were kindly. They smiled to every passengers.
  Delayed for more than 2 hours. The boarding experience was a nightmare. Delay announcement via sms and flight announcement display. My inflight experience are the same as my previous flight  very moderate. 
  Starting from the boarding experience in Vienna, where they put you in a confined place for 3040 minutes, with no seating. Some of the cabin crew serving me were lacking the basic communication and service skills. Infotainment system, was working properly, but a lot of the selection is for Asian passengers. Headphones provided to me were of a low quality, before. To exit your seat to the toilet, you need to climb out.
A domestic Aerolineas Argentinas flight from Puerto Iguazu to Buenos Aires Aeroparque. The scheduled time of depart was 920AM. As we arrived to the airport, no one told us that there is a delay and we were after checkin and security. Finally, we left the small airport at 1240pm after more than 3 hours of waiting then the excepted. Plane was Boeing 737700 with easyjet seats which were OK. The snack box was okay and decent for the 1 hour and 45 mins of the flight. Aeroparques terminal is very nice, clean and comfortable. Next time I will think twice to fly with Aerolineas Argentinas.
Buenos Aires to Miami with a delay in the output of Buenos Aires 5hrs. After a scheduled stopover in Santa Cruz in Bolivia suffered a further delay of 4 hours. In addition to this as the plane that took us up was very small for the flight he was forced to make an additional stop to fuel in Cali Colombia. The planes we had to take us to get to Miami were dirty with broken seats no kind of entertainment such as TV. The poor and inattentive staff of course had to deal with few resources. The return flight similar. Delays old planes but most of the journey by plane MiamiSanta Cruz had a noise in your engine that was intolerable to the ears. Large number of passengers frightened by the strange sound was heard constantly.
I sat waiting while they had to locate the pilot, we left an hour late. Once I scheduled the first flight back to Nantucket because I was coming in on a red eye, they didnt run that flight and gave no reason, I had to wait another 2 hours. Recently when they changed over their computer system somehow my reservation froze and they could not let me on the plane. I waited while two schedule flights left and had to buy another ticket just to get to Boston, to miss the event I was trying to attend. I could not believe that this company would set up their employees for such failure with this new computer system. No one was trained to operate the computer and it was a complete disaster. And this last time I was delayed due to fog in NY and even though I made it on time they had sent that plane early. Sent early despite knowledge of the east coast weather and despite the fact they didnt offer another flight for 3 hours. You may be asking yourself, Why would this lady keep flying Cape Air? Well the answer is there is not any competition for this airline and they will treat you as such. Because what can we do as a customer when there is no other option?  What do they have to offer an an apology or reconciliation for their poor service  nothing! The staff could not have cared less about my reservation or predicament. I have never been treated so poorly by a company over and over. The Cape Air website speaks of great customer service and quality but that is obviously just a cloak for their poor customer service practices and obvious lack of concern for any of their patrons. Take the bus, Rent a car, anything but dont bother to fly with them. It only leads to frustration and no one accountable for their failings.
  Better than Qantas, Virgin or Jetstar For the first time, I booked Rex to fly from Canberra to Melbourne. It was a good deal with luggage and I took it. When checking in, it was lovely Mandy, who greeted me with a big smile. She checked me in and I was on my way to go to my gate. Later, while I was waiting for the call, Mandy came and gave me an upgrade to their business class. She knew that I was going to Pilgrimage to Mecca and she wanted me to have a good trip! I was very grateful. Upon boarding, I was presented with this clean aircraft with friendly crew. I was surprised to see how professional and courteous they were. Overall, that was a very enjoyable flight. All flights should be like this. I will definitely fly again with Rex.
Iberia Express dont care about passengers. Flight delayed 40 minutes by a chaotic boarding process, passengers divided among 6 or 7 groups but it was not clear who had to board first. As a result passengers from all rows were boarding at once making the process very slow. They had allocated children emergency exit seats so flight attendants had to shuffle passengers around. Plane has tiny seats, poor legroom, no refreshments. There wasnt any entertainment nor screens with flight route. 
  Paris to Seoul Incheon. First time flying in Korean Air business class with Prestige sleeper seats. The food was very good quality and the flight attendants were attentive and professional. I normally cannot sleep longer than 2 hours on a flight, but managed to get around 45 hours on the flight. The noisecancelling headphones while not on par with Sony or Boses top of the line models still worked well enough. IFE was good but not on par with Singapore Airlines or Emirates.
  Back in December of 2021 my family decided to go for our mothers funeral, she passed 2021 and due to COVID we were unable to attend. Two days before our travel this airline canceled our flights and we were obligated to purchase tickets with a different airline. Although it was a very bad experience we decided to give them a second chance. This time purchase a ticket for my elderly father we live 5 hrs from the international airport, for May 8, a week previous to the travel day received a msg stating the flight got rescheduled to May 13. A day before the flight I received a message that the new time switched from 330pm to 10pm, My father gets to the airport on the May 13 at 6pm and the flight is completely canceled, we did not receive any messages, No emails, no phone calls. I paid someone to take my dad to the airport but the driver is not allowed at the airport so he dropped my father off and left. I called customer services they started it was 11pm and to call back during business hours. I had to jump and literally do magic to have him in the next flight with a different airline. This airline lost my respect and will never purchase another ticket. I called them this morning and their answer was we had to cancel this flight for major reasons. I understand things happen, but be ready to be responsible to take care of your customers and communicate as soon as possible. You have no idea what people go thru to even purchase and paid a flight ticket .. very dissatisfied and disappointed.
  Premium Economy on Latam on some routes seems to replace Business Class. The result is some more legroom, the centre seat 3seat unit is unused and bigger, better catering and forward cabin seating. Sometimes the centre seat is just unused, sometimes it becomes a tray. Crew are quite good, authentically friendly and helpful. Catering is ample and simple. Lounge access and priority baggage are included.
  I flew on Qatar Airways 6 times in the last 24 days on the following routes FRADOHSLL Business, SLLDOHAUH Business, AUHDOHFRA Economy. Every single flight was amazing and wellcoordinated on the ground and in the air. The cabin crew were in my opinion some how much nicer and more professional than precorona. The food and selection of food have improved significantly and also many service steps have even increased like the sauna service in comparison to preCorona. I feel like this airline truly is the only airline that deserves the 5 stars it has! It is nice to see them keeping up to their standards and even improving every time I fly with them.
 Delayed flights, lost luggage. and when they located it, they said I WOULD HAVE TO GO BACK TO THE AIRPORT TO PICK IT UP!! They dont even send it. NEVER AGAIN!
  Brisbane to Honiara return on Solomon Airlines IE 701700 flying on a Qantas code share QF 379380 in economy. An aging but wellmaintained A320 which does the journey in a shade over three hours. Flying on a Qantas Code Share and with premium FF status my luggage was booked through to my final destination and I was able to access the Qantas Business lounge in Brisbane and the Belama Lounge in Honiara. Seats are leather and well spaced by economy standards with sufficient leg room. There is no inflight entertainment but the meal service was generous for a relatively short flight with constant refills of wine available! The cabin crew are among the friendliest I know and give very good service. The only competition on this route is Virgin with a similar fare structure and limited service, so airfares are not particularly low but if purchased well in advance are not unreasonable for a fairly lowtrafficked route.
  This is a first for me writing a review as Im very understanding of circumstances that are controllable and not controllable. Ive worked in the Airline industry before actually as a Transportation manager for a catering company that actually serviced Spirit Airlines out of LAX. This was my 1st time actually flying on Spirit and I had my reservations about doing so, just based on the reputation but I placed my faith in believing my experience would be different. Yesterday I arrive at LAX for my flight to San Juan Puerto Rico about 2 hours prior to departure. I head to kiosk to print my boarding passes, and when I put in my confirmation . I received a message that Im checking in too early and my flight is scheduled to leave tomorrow  please see an agent. So then I must stand in this line to get to an agent for over an hour. I learned my connecting flight to Detroit was cancelled. When I finally got the counter the agent told me that my next flight out is in 2 days. My trip was from Monday to Friday now this issue has caused me to lose 3 days out of my trip and if I flew out Wednesday night I basically would turn right back around. I was looking forward to this 1st time trip to Puerto Rico but it looks like that has been delayed. The only options I had was to take the flight change or refund. Obviously I had to do the refund as I was losing on my reserved hotel room that I had for this 2 days, and honestly there was no way I was going to go through the nightmare of getting home. I cut my loses and then proceeded with a refund. As much as I had planned and anticipated the trip all the joy was lost. At the time Im writing this I should have already landed and been taking in the island but since my vacation was canceled I returned back to work for a vacation I had planned for months. Next step is waiting for my full refund. When I initially purchased the tickets it wasnt about the price of the ticket but the time of the flights that fit well with my schedule. Spirit mostly likely will not be that option for me in the future.
  I flew flight T5 921 from Ashgabat to Istanbul.  The plane is old. The food is terrible. There were no delays. The staff is not bad. The flight was not very comfortable. The seats are uncomfortable. Overall was not very satisfied, because the priceperformance ratio is terrible
  Family of 5 2 small children  parents and grand mum Los Angeles to paris return. Check in was easy Boarding was easy.  Great service even though we were late to the Gate. In flight service was attentive, courteous and helpful. Reasonably priced and food was tasty. The aisles are slightly narrower but good leg room. Plenty of overhead storage on both flights. Plane had new entertainment equipment and felt new, great value for money. Pro tip make booking with hot meal its worth being included or bring ample snacks, drinks, and meal cup of noodles from airporthome.
  Return flight from Cusco to Lima. Our outbound flight was delayed over an hour but were on holiday so no biggie. On arrival to Cusco airport theres only one counter handling the checked luggage so things are slow. Were given boarding passes and are told the flight leaves an hour late. Then the flight suddenly disappears from the departure display. Were being told all is fine. This drags on for the next six hours for a take off at 1730 instead of 1045. No apologies, no explanation and info given very vague. The plane from Lima was always just about to take off. The inflight experience is ok, very little legroom but the plane is new and the flight is just over an hour.
The table in front of the seat was dirty, flipped down, and there was a mess of snacks from the previous passenger. Indicates no cleaning  Makes it uncomfortable to use the table in front of the seat, feel disgusted  The vomit bag was crumpled like it had been passed by several hands.  The flight was delayed too much, it was delayed more than 20 minutes, and I felt dissatisfied that the airline was not punctual.
  14 December 2022 Frankfurt  Male 20.20, departed 22.50! This was my worst flight experience ever. Because of the mistake of the staff some travellers were guided to the wrong gate, We have waited very long time till everyone was on board and the baggage was loaded in to the plane. The IFE screen at the plane looked like 1980 year television. In total we were 2 hours late on the destination and in total 23 travellers were late for there transit flight so everyone needed to arrange visa and hotel to stay. The staff was so arrrogant and did not care about anything.
 Before I brought ticket I read the reviews about Lynx 1 They are bad at luggage so we should take carryon, and I did that thank God 2 They cancel flight and you learn that in the airport! True! 3 Customer support takes forever to reach 1.5 hours waiting time if you are lucky True! 4 Nobody helps or explains what is going on at the airport! They keep saying call customer support. True! I had flight flights overseas or domestic KLM, Lufthansa, WestJet, Swoop, Turkish, Air Canada, United I have never ever experienced such a horrible airline in my life as Lynx! 1  they sent email for our Toronto  Calgary on our flight day about arriving at least 3 hours early because Pearson security is busy. 2  We drove from London Ontario to Toronto with rental car and been in airport 3 hours earlier. 3  At the airport we learned our flight cancelled! My wife, my daughter and I left at the airport without a car because we already dropped it off because they said arrive early! They will cancel it you will learn at the airport! They will badly effect your all travel plans  I had to pay my airbnb 1 day for nothing $115  I had to pay rent a car an other day $110. Even worse 4  When we called customer support after wait 1 hours 40 minutes we drove from London we have no place in Toronto they told us that they would provide hotel information and they would send it via email in an hour then we can stay in that hotel. They also told us according to flight rules they dont have to provide accommodation but they make a big favour for us. 5  No email arrived and after 2.5 hours we drove around Toronto so my daughter can sleep in a rented car, then someone called me that they cant find hotel we have to find, and email to customer support ! and they will reimburse later. 6  I found a hotel online in 3 minutes. 7  Next day I called them how would they reimburse the hotel cost, they told me send an email they will back to me, they dont know yet. 8  After 7 days my wife kept calling them and asked accommodation cost they responded that they approved hotel. Approved?  They offered us ridiculous! 8  They never told me how they reimburse money and they of a all sudden sent email that they etransferred money to my correspondence email address which is not associated my bank because no one asked me! 9  I corrected them its not my email associated with my bank, after another week later they sent another mail that they would transfer money to email address to correct account and I would get hotel cost in 30 days, we will see! Pay more and pick another airline!
Royal Class flights HelsinkiPhuket on A330200 aircraft. A quick but rather rude checkin at HEL. An access to a new comfortable lounge at HEL was a nice surprise no lounge access at HKT though. A priority boarding for Royal Class passengers. The seat was a major disappointment worn out and uncomfortable expected better comfort in premium class. The entertainment system was ancient and didnt even work probably on the return flight. The two meals served on the exHelsinki flight were tasty but not the same quality on return. Service was professional but impersonal no smiles. A sufficient amenity kit was a nice touch but delivered on the HELHKT flight only. Will choose their Royal Class again only if new seats and better IFE will be installed.
  Helsinki to Prague. My experience with Czech Airlines was thoroughly unpalatable, I wonder how they can be part of the SkyTeam at all. Not only was the flight running late, the plane itself was an extremely old and poorly configured 737400. It was immediately clear that passenger comfort was of no interest to this carrier given that the air conditioning vents were not aligned to the seats and the pitch of the seats themselves were so narrow so as to replicate the feeling of a sardine can. Service aboard the plane was unspectacular and ambivalent, but not offensive. There was no effort to wow the passenger at all. I most certainly would recommend arriving in Prague by any other airline available.
  Worst airline. I will not fly any more with this airline. Unprofessional customer service. Feel ashamed to say its my country airlines
  Cuenca to Quito. Second flight cancelled in the space of a week after checking in at the airport. First one resulted in a 3 hour delay after rerouting from Guyaquil to Cuenca via Quito. This one is an 8 hour delay, leaving us no choice but to remain in Cuenca airport. Just an 8dollar lunch voucher offered as compensation. Staff were friendly but information given was haphazard. Seats on other flights have been old and ragged, food very poor. Would avoid if you can find another carrier.
I recently travelled to India on Turkmenistan Airlines. The food was horrible so I advise you to eat something beforehand. The seats were dirty and sweet wrappers were everywhere. There were TVs but they were rarely on. The crew cant speak English and you cant understand them.
  I was almost late for checking in, like 7 mins left. The staff of China Southern were very friendly and enthusiastic and assisted me to handle the luggage checkin matters and helped me to get through all the procedure that needed for Covid19 application. However, the cabin service should be enhanced, especially there are no socket and USBplot on the aircraft A380, and no pillows and earphones are provided, which are necessities for international flight. Meanwhile, the crew members should smile more when they work. Hopefully they can attach more importance on these aspects. 
  If you require to make any amendments ie. cancel ticket, change the dates  customer service will not pick up your phone call. After paying extra for a flexible ticket, Ive emailed and called about ticket refund for a month now, and no response. Online option for refund does not work. 
Flew domestic flights on Iran Air ShirazIsfahan IsfahanTehran. They were efficient punctual and polite and flights are very cheap. Tehran airport is a mess.
  Our flight from Cusco to Lima was cancelled without warning because of weather. It was lightly raining, and no other airlines were experiencing delays or cancellations. When pressed, the agent admitted additional restrictions are placed only on Peruvian Airlines by the government. Their airplanes are all over 25 years old, and they have experienced multiple accidents in recent years, which is likely why they are unable to fly when conditions are not optimal. The airline could not confirm when the next flight would be, refused to rebook us on another reputable airline, nor would they refund our ticket. The website also doesnt allow you to check in from a mobile device. Dont be caught by the low prices, this airline is a headache at best, and dangerous at worst.
 My original flight was scheduled for 23042021 at 7.50am from Chandigarh to Mumbai which got canceled. I was told I have the option of either a full refund or a free rescheduling for up to 4 days. I rescheduled to 27042021 for a 7.50am flight again. Seeing that this flight was getting canceled so often, I called GoAir yesterday 2642021. Upon asking the agent what would happen if the second flight got canceled too, I was told I will get the same options  a full refund or a free rescheduling up to 4 days. Well, to my surprise, my second flight got canceled again. So I called customer care again and now I am being told that either I have to pay a price difference or a cancellation fee. This is utter nonsense. The flight was canceled on your end due to your operational errors. I did not willingly cancel this flight. It is not on me to pay any fare differences or cancelation charges. Rather, I demand a compensation in addition to the full refund that I rightfully deserve. The compensation should take into consideration the fact that I have needed to reschedule my flight twice and it has already disrupted my trip. As well as the many hours I spent talking to your customer care agents. Your official clearly states that in case of a flight cancelation, GoAir will bear full responsibility for the cancelation and assist their customers with either a rebooking free of charge or a free cancellation and full refund. Your agent blatantly lied to my face about a new policy requiring me to pay a price difference or a cancellation fee. This is absolutely intolerable. You cannot cheat your customers in this manner. 
  Appalling treatment following cancelled flights and no customer service response. We travelled from London to Colombo over the Christmas period. We booked our tickets earlier in the year and paid a premium to fly back on Saturday 4 January and ensured the flights had one short stopover as we were travelling with 2 small children and 2 elderly grandparents. Oman cancelled part of our flight on the way over and put us on a 2 stopover flight which added an extra 6 hour delay to arrival time and inconvenience at the additional stopover in the Maldives. Oman cancelled the entire return journey on 4 January and the next available flight provided was on 7 January but did not inform us that was a 2 stopover flight! Despite paying a premium for a Saturday one stop flight and getting transferred onto a Tuesday 2 stop flight, no compensation has been accepted. The complaints service are non responsive and simply do no respond to a complaint. We will never be flying with Oman again!
  My baggage was lost. I tried calling for three days with no one answering the phones. I do not believe that your customer should have to keep calling to find out where their lost luggage is and when it will be delivered to them. That should be the companys priority. However, nobody called me or seemed to care about my lost baggage except for me. I finally got my bag after 9 days. I arrived for a two week stay in India. That is not acceptable service. I had no clothes or my medication for 9 straight days. I had no jacket or sweater for warmth at night. My entire 2week trip was ruined because of the stress and loss I suffered waiting for my bag and not receiving any communication from anyone at Saudia about it.
  Las Palmas to Tenerife. Not a great experience. The plane had SwiftAir livery even though it was CanaryFly flight. The plane was old and produced terrible noise during takeoff. I have flown the ATR 72 not once but it was only such experience. The airline had a free seating policy. It was OK as there were only 15 people in the plane capable of 70. The crew provided only water. 
  The previous flight out from LHR to BKK was ok, but this return flight from BKK to LHR was a step up. The staff were fantastic and attentive. A menu was provided and the food, in particular the duck with curry sauce was lovely. We got 2 meals. The cabin was dimmed after the meal to allow people to sleep  this daytime route is always tricky in that you end up effectively having a 31 hour day. The films werent particularly great although I found a couple to watch and there was nothing like live TV or sport which some airlines provide. Toilets were kept clean throughout the flight. The hard product was ok, full flat bed, it pays to understand the alternate arrangement of seats close together or wide apart in the middle pair and aisle or window biased on the single outer seats. Its not the best out there but it isnt the worst either. Pricing is relatively expensive at the moment. Id say the EVA hard product feels newer and fresher but the Thai Air staff work hard to level the field.
First I have to say that the delay at JFK was unacceptable because it could have been accounted for previously. The flight the night before arrived late and the crew needed their rest period and they could have planned this into the schedule because apparently it happens very regularly. The planes were very clean but were showing their wear. The seats seemed kind of loose which was especially bad when an out of control kid behind me was kicking. My seatback moved an inch every time he kicked. One good thing about the old seats is that they really recline. With my feet under the seat in front of me I was almost able to lie straight. They showed the same movie both directions which was a bunch of advertisements for places in the Cayman Islands. I didnt really watch it and it was totally unnecessary on the way back. There were no music channels or anything but who needs them that bad on a four hour flight. I was very happy to find out that there would be full meal service on board which is not something I have seen on such a short flight in a very long time. Our morning flight out included one breakfast option eggs croissant sausage and other sides and one lunch option which I chose turkey wrap fruit salad roll cheese and crackers and cake. I was surprised by the quality of the food. On the way back the choices were beef or chicken. I went for the chicken which had broccoli rice a roll and a strange coconut cookie. Everything was pretty good except the cookie. Some people got a rum cake for their dessert... I wasnt one of them. The flight attendants were friendly enough and they were usually at work. Unlike on domestic flights where they have nothing to do and hide in galley for 6 hours. The airport terminal in Grand Cayman is dilapidated but a new terminal is in the works so it wont be long.
  Tenerife to Bristol. Despite the weather we returned to our home airport just three hours late, one of about two planes to land in Bristol yesterday, and we were kept informed by staff from the moment we arrived at Tenerife South Airport. Credit where it is due, the pilot and cabin crew did an excellent job.
 Ive been travelling with my wife from Dubai to Istanbul and back, so I was surprised about the price which was for 2way ticket and checked the reviews regarding this airline, but I can assure that the price, service and inside aircraft are worth the price they are offering 100. I was fully satisfied by choosing this airline and the trip as well. Thank you!
  Berlin TXL to Frankfurt. Air Berlin has trouble with basic services and staff appears to be trained to deceive customer support requests. Flight AB6601 on 19 May cancelled without reason along with several other Air Berlin flights departing from Berlin TXL on that evening. No offer of compensation, no answers to calls, unfriendly and unhelpful staff at all counters. Due to the masses of people and the chaos at TXL at that time, checkedin baggage could not be reclaimed on that day. I had another flight in the morning next day from Frankfurt to Taiwan, which thanks to Lufthansa I was able to catch. My baggage is gone since even though I never even entered an Air Berlin plane but only checkedin. I cannot reach anybody at Air Berlin, emails remain unanswered. 
 Great cabin crew, awful Heathrow ground staff. On the outward journey from Bangkok to London, the cabin crew were wonderful totally professional and really helpful, but the ground staff at London Heathrow were shockingly bad on my return. The checkin staff were impatient and rude from the outset, telling me Move along the queue and stop wasting your time when I began to enter my details in the Eva Air online checkin machines provided for that purpose. My passport was scrutinised and refused because of a small tear on a blank page at the back of my passport.  The checkin manager ripped off the luggage tag from my bag when the decision had been made that I could not fly. This was unsmilingly delivered with no explanation, unnecessary and humiliating. This failure of Eva Air Heathrow ground staff will cost me approximately $1,200 to book a new flight. In spite of my very pleasant outward journey with Eva Air, I wont be travelling with this airline via London again. The London Heathrow staff made this a miserable experience for me.
  In case if You run into any problems with Finnair you will be met with absolute ignorance and absence if any help from management team. I was flying with combined ticket and because I missed my first boarding point  my flight was canceled. I successfully made it to the second boarding point 5 hours before the flight and Finnair refused to restore tickets although it wouldnt cost them any effort. I had paid for both tickets and had a place booked on the plane. It was absolutely impossible to reach their support on the phone or via email. I am extremely disappointed in Finnair as airline company because they have terrible customer service and dont care about the problems of their customers.
  Airline pretended Not to know about the airport strike on Feb 17th. But you have to take the flight from Munich to Madrid, otherwise you can not board in Madrid. We traveled on our own cost to Madrid to get the connection to Santo Domingo. Boarding was ridiculously ineffective and takes forever. On the way back differently but bad. Flight attendants were extremely unfriendly and rude to me on way back from Santo Domingo to Madrid on Feb 28th. Never again. Not even cheap!
  Flight from Antalya was late due to technical error and I asked to get off plane first because of timing for next flight we were sitting in last rows  something every decent company does and has understanding for when flight is delayed by the company. We had 30 minutes to get to next flight because of this delay. There was no understanding or help from flight attendants at all. In fact all I got was rude comments from them. Worst client service ever. I will never use this airline again. They act as if passengers are there for them and not the other way round. Planes are packed and no distance is provided, no disinfection on board, they are not taking any measures regarding Covid.
  Staff were semi friendly but not respectful to senior passengers, our luggage was man handled, one suitcase was damaged on the corner. My husband and I will never ever use local airlines again, you guys can actually go and learn from other countries about customer service and respect for the elderly, Zambian airlines crew have very friendly cabin crew and service.
  Akasa is removing whatever little dignity was left in low cost air travel despite not being so low cost. They will fret over every last kilogram in your luggage and make you transfer stuff around and between luggages just to harrass customers as it clearly serves no practical purpose. Terrible boarding and check in process! The staff is untrained, uncoordinated and clueless.
 Bristol to Orlando Sanford. We have been travelling to Florida for many years but have been using TUI exclusively over the last few visits for the following reasons. They use Orlando Sanford which our preferred airport to arrive and depart from due to its size and speed to travel through. The planes they use are relatively new against Virgin 747s Over 30 years old and BA 777 20 plus years old. Leg room is generous for economy. Flights are generally on time, with the last visit in September 2018, both flights pushed back early. The food is okay for airline fare, with plenty of drink runs by the crew. Overall we have been very happy with TUI and its predecessor Britannia and will probably look to book with them again on our next visit. Well done TUI.
I flew Air Tahiti Nui in December of 2015 from LAX going to eventual spot of Bora Bora. The flight was good and the airline was punctual. Food was decent and we were fed twice on the flight. Had entertainment to keep you busy in watching movies and the cabin crew was helpful.
  Kolkata to Bangkok. I have nothing but good things to say about Bhutan Airlines. Theyre a great ambassador for their country, even though I never set foot in Bhutan. I flew from Kolkata to Bangkok on an Airbus 319 in Economy bulkhead. Surprisingly, I had the row to myself. The plane was clean and colorful, decked out in Bhutanese red and gold in the interior, and the crew were in traditional Bhutanese outfits as well. Seats were comfortable, we were on time, and the flight was only about half full. There was a meal on this short hop featuring Bhutanese cuisine and it was truly outstandingone of the best economy class meals Ive had in years. Even the inflight magazine was superb, highlighting not just places to see and things to do in Bhutan, as well as spotlighting some of the more unusual aspects of their culture, such as women taking multiple husbands. Bottom line, it was not just a great transport experience on time, hassle free but an educational experience about their home country as well. I cant wait to take them all the way to Bhutan.
  Bengaluru to Denpasar via Kuala Lumpur. Such an awful operation., they never tell you what kind of baggage allowance you have during online reservation, let alone the amount of money they want to charge you at the counter for each kg of excess baggage which turned out to be almost $800 for 28 kilos combined between 2 travelers, even though we had attempted to pay the much smaller amount at web checkin 12 hours earlier when their own websites technical issues would not let it go through. And then they tell you to speak with a reservations person when there is clearly no one available in person or over the phone at the time of the flight. 
Sofia to Brussels Economy. Sofia Terminal 2 is new and empty checkin easy and friendly. Good price and only Euro 50 for an additional piece of luggage up to 20 kilos. No delay friendly new and clean plane OK seats free drinks including beer and wine free food but this one is basic tasteless sandwich and chemical waffle. So a good value as a whole. Problem is the small pitch you cannot even open your laptop to work.
  On time,  great plane almost new and the crew was fantastic. Good value for service. The only glitch that they keep making is the departure on remote stand and passengers being locked for 10 minutes on the bus
  Gothenburg to Munich. My flight was a Lufthansa flight operated by Air Dolomiti. I would say that Air Dolomiti makes a better job than the elder brother. The ground crew was helpful. Our flight delayed 35 minutes because of the weather conditions and we were informed by the cabin crew or by the pilot every 5 mins. They served a hand sanitizer napkin before the meal I only experienced this on intercontinental flights and the complementary meal service was the best I have ever got on a short haul flight a tasty sandwich with chocolate cookies, coffee and orange juice and wine. As final before the landing we got a jelly candy. The seat comfort and the cabin temperature were great, the cleanless is very satisfying. The cabin crew was kind and helpful, they got to know my next gate number because of my connection and the delay before the landing and they showed me the gate on a map. The flight was smooth in spite of the horrible weather conditions. Nice job Air Dolomiti! The best domestic airline in Europe!
  Stansted to Chiinu. Pros friendly and helpful staff, quick, easy checkin at airport, free hold baggage and generous cabin baggage, tasty  fresh complimentary food and wine onboard. All far better than I expected. Cons plane was over an hour late  although the staff were very apologetic. I think their timetables simply arent robust enough, dont have enough slack time, and airport turnaround not sufficiently efficient. Our flight was a late evening flight, and having looked at their flight history in general the earlier in the day the flight is, the more reliable it seems to be. Its also relatively expensive, but then theres not much competition on flights to Chiinu from London! Overall This is a decent, professional airline that looks after you well. But it has some scheduling issues to sort out to improve punctuality.
  Kuala Lumpur to Gold Coast return. The outgoing flight was okay, as a night flight there was nothing much to do but try to sleep. The return flight was a day flight which leaves OOL at 1035am. The crew on D7 201 from OOL to KUL on 6th July 2019 were the best airline crew I have ever encountered in about 40 years of flying! They were polite, pleasant, engaging and nothing seemed like too much trouble for them. I was just overwhelmed by their service and grace. Well done to Air Asia. The downside is that their seats are awful, they fit an extra seat into the A330 economy section which means 333 abreast instead of 242 in most other airlines. The seat width is terrible, aisles are very narrow but the seat pitch is okay. The food was good, plenty available for purchase on the way out but they seemed to run out of many things on the return flight to KL. The ground staff at KLIA2 are awful. The seem so ineffectual and when boarding, there was no announcement over the loudspeaker so everyone just got up to board, ignoring the families with kids and older people. They need to sort out their boarding procedures in KLIA2. The ground staff at OOL are a little brusque and in particular, a rude lady who was on the plane prior to departure. She snapped at passengers as the crew wanted to do a head count and some people were still standing to adjust their luggage in the overhead bins. I would fly them again just for the crew.
  Chaotic. Flight was first delayed an hour then the plane had broken down so we had to move planes and after being sat on the plane there was another 4 hour delay. This is very unprofessional and unorganized. This airline is terrible please never book a ticket to this airline.
 Recently flew Air China in firstclass from Beijing to London. The aircraft is quite new and the seats in first class felt comfortable sitting on. Although the seats are not suite like seats, still once you put up the partition wall up between you and the person next to you, there is privacy. The food was very average but the crew was pleasant. There were 3 pax onboard and 3 crew members were serving. There is nothing exciting to write home about Air Chinas first class, but I felt comfortable and relaxed throughout the flight and slept over 5 hours undisrupted.
  Antalya to Almaty. I write to commend staff on an exceptional level of service when I traveled with Air Astana on the 23 May. The service I had was a superb experience throughout the flight. I trust that you will pass on this recognition to the specific staff members from this flight.
We have been stuck in Moscow for some days now. Admittedly the weather crisis is not the airlines fault but the attitude of the staff at Moscow Airport is unacceptable. Some of the staff even had a smirk on their faces as if they were celebrating our misfortune. The others just didnt want to know. After 15 hours we were banished to a dirty hotel and the next day missed the bus back to the airport due to bad communication so we couldnt board the afternoon flight.
  I flew out of Copenhagen CPH to get back to Toronto on June 23rd, Thursday. My connecting flight was delayed, which happens. I arrived in Warsaw from CPH, and because of a tight connection my baggage did not make it to Toronto. There was another flight arriving 2 hours later to Toronto, so I wasnt too worried about my baggage, especially that I flew business class. But, long story short, my baggage did not arrive, has not arrived, and I have had no news, and no way of contacting anyone. They only provide you with a fax number to connect for lost baggage! When you look up lost luggage, there is a website where you enter your lost luggage reference number, but it just says still tracing. I know there are staff shortages, but this lack of communication is unacceptable. It has been 5days, and no word! I dont think I will ever fly LOT again. I do not recommend this airline to anyone after my experience.
 Johannesburg to Mauritius. Flying South African in coach is a flash back to the 80s. Food appetiser and main hot meal was good compared to other airlines on a 4 hour trip. The service was very nice, and the bar well stocked. The seat had a lot of legroom at least 33 for a person as tall as me 62. The only downside was the entertainment, small scratched screens.
  No nonsense and professional. Delayed several hours getting out of JFK, but once youre on its a comfortable, clean flight. The tint control on the windows of the Dreamliner aircraft kept the ambient light in the cabin nice and dim until the approach into the afternoon light of CDG. If you can manage to keep yourself occupied i.e. asleep andor entertained, its a quick slip across the pond.
Flew Business Class from PPT to LAX only 1 out of 5 planes is older and we had a new cabin. Seats comfortable food excellent service very good. Before Takeoff Captain came through the business class to great every guest personally. If I get the same service every time I would most definitely fly with them again. They are as good as some major Asian Airlines and Miles better than any US Airline I flew recently.
  Ground staff in BKK said go away and buy a ticket from another airline. Dont discuss with me, we send away 10 people every day because of this. We 4 people got rejected from boarding our Vietnam Airlines flight VN6800 because of operational problems. Thats not an issue as long as you get offered another solution. We were sent away impolitely with the words above. We had to buy 4 new expensive tickets from other airlines.
  Had the most unpleasant experience with checking in. There were three lines one for first class, one said main cabin and the third one for dropping the bags. We waited in the main cabin line for 30 minutes because the airline representatives were extremely slow. And when it was our turn to check in, we were asked to wait because there were people in the first class line. Apparently, first class passengers get a priority in the main cabin line as well. We tried to ask but Hawaiian representatives very surprisingly rude. Ive never had such experience with airlines in USA. Will never use them again.
  I checked in for my flight electronically for my flight on Wednesday, Nov 30th. I arrived 3 hours early at Entebbe airport. I was told the flight was not checking in passengers yet so I waited in the waiting room. My flight appeared on the screen of flights but two hours passed and it still said on time instead of check in. At this point, I get worried and went through check in any way in case there was a problem with the screen and it never changed. I went into the airport and could not find anyone from Uganda Airlines to check my baggage. I asked and some employees say I had to wait. I waited for 30 minutes until I get scared something is wrong and I was going to miss the flight. I was told to leave the airport and go to the UA office to ask what was happening. Once I got there, the employee told me my flight was moved to Friday Dec 2nd. I did not receive any notification with this information! I was allowed to check in on Wednesday! The screen in the airport had the flight there and it said on time. I had nowhere to go, I was not offered accommodation for those two nights. I had no cash on me. It was a terrible experience. I spent 6 hours at the airport wasting my time  3 waiting for the flight and another 3 trying to figure out what to do. I was crying in the airport and booked somewhere to stay until Wednesday, having to spend a significant amount on accommodations and food for those days. I remember a lot of months ago when I was choosing between this airline and another and I picked this one because it was cheaper. In the end, it ended up being more expensive and one of the worst days of my life.
  Medelln to Cartagena. An airline that provides the worst service when you have any kind of issue with your booking. They charged 30EUR to change a passenger name which was just wrongly entered. And the worst it is that call centre  email customer service say and recommend different things. When the email service replies, it is unclear what is done or not. Overall, unfriendly people except 1 person that actually tried to help me  made clear statements.
Very good considering the fares. I even wonder when they serve drinks on a 50 minutes flight Seoul  Pusan. Id rather have a cheaper ticket.
  The worst airline i booked with ever, it is not comfortable and I booked flight from DelhiSharjahAmman. Delay happened in Delhi but i arrived Sharjah 15 min before departure of Amman flight and it is same airline so they should wait for 10 min. Instead, Air Arabia employee took my ticket and change my flight to another flight after 6 hours and gave lunch and Breakfast vouchers which means nothing for me. I dont recommend this airline to anyone.
  Yesterday I had a pleasant experience from Horizon two airline employees on the Horizon air turboprop that I flew from Missoula to Seatac. I had a very short connection time to board an Alaska air flight to Charleston, SC. I flew this same itinerary MSO to SeaTac to CHS last year and because of airport construction and a long distance between two terminals I nearly missed my flight. With this in mind I told the flight attendant named Kyle that I would need someone to help me get to the right terminal in time to make the flight. I was quite anxious about it. Kyle told me that the first officer agreed to escort me to the terminal as she had a three hour layover. She not only made a smooth and soft landing with the plane but she also walked with me all the way to the plane I was to board. Please let first officer Emilee know that she went above and beyond her job description. She is a lovely person and goes out of her way to increase her customers comfort level. I consider it a blessing to have walked beside first officer Emilee.
  The flight I booked was cancelled as a result of Covid. I requested a refund which was rejected by Air Transat, instead they offered a credit for future travel. I spend my winters in Mexico and Air Transat is no longer flying to Mexico, a credit is useless to me. I only fly to Mexico.
 London Stansted to Larnaca. When we booked this flight with a new airline having seen an advert on social media, we were slightly unsure of what to expect. However we were very surprised as to the level of service on board. We flew on a Small PlanetGrand Cruz aircraft, which I assume Cobalt are using as a stop gap. The cabin crew seemed to be a joint team of Small Planet and Cobalt crew. The cabin service was first class. We purchased food and drink on board and the prices were normal high street prices. The food tasty fresh and inflight announcements were clear, I know the airline is new but a suggestion is please can there be an inflight price list in the seat pocket? Even if it is a typed laminated sheet. Prior to the flight we were unsure about the catering on the flight and if internet was available so we sent and email and received a reply within 30 minutes. I had problems when I used the online check in and again on calling, the airline was friendly and professional. The downside to the flight which was beyond the airlines control was the chaos caused by the ground handling at Stansted Airport.
  The passenger experience has worsened beyond imagination. Even though I was being seated in Business, had little expectation for Asianas product as their fleet is aging without much refurbishment, but now it seems that the flight crew is losing it. They forgot to serve my bread until the end of the meal in Business Class.
My wife and I traveled to Phuket in September 2015. After travelling for over 24 hours we arrived in Singapore to find that Jetstar Asia had cancelled our flight from Singapore to Phuket for no apparent reason. We had to purchase new tickets at more than double the original cost. After returning home we have been trying to get refunds for these flights that we paid for twice. Jetstar Asia has largely ignored our requests for months now. Their customer service has been absolutely terrible and I would recommend that you avoid using this airline.
  Ljubljana to Split via Belgrade. 50 euros baggage fee for 1 checked 10 kg bag was excessive. Also, my last 3 messages to their Facebook page about my flight were never replied to. One part of my flight was 25 minutes late, no explanation.
 I had intercontinental flight from Montreal to Paris. Crew only sometimes gave communication in English, mostly in French which not everybody speaks. Accept that, there is a problem with their website I couldnt the download boarding pass or send it to my email. In aeroplane touchscreen doesnt work.
  Casablanca to Lisbon. I found this airline to be much better than expected. well cleaned aircraft, friendly flight attendants. On schedule too. Very comfortable seats. They sould increase their flights to Portugal. 
  Unethical staff. Very bad services, I have spend an hour on checked in. They keep asking my visa, I am Malaysia Passport holder which is electronically approved at Dubai airport and no need to be stamped. I worked in Dubai since early the year and i have showed my employment history. After an hour, they checked in my bag. At the departure, suddenly i was not allowed to board the flight because no return ticket The staff insist me to buy a ticket to Malaysia? Why i need to do it since i worked at Dubai?! They scammed me to buy a ticket and prevent me from board in. They left me with me trying to retrieve back my bags.
  My wife and I booked a trip on Expedia. The rate for economy class seemed acceptable although it restricted us to a single carryon of no more than 8 kilos. At the airport duty free we bought some items and when tried to board we were told that we had to pay 60 extra euros for the duty free bag. When we tried to put the contents into our carryon they told us that we would still have to pay the 60 euros since our bags would be above the 8 kilos allowed. In the end we had to pay or lose our flight. 
Had two flights booked. BONCUR was late but got us there. The other one CURAUA was delayed 4 hrs should leave at 18.30 but was scheduled to leave at 22.30 because of that I lost my flight back home and had to buy tickets from Avianca at the last moment. Their aircrafts are not reliable safety instructions are poorly conducted and the crew amateur at best.
Flight from Barbados to Grenada repeatedly delayed for 10 hours and cancelled at 1.30am. Told we could not be guaranteed a seat on flight the next day. Put in a hotel overnight. No complimentary refreshments offered at any time. I eventually got on a delayed flight the following afternoon after arguing at the checkin desk. On arrival I discovered my luggage had not made it on to the flight due to the plane being overweight. My luggage eventually arrived 2 days later. Minimal communication from staff and customer service was nonexistent. My return flight was also delayed and as a result I almost missed my connecting flight home. I will never use LIAT again.
 Flight XY 213 experienced a delay of two hours, during which no representatives from the airline were present to communicate the underlying causes for the delay. The notice regarding the departure alteration was disseminated at 6pm, thereby dissociating the delay from any issues pertaining to the aircrafts late arrival. Evidently, the crews lack of transparency resulted in personal discomfort and undermined my confidence in the airline. Furthermore, it is noteworthy to mention that when attempting to provide feedback via the survey, the response failed to be recorded. This occurrence not only proved highly frustrating but also fell short of acceptable standards. Overall, the combination of the delayed flight, the absence of staff communication, and the inability to register my feedback has greatly disappointed me, eroding my trust in the airline.
  Worst flying experience I have had.  Hand luggage was weighed prior to boarding, and a lot of hand luggage was checkedin right before boarding. There was no air conditioning in the flight until 30 minutes after takeoff. Even after that the entire flight was very warm. No COVID protocol was followed on board with most passengers wearing masks under their noses and some not wearing one at all. Our checked baggage did not arrive in Kigali. Waited for 3 hours to enter the airport and collect my luggage when the next flight arrived 2 days later, and missed work because of this. Never flying with RwandAir again.
Taipei TSA to Makung and then Makung to Kaohsiung. Taipei to Makung served by A321. Checkin was very smooth and there was no queue. Agent was extremely friendly and helpful. A lot of boarding calls far too many in the departure halls. Plane was spotless and comfortable with generous leg room. They served drinks for this very short flight 40 minutes and a choice of newspapers. Service was very efficient with a smile  much better than most of the international long haul flights nowadays. Crew were very well groomed. Makung to Kaohsiung on an ART 72. Checkin agent again very efficient and friendly. Very old plane and has started to show its age. However still good leg room and very high standard of service. A drink and newspaper were served. Crew again provided first class service to all passengers.
  Theyre so inefficient with their check in even airport security and marshalls were joking about it. The queue to get checked in was so long as the staff never pitched. The long queue disrupted other airlines from checking their customers through. I will avoid this airline. I booked British Airways, but they seem to codeshare with  Aer Lingus.
  We cancelled our flight tickets because of Covid and the increasing numbers in Belize 2 months in advance of our trip. The airline would only offer usage of our tickets for a 2 year period rather than fully refunding the ticket price. I can understand this for a late cancellation but not in this situation. Thieves!
  New York to London via Casablanca. Royal Air Maroc have really made huge improvements. I just had a wonderful flight from New York to Casablanca. The plane was brand new, with a gorgeous interior. The seats in business were comfortable and lieflat. Great crew, too  very lovely and proud of their company. Food was good and plentiful. The flight from Casablanca to London was on an older plane. The interior was a little beaten up, but still a lovely crew. Casablanca was an easy airport to transfer  although the airport is old and not very nice.
 An excellent trip. On time departure from LHR then 3 hours in the lounge at Schiphol. We boarded on time but took off 90 minutes late due to delays loading the aircraft. Onboard, the seats are great, roomy and comfy. The IFE has more than enough choices for a 12 hour flight and even a free WiFi connection for a limited time. The food was very tasty, some of the best Ive had in the air. Finally the crew were excellent, efficient while still being amicable and chatty. After taking off 90 minutes late we were only about 20 minutes late arriving in Lima.
  Really happy with experience  friendly employees, the interior of planes looked recently updated, happy to avoid Pearson and fly through Toronto Island  brand new looking airport with good amenities. Price was great, too. Would definitely fly again.
  ITA Airways is actually worse than Alitalia which is saying a lot. I know from experience as a frequent flyer on Alitalia over the last 20 years. My ITA flight was cancelled and rescheduled several hours later allowing me to be in Milan for 1 hour before returning on a business day trip. When contacted for a refund as the ticket was completely useless, the airline placed me on hold for 30 minutes only to come back saying they could not refund me as I purchased my ticket in the Netherlands. This is absurd as it was purchased directly from their website. I was given a number to call in the NL, which did not exist. When I called back, another 30 minute wait, I was told to write a complaint to an email address, that did not exist and came back to me undeliverable. I managed to find the proper complaints and refunds email addresses on their website and explained my situation. I received a reply 5 days later telling me to call the very same customer service number I had already spoken with. Truly the most insane runaround I have ever experienced with an airline. The worst and most ill informed customer service possible. Astounding that absolutely no one would help me, address my request or even care to rectify the situation. I was passed along from person to person who had absolutely no intention of helping me. My ticket was cancelled and not refunded by ITA airways. Be warned, ITA Airways is an appalling company and should be avoided at all costs.
  Ashgabat to Birmingham. This was a last minute booking due to a business meeting back in the UK. The best way to describe the airline is Disorganised. Ground staff are surly and dont appear to know what is going on and the flight crew are not a lot better. I flew on a 737 which was worn and dirty. Only 4 fare paying passengers in Business Class with 2 flight attendants but almost impossible to get their attention. There were however another complete crew flying in Business to fly the plane back. Ignorant and arrogant is the only way to describe them. Food inedible. No alcohol. No inflight entertainment. Crew constantly going to the toilet to smoke. Cockpit door left open with the Pilot and Co Pilot smoking. When we landed the 2 flight attendants werent even strapped into their seats. No pre landing checks made. I am amazed that this airline is allowed into UK airspace. 
  This is an update on my previous review regarding the Perth  Singapore  Ho Chi Minh Sector Scoot TR9. I neglected to mention that as this flight was delayed by three hours, Scoot gave us two meal vouchers valued at $15.00 each which could only be redeemed at a certain airport store. For the Total of AUD $30 we received two stale egg and lettuce sandwiches and two cheese and crackers, there were no hot options.. Mid flight they gave us some type of childs snacktoy pack. Hardly a decent evening meal and the onboard gift I think was to rub salt into the wounds.
  Flight cancelled but not told about it until I showed up at the airport even though they had my cell number and email address. I was sent to a very long ground service line staffed by one person. Despite holding a business class ticket out of Delgada to Boston, I was only given the option to fly middle row economy in the back of the plane on a United flight through Newark 25 hrs after my original booking getting in to Boston 30hrs later than my original ticket. They put me up in the 69 euro night airport hotel in Porto for 24hrs. Despite asking, no compensation for the difference in price of the business class ticket. I paid an additional $244 to United to upgrade the seat to economy plus as I am very tall and find United economy seats painfully short of leg room.
Quito to Galapagos with LAN Airlines. Excellent service throughout. Had never encountered this airline before but would recommend highly. Lovely staff with excellent English and nice snacks. Both Quito and Galapagos airports are nice indeed, with easy check in and plenty of space. Aircraft seats are leather and comfortable.
  After more than three flights both internally and internationally that have been delayed significantly with Tunis Air, I warn about the perils of flying with this airline. Unfortunately, there is very little accountability or care to the needs of customers and it has become normal to experience delays without receiving any or very little information. I have had flights delayed between 2 to 8 hours and have come to expect delays all the time. Its painful and frustrating each time. I dont understand how this airline remains in business with such poor punctuality record and customer service. Sadly, theres very little competition thus it continues to trap customers. If you have no choice but to take Tunis Air, just plan for delays and dont plan connecting flights without a significant amount of time previewed for delays. Avoid if possible!
  Flew Nok Air from Udon Thani to Bangkok. The cabin crew were extremely cheerful and friendly. On top of that, I was served a small package of snacks with water but they were not enough, I had to order some local Thai foodstir fried noodle. Food was great and beyond my expectations. The entertainment is still considered pretty poor  no personal TV but I do understand since its a short haul with B737. Overall, I would highly recommend thanks to their lovely ground staff and crew.
 New Aircraft. Excellent Service. Comfortable LieFlat Seats. Spacious. Highly Recommended. Service was fine, nothing to write home about. Lounge was also fine, nothing exceptional. The aircraft and comfort were impeccable.
  Individual experiences and preferences can vary, but for me Saudi Arabian Airlines are really trying in terms of customer service, inflight care. Seat spacing for me its the best. Ill rate them high and will recommend them to anyone flying their route.
  Was on my way back from Istanbul to Berlin, only to get denied boarding at the last minute with a group of some other passengers. The reason you need to present a PCR test to fly to Germany with Pegasus specifically. The test was not required by German officials we all called and even double checked with the health ministry. We were not even informed about this by the airline when we bought the ticket. We of course got several commercial emails to buy additional services but nothing about a required test. The staff were terribly unprofessional and unhelpful. Some even rude. We were there confused for hours trying to figure out what should we do. They took our passports! and disappeared for at least 1 hour leaving us confused in the international area of the airport. First saying we could book another flight, and then after wasting 4 hours of our time arguing with several incompetent employees who barely spoke English, turned out we had to reenter the country, buy new tickets, do an unnecessary corona test, book a hotel for a night and return to Germany the next day. Terrible experience.
London Gatwick to Ljubljana and Ljubljana to Vienna in Business Class. Delayed slightly at Gatwick but that happens. Otherwise very good flights. Cabin crew friendly and welcoming ensuring that you were okay  without being too pushy and forward. Short flights and light mealssnacks served.
  Gatwick to Guernsey on an ATR 72. This is a small plane, very small. So small in fact I banged my head upon entering the cabin. Im 6ft tall and couldnt stand upright, seating was okish, the seat was comfortable enough but legroom was very restricted. Cabin crew were friendly enough and the flight was fairly short, around 45 minutes. Guernsey to Gatwick on an Embraer 195. This is a bigger aircraft, legroom was a little better but the seat was considerably more uncomfortable. Cabin crew were a little surly and again the flight was short, 30 mins, and uneventful. Aurigny, I believe, are the only airline that flies to Guernsey from the UK, so having a monopoly they arent too concerned with customer service. BA, to my surprise, gave complimentary hot drinks and a breakfast bar on their Belfast city  Heathrow route. Aurigny charge £2.50 for a small cup of basic teacoffee and if you want a breakfast bar or muffin with that the price rises to £3.50. Now consider that my BA ticket cost less than Aurigny. If another airline starts flying to Guernsey then they might start giving out complimentary hot drinks, until then they will continue to gouge the customer.
June 2014  we booked tickets in April for our flight on Saturday June 21. We got an email the night before our flight that the flight had been cancelled and would depart on Sunday instead. When we arrived at Miami airport to check in on Sunday the agent said we never fly to Aruba on Saturdays! That flight ended up being 3 hours late leaving Miami. To make it worse our return flight messed up our luggage and took it to the wrong terminal and it all had to be searched by customs again. We sat in Miami airport for 5 hours after arriving to get our luggage. When we asked for information or what was being done no one could tell us! The plane was dirty and shabby. The worst airline experience.
EWRORY return Biz seats. Better than expected. Isnt up to BA flat bed filet mignon and Terraces lounges but for $750 one way quite nice. Checkin swift and pleasant. EWR lounge comfy decent drinks and snacks. Seat reclined nicely and plenty of room for our average sized bodies. Plane clean and in good shape. Food better than decent  much better than any US Majors. Nice wines generously given. FAs pleasant and helpful. Amenity pack okay but who cares? Didnt bother with AVOD. Disembarking quick and easy. ORY convenient as we got car and headed south right away. Everything on return flight at least as good maybe somewhat better food and nicer lounge.
Moscow to Hurghada Monastir and Antalya. All flights were on B747 old ones but well maintained. No delays smooth and efficient checkin. Business Class Lounge in Domodedovo was pretty comfortable. Seats were huge as the aircrafts were previously with some Japanese airlines they kept what was First Class and offer it as Business. Cabin crew were courteous and efficient. Meal was excellent generous portions with a good selection but the main thing was the quality of food was of a high standard.
  Unfortunately Avianca is the only airline at the moment flying from London to Colombia direct. The fares are expensive due to having the monopoly of this route. Noticed since the visa requirement for Colombians entering the UK was relaxed they increased the price. The food was really bad both ways and served cold. The USB port was broken and the toilet seat would not stay up. On board they are still enforcing wearing masks when the bulk of the airlines stopped. I really do hope another airline flies to Colombia direct from the UK.
  New York to Shanghai in economy class. I flew during COVID19. I went with my baby, twomonth old. Everything was so horrible. I will not say that much since it is a public review, but it was so horrible. I would rate a minus for this flight worse flight that I have had! JFKPVG COVID19    
  Due to the pandemic, I have been unable to fly with this airline as of yet. My entire experience with this airline and their service dealing with pandemic related issues was the most frustrating and financially costly experience I have ever had with any airline. My family bought tickets to fly out during the spring of 2020, which for obvious reasons fell through. Over the course of the following two years, we pursued every possible avenue to receive a refund for those tickets as we were either unable to fly due to pandemic restrictions in the US and New Zealand, or in the case of this year, members of my family became financially incapable of travel. Even though we reached out many times to make our case for getting out money back so we could travel when everything was safe and we were all financially stable again, the airline refused to budge on the issue. I ended up having to call in to their service line to personally address the issue rather than approach it through emails. Even after years of dealing with our tickets being held up in purgatory and our financial situation getting worse, the final nail in the coffin came today as I received a $175 phone charge for the 44 minutes I had to be on the phone to get half of my familys money back. After years of dealing with this airline, they only chose to refund us a little less than half of the money that we had to contribute, and only because that was the money we were forced to pay in order to maintain our tickets the last time the cost went up. We still have thousands of dollars held up in tickets we may never be able to use. Always get fully refundable tickets from this airline, do not accept their Disney dollars, and do not give them the opportunity to screw you. They do not care about their customers, and after I take this flight some time in the next few years, whenever my family is financially able to, I will never fly with them again. If they would have refunded us the first few times we tried, I would happily fly with them again, but their terrible customer service and lack of respect for the situations many of their passengers find themselves in during these uncertain times leaves me furious and defeated. I hope to never have to deal with this airline ever again, and I am not looking forward to flying with them for my mandatory trip to get rid of my points that I cannot get back.
 Minneapolis to Tampa. Canceled our flight home on a Sunday, zero flights available, scramble to find hotel, had to rent a different car, 6 people unable to work on Monday, Monday boarded plane noticed the extra heat aboard as we were in Florida. Sat in this junk pile with no AC for 30 minutes then pulled out to the runway area to cook for another 15, once in the air still no AC just what seemed to be hot breath blowing. The one crew said Ill go turn it on, but didnt really do anything. 010. Fly a different airline.
 I thoroughly enjoyed my flight from Melbourne to Dubai with Royal Brunei Airlines. The service was impeccable, food was delicious and the cabin was surprisingly very comfortable for economy class. I was also impressed by the dimming tinted windows. I was under the impression that we were flying through the night as they were dimmed. Once I automatically untinted the window, I realised that we were actually flying through daylight. Overall, it was an enjoyable flight.
7th August LHR to Tunis airport 1 hour delay. No entertainment cabin crew were horrible no smile etc. Returned on 14th August Tunis Carthage airport to LHR. Departure time was 11.50. Went to checkin told delayed to 13.00 then 14.30 then finally we flew at 15.30. While we were seated at the airport a bottle of water and a cheap roll was given it was tasteless. When we finally onboard there were no announcements made in English. Again cabin crew were rude and food given in the plane was rubbish. We touched down at LHR at 18.35. I will never fly with this airline again.
  Very inconvenient, lack of efficient communication. Buddha air should value their customers and theirs time. I had multiple travels last month all of those flights were 12 hours late. It would be helpful if they can announce incase of those scenarios for elderly customers.
  Cairo to Sharjah was delayed more than an hour. From Sharjah to Dhaka was delayed more than an hour too. No internet, no screen in front. There was food services from Cairo to Sharjah but no food from Sharjah to Dhaka almost 5 hours food had to be purchased by cash UAE dirhams. Very rude ground staff in Cairo, Sharjah, Dhaka. They do not consider that everyone pays for hisher own trip, so every passenger is must be valued customer for the airline. I will never travel by this airline next time for sure.
 I cannot fault this flight  a short hop from Manila to Boracay. Its only a 45 minute flight, we left on time and arrived early. Like many budget airlines, Air Asia doesnt offer major luxury or anything, but for the price paid, for the punctuality, the polite cabin crew, I was very happy. I travelled with my partner in seats 6A and 6B, and being at the front we were very comfortable and able to disembark quickly.
  Arrived with excess time, boarding was called and everyone rushed and got in line. A bunch of people had priority but there was no designated lane for priority nor was there anyone working aside from the gate to ask where to go. Some people waited in the spot that the sign said for priority but they were ignored. So they pushed past the line of everyone else and the gate agent helped them next. Which meant the rest of us with priority were left wondering if we should do the same? Chances are half of us had priority and it would feel fair to cut in line because of that. When I asked about where priority was supposed to have been as I was boarding, the lady just shrugged with an exasperated look. It was the most clown show boarding Ive ever seen. Luckily there was still overhead space but I imagine many priority passengers had a hard time finding space. It shouldnt be hard to make an announcement to explain what to do. Good news is the plane departed on time, shockingly but it was still an overpriced 1 hour direct flight at almost $150 with one carryon and a personal item.
  Most uncomfortable seats, which barely lean back. Bare minimum everything  no wifi, no inflight entertainment. Everything costs something soda, snacks, etc. They cancelled flights less than a month out because they changed their routes and neglected to alert anyone to this effect. Excuse of an airline.
  Highly recommend. EasyJet went above and beyond. We had to emergency land in Munich due to sick passenger on the way back from Sharm to Bristol. EasyJet put nearly 300 of us up in a hotel, arranged taxis and paid for our food all day. The only thing we need to claim is taxi fare, every thing else was paid for. They went above and beyond for a budget airline and didnt leave us stranded like lots of bigger named airlines. I cant thank them enough. Staff also went above and beyond. 5 stars to easyJet.
  My 1145 am flight from Coxs Bazar to Dhaka got rescheduled twice at 230 pm. Then, I went to check with Regent boarding desk at 215 pm to know that the flight has completed boarding at Dhaka only. Which means the flight from CXB is not taking off before 330 or 4 pm. This made me look at Regent Airways customer reviews and holy shit the review page didnt have a single good customer review! A strong indicator that Regent Airways Management doesnt prioritize anything between their flight timing, customer service, and overall flying experience. Not taking another Regent flight again, and suggesting the same to my family and friends unless the service improves!
  Our Agency booked the whole package to Las Vegas flying with Swoop. Our flight was Dec 10 to Dec 15. When we were about to check in on Dec 9 on SWOOP website. It says our flight has changed to Dec 12 to 14. We already had everything booked and paid for including our hotel and activities. Swoop just changed our flights without any notice! Dec 1214? So they expect us to fly there and come back in one day? How ridiculous is that? When we tried to contact SWOOP by phone, theres no one there to pick up the phone. Theres no email to contact. The only way is through Messenger and after waited for a long time and repeated myself 5 times, they finally got back to me and told me to just cancel the flight. Now I have to cancel everything and some of the activities have no refund. And hotel cancellation has to be at least 48 hours or no refund. Swoop totally screwed us over. Ruined our trip and cost us a lot of money! 
Traveled Lao Airlines from Bangkok to Vientiane on Oct 18, 2015. Disappointed that the aircraft was ATR instead of Boeing.  The seat belt lights came on and we were about to land, the cabin crew were seated as announced by the Captain but they did not stop two passengers from using the toilets. I will probably try not to take this airline if I have another choice.
JFKGRULHR. Unable to get on any US carrier out or BA back I had no choice but to go TAM. Id flown previously with them within Latin America and hoped things would be better long haul. Now Oneworld they have a lot to do to meet that standard. At JFK they didnt recognise my Emerald status. Eventually got into the right American lounge usual there. The plane boarded very late. But with no announcements so 90 mins at the gate standing. Queues were chaotic. Lots of staff ignoring passengers. On board got champagne just as well as we waited a further 50mins to take off. They held the flight for two very late passengers in Business class. Surprised me until when they arrived it was obvious that they were off duty crew! Seats are very poor. Not only do they go nowhere near 180 degrees but they are far from flat. Extremely uncomfortable. If you end up in the middle seat of three you are in for a very bad flight indeed. AVOD screen large but they should have spent the money on seats. Food mediocre. GRU the usual chaos on landing late. On the London leg the lounge at GRU is appalling. Nowhere near enough seats for everyone few sockets for chargers. Many people standing like it was a bar. Too hot. Drinks selection OK. Boarded late again after a lengthy wait standing. On board experience similar. I fly long haul 50 times per year. Ok I am careful about which airlines I use but this as bad a Business Class long haul experience as I have had. TAM not a patch on LAN. Avoid if you can.
  I purchase the $101 hour WiFi to write this review. I flew from Phoenix to Toronto and it was tolerable with the right positioning  the flight from Toronto to Amsterdam is absolutely horrific. The seats are narrow, Im currently squeezed between the wall and the guy in the middle seat and our thighs still touch. Neither of us can get comfortable enough to sleep. I wish I would have spent the extra $100200 booking with another airline. These seats are making this trip miserable so far.
 Flew from Kuala Lumpur to Singapore. Never ever fly with Jetstar. Due to connection flight timing I have had to fly Jetstar 6 times within the past 6 months and I regret my decision every single time. Leg room, cramped. Departure, late 66 times. Service, sub par. Regardless of price, it is just not worth the headache. It is understandable that an airlines flight is late here and there, but every single time is just absurd. Please, do yourself a favour and never fly with Jetstar Asia.
  It was a 48 hour trip. Our flight got cancelled in one of the connections, FCOCDGMEXPVR, in Paris. We overnight there. Then, the next day, the flight was cancelled again and I was lucky to get on the next available flight. Arrive in Mexico City MEX, late and missed my connection to PVR. One more night at a hotel. The following day I flew to PVR in economy class because business class was full. Arrived in PVR but my luggage did not. It arrived 2 days later. My review is not about the delays but the bad service of Aeromexico crew and ground service. Aeromexico flight attendants are cut and dry sort of unfriendly. They are not rude but they seem that they are not happy doing what they do. During the flight, some of the pursers talk too much. I like to have 1J seat and I constantly hear they chit chatting among themselves. Another annoying factor is that as a typical Mexican Airline, they love sponsors.  Ground personal, are the worst. They seem all so unhappy that I try to do my check in at home and not face them. Watch out, if you have a problem, then you are in trouble. Seldom they find solutions but try to make it more difficult for you.  If you are going to connect in Mexico City Airport, do yourself a favor, choose the fastest connecting flight, I think it is one of the worst airports I have been and dont rely on Aeromexico Lounge. It is a lounge for anyone that pays a fee to get in. It is uncomfortable, crowed, noise and there is seldom any food to eat. If you are a frequent flyer with AM, you probably already realized that their mileage programe is a hoax. If you want to exchange for a business class ticket they ask in a RT trip in some cases almost 1 million points. In economy if you are luck with 300,000 points. Do you know how long you will take to accrue that many miles? Aeromexico rips you off and gives bad service. I fly 3 to 4 times a year to Europe alone and I barely have 300,000 miles plus some transferred from my Amex.
 The departure from HIA airport was very smooth, I had an 4kg extra in my suitcase and they were okay with it they didnt charge anything. The cabin crew wasnt that friendly, I asked them to bring me beverages more and they never bring it,  The touch screen at my seat wasnt working. 
  Buenos Aires to Iguazu. Our flight was cancelled 20 minutes before departure time no planes available! After standing in line for hours the airline just reimbursed our airfare. No other flights were offered and no hotel or food vouchers either. We were few lucky ones who flew out on another airline at $1,000 extra cost for a one hour flight. Our ticket was part of a package. I would avoid this airline at all costs in future.
  Bangkok to Jakarta. The booking process with their website was a nightmare, attempt to put my KE frequent flyer number were rejected, choosing special meal was hard. The food serve for an evening flight was a lunch portion, however tasted pretty good. Bangkok check in queue took hours and arrival was confusing even at their best hub at CGK Terminal 3. The cabin interior was overdue for an upgrade, however legroom was great.
  Shanghai to Kuala Lumpur. My flight is in December and they change the flight early and we dont have enough time to connect. Expedia and myself have been try to contact them for the past week and nobody pick up the phone. They have the worst customer service and if possible do not fly on Shanghai Airlines. I am still waiting for them to answer their phone.
  Bloemfontein to Johannesburg. My original flight was booked for 1530. Arrive at the airport to be told that flight has been canceled, you are now on the 1725 flight. If that was not enough of an inconvenience, that 1725 flight is delayed till 2050! We have been given no information, reason, apologies whatsoever. I was told by one ground staff that you dont have enough planes that can fly so you have to rotate them!  Why do you sell tickets on flights that you can not provide? Shocking service SA Express. Would never fly with you if I had a choice.
  We are foreigners and kind of used to people trying to rob us in Peru just because we are tourists but this was too much and we got really mad. Sky Airline charged us for our backpacks which are 10kg and 15kg. They charged us $36 per backpack even though we said one of them is a carry on and fit the carry on sizes. It says $12 baggage fee online but the truth is $18 when you want to add it on their website. I asked the man if we still can buy online at the counter and he said no. But we would have and should have. I dont recommend!
Amsterdam  Orlando Economy class In addition to be seated in very narrow seats we got the seat in row 40 next to the lavatories. The seat back could therefore not be moved in any backwards positions. The food was very simple. Orlando  Amsterdam we upgraded to comfort class. Much better seats. Same cheap simple food. The drinks for the food was served 30 minutes after we received warm dinner. The food was cold when we finally got something to drink.
  Brussels to Barcelona. The A319 was a former Air Berlin aircraft with an Air Berlin interior and a Eurowings exterior. I sat on the second row and seating was really cramped preventing me from hardly moving my legs. Where in the past SN still handed out a refreshing towel and a bottle of water at departure to business class passengers nothing was handed out anymore. The complimentary meal offered was a disappointing salad in a plastic container consisting mainly of salad with a few small chucks of chicken and dressing. Luckily champagne was still available on request although not a premium brand the Duval Leroy champagne served is good its the same Swiss serve on their business class. A small box of Belgian chocolates was handed out as well. The crew was nice and friendly but this has to be obvious when serving business class passengers. Overall the service of European business class just seems to go downhill with cramped seating an rather appalling food. For the price paid this is absolutely not value for money.
  FRAMXP and LINFRA in December. Two uneventful onehour flights. Planes are clean and in a good condition, but service level is minimal. A bottle of water and a piece of chocolate is all you get. No further drinks or snacks available, not even for purchase! I was looking forward to get a coffee in the morning but was disappointed. Crew gave out water and chocolate, then disappeared. WIFI didnt work on both flights and Inflight Magazine is gone. Fares are high, service is low, thats Lufthansa now. Nevertheless recommended because of their reliability.
Flight and service okay but seats in AVRO R85 are very narrow and although legroom for a small plane is acceptable very uncomfortable.
  Milan to Tirana. Scammed and held at ransom for new tickets.  I cannot believe we have been cheated out of new tickets at the checking in desk. No middle name no boarding. We fly very often and cant remember last time middle name was required. I fully believe this is unfair to make more revenue from already paying customers. The airline was fined in 2019 by the Italian Competition Authority for this ery issue. It is impossible to get through to the complaint department if there is one. You have to write a letter and send to Italy. Cannot call or email. Avoid if you can, or at least dont forget middle name. Wizz Air, BA better choice.
PEKFNJ FNJSHE. Beijing to Pyongyang on Tupolev 154 very old plane revolutionary marching music played before take off and before landing. Attentive service meal on 1.5 hour flight  food a little processed but edible. Return to Shenyang on Ilyushin IL18  by far the oldest plane have flown on and was very happy to land! Food was a sandwich containing undentified meat but quite tasty. Both flights unique and a great way to startfinish a trip to North Korea.
I had two short hops between IEV and DOK. Planes brand new ATR. Seat pitch is so so no recline. Overall comfort level was ok. They served a snack which looked uninspiring so I skipped it. The free bar service only consisted of soft drinks. Flights out and back were on time. Considering very reasonable ticket prices will use again for flights up to 2 hours long.
IOMNCLNCLABZ. Great little airline very personal service form the point of checkin to inflight service. Both flights only half full so made the experience very pleasant. Extremely efficient and takes the edge in levels of service.
  This is a very unreliable airline. Our first flight to Toronto canceled, we rebooked for 3 hours later and that flight was delayed for another hour so total of 4 hours delayed for first flight. Then the second flight delayed for another hour and half. So about 6 hours of delay in one trip. If you are on right schedule do not risk it and avoid this airline.
  La Paz to Lima. Worst experience ever. They were late by 3 hours due to weather issues, which, we learned later, were just light rain and to really poor organisation. They said we would be fine for our connexion and that they would do the necessary arrangements for us at Lima. But they didnt. First lie. Then they said we would be reimbursed our missed flight. Second lie, we never were! They let us down at Lima with no flight options, no help whatsoever, they just didnt care at all. We had to buy new ticket to get out of there for a high price. I cant believe this happened but we werent alone, many people were in the same situation as us. This seems like a very well organised fraud. Never ever fly with them if you have other options.
  Los Angeles to Hangzhou via Beijing. Worst travel experience in my life. I was traveling with ac from Los Angeles via Beijing to Hangzhou on April 2nd. The plain landed 15 min late which was not so bad considering the flight was 13 hours long. I missed my connecting flight to Hanghzou due to tight flight connections, disorganization of the Air line and the customs and crew. We never got the entry card on the plane, so 200 people were trying to get the card, find a pen and the space where to fill out the card. At the same time airport staff barely speak English, but they are great in sign language. Anything you ask they just use their hands to direct you to go left, right, back or straight. Truly sad. I was directed along with a another passenger to the wrong gate c10 , instead of c4 that directly led to miss my flight literally within 5 min. I needed to go back to the main terminal and change my ticket. I was issued a ticket for next morning and offered hotel stay. When I got to the dingy hotel I was told if I dont want to share the room with another person I will have to pay 200 yuan.  Yes, I end up paying for the hotel! On my way back from Hangzhou to Beijing my flight was delayed 1 hour and 30 min because of air traffic control. We landed at 210. I was running, thru the airport, from domestic to international department, and despite my own belief I managed to get to the gate Lady told me that my ticked was erased and she can not do anything. I needed to go back to change my ticket for the next flight which was 6 hours later, and even this flight was delayed for another 90 min, due to Again air traffic control . Thank you For making my trip so miserable. I will make sure to spread the word everywhere I go to let everyone how bad the experience was, and aware travelers to stay away from this airline company.
  I was excited to fly Norse. The introductory fares were so cheap that the flight for my family of five came to around the same price as a single return on a direct flight to London with a legacy carrier. We flew MCO to Oslo, spent a night, flew to LON then back through Oslo to MCO two weeks later. The flight was on a brand new aircraft, we did the basic ticket packs, no food, assigned seating or baggage. I dont like eating on night flights east, and happy to a la carte on the way back. Flight took off and landed on time, spotlessly clean, good food and entertainment.  CEO managing check in on return leg was a nice touch too! My go to for regular MCO  Oslo  LON from now on.
  I recently flew with Asiana Airlines from Almaty to Sydney with my two young preschool children. We arrived slightly late to the flight. Two of our checkin bags were slightly over the standard weight limit of 23 kilograms. Asiana Airlines insisted that we either repack our bags to fit within the 23kilogram limit or pay a significant fee for the excess weight. I requested an exception to be made based on our circumstances. The regional manager exhibited rudeness and a lack of understanding. This service was not only disappointing but also added unnecessary stress to an already challenging experience.  I urge Asiana Airlines to reassess their baggage policy to allow for reasonable flexibility. 
  Abu Dhabi to Delhi via Riyadh. Flynas is the worst flight in the world, they  delayed my flight 8.30 hours with officially conformation of bad weather. The staff said destination weather is not due to this we are delaying our flight but in email or sms they are not mentioned the weather of destination is bad. They not provide us hotel also, I spend more than 11 hours at Riyadh Airport. This is my first and last travel for flynas.
  Travelled with my 18month old. I had purchased an extra ticket considering it was a long haul flight. Trip back was hell. Her seat go taken away stating she is under 2 and does not require a seat. That got given to another family with a baby, who didnt pay for the seat.  Then they decided to allocate seats for my wife and daughter away from me. I was seated 2 rows behind. I had already paid extra for seats together so how the hell can it be removed and given to someone else. Worst part was that for 11.5 hrs, there was no food provided for my daughter. I had to  go back to cabin assistance and ask for baby food. Considering that I had called 4 days in advance and advised that I will have a toddler so please allocate meals accordingly. Both legs of the long haul, we did not have food for our daughter. Avoid this airline at all cost if you travelling with family, even if you get a free ticket. Trust me, youll be better off not travelling with them.
  I am disappointed with Condors services. I was flying from Gran Canaria to Munich, the flight was delayed for two hours and I was still waiting for my luggage for 40 minutes. Therefore, I missed my next flight, had to stay in a hotel and buy expensive tickets the next day, and lose one day of work. On their website it is written that delays up to 3 oclock are not compensated. How great, they were two hours late and its not their fault, but I was 24 hours late home and lost 500Eur! There was little information at the airport, they didnt even offer any drinks, apparently this is a normal situation for this company. I notice that lowcost airlines like Ryanair or EasyJet are doing much better.
  I dont recommend flying with Austrian airlines. They provided a connecting flight from Dubrovnik to Amsterdam and did not allow sufficient time to make the transfer in Vienna. The flight landed on time and we ran the whole way to make the second flight but the door was closed right in front of our faces. The airline sold a connecting flight with no time to make the next one. Several others also didnt make the connecting flight. This ruined our last day traveling through Europe and now were at risk of missing our flight from Amsterdam to the US. Do not fly with Austrian, especially if its a connecting flight. I truly dont understand why they would sell a flight knowing people wouldnt make it.
 By far the worst airline, compared to them Spirit is a 10. Before spend you money and booking with them you should think twice. Sat in the airport for over 6 hours with them lying about a weather delay while watching other airlines take off.
 Amazing customer service at the gate. I missed my original flight though my own error and the gentleman at the gate couldnt have been nicer put me on the next flight to London with no hesitation and no judgement. Im so appreciative to have been treated this way. Thank you Aer Lingus.
HanoiDa Nang. Turned up at Hanoi expecting to catch an early flight to Da Nang to find our flight wasnt even on the departures board. We were told the flight had been cancelled and moved to the following day with no alternatives offered. According to staff Jetstar should have sent an earlier email notifying of the cancellation but this was not the case. Flight refunds allegedly take two weeks however I am still waiting nearly a month later. For the sake of few extra dollars book with a more reliable company.
  Hiroshima to Kuala Lumpur via Singapore. This is a review of a flight that was cancelled due to COVID19. At first they changed the departure airport to FUK. This was unacceptable since it is a long was from HIJ. So I asked them for a full refund for all flights. Despite what must have been an incredibly busy and stressful time for them and their staff, they responded promptly and courteously to all communications, including calling me in Japan from Singapore. The refunds were duly processed with no debate as to whether the change from HIJ to FUK was reasonable or not. Well done to them for their excellent service under trying circumstances for everyone. Put the service of some other airlines to shame. And, guess what, when this is all over and we can start flying again, this is an airline I will definitely think highly of  even though I never got on their plane.
Every experience with this airline is terrible, but this was an especially bad experience. As usual, the dirty, cramped cabins are uncomfortable but expensive. The flight was delayed due to overbooking flights in Denver. They claimed weather, something entirely not backed up by their own flight tracker and the National Weather Service. Naturally, this is making me miss my connecting flight. I will gladly never fly this airline again. They are simply the worst airline.
JNBHDSJNB. Very satisfied with the experience on these very short 50min flights operated by South African Express. Seat assignment at booking fast checkin on time departure and arrival quick baggage delivery. But what struck us was the service on board outstanding for commuter flights nowadays  pre departure orange juice adequate meal box during the flight with choice of drinks including alcoholic and then coffee and tea. All this for free with special meal requests observed and served by smiley and efficient crew. If I add that using the company web site is a breeze I changed flights schedule in a few seconds I think SAA Express is a model that American and European domestic air companies should follow.
POSMIA. Everything was smooth from checkin to boarding but the flight left 1hr late due to connecting pax. Flight Attendants were friendly and the coconut bake and fish was lovely. Luggage allowance was good and crew informative.
  The ground service is awesome. A kind lady took me to choose my seat, helped me address my oversized luggage, and led me to the security check. the airline service is good too, almost everyone could get a blanket if they wanted. The next flight from Sydney to Perth, I even couldnt get a blanket in the plane from Qantas.
  The online checkin went fine but it was impossible to change my seat, which should be possible. Contacting the customer service was a very time consuming effort but eventually I could reach them and they could change my seat. The checkin at Brussels was somewhat cumbersome, as the checkin staff was overzealous in checking and double checking Corona requirements. There were about 25 people in line when I arrived but it took a good hour to get checkedin. The boarding went smoothly. The flight was ontime. Also in Helsinki, the boarding went smoothly and was on time. The flight went fine, flight attendants were attentive. The meal was very minimalistic, and I am being polite... the fact that it was served with wooden cutlery did not add to the culinary experience either. Drinks were ok and soft drinks available throughout the whole flight. All in all, it was a good flight, timely without any stress.
 Manila to Singapore. Singapore to the Philippines my handcarry baggage weighed 6.4kg which is in line of the 7kg baggage allowance rule. Personal bag is never ever been included. Ive heard rumours of now even personal bag and laptop bag they will aim to get money from the passengers. They will even hold your boarding pass until you pay for it. I thought it was just a rumour until it happened to me. Im flying back to Singapore and while at the counter they ask to weighed my handcarry bag even my personal bag. Ive always taken the same flight and same bag but its the first time this happened to me. Even a small bag they would weigh just to get money.
  Bucharest to Tel Aviv. They charged us 80€ for a bag just because it was bigger than their size by 2 cm. Its the first time i saw something like this! Unbelievable! I dont recommend to any body this company.
GRUEZESSA JJ80193170 Nov 16 2013. No respect whatsoever for Business class paying passengers on their domestic Brazilian flight portions. No matter if you are inboundoutbound TAM makes a point not providing you basic attention regardless of your International Business class fare. Forget Premium seating on the Domestic flights forget early boarding. They gladly sell you on top of a Premium Business class fare a bulkhead seat for an extra R$ 30.00!
  Bogot to Cartagena. This is the worst airline I have ever travelled. Including all low costs. They put a smaller device than the allowed, so when you are about to board they make you put your luggage, and even if its the regulated size they say they have another size. So they tell you that if you dont pay you cant board, the service is very bad. What you save on the ticket you end up paying afterwards.
  Santiago to La Serena. When boarding the preferential boarding line for the bank of Chile whose preferential customers are allowed to carry luggage at no cost, they asked us for the identity card and credit card of the bank of Chile and let us pass, along with Our hand luggage without any problem. That to 6 of us, while 2 of our friends are told that they have to pay for the luggage for not being customers of the Bank of Chile. The rest of our friends board the plane, while I returned with my wife to the boarding counter to try to help our friends thinking that with our benefit from the Bank of Chile, with the Master Card and Visa Infinite Black cards of both, we could also include our other 2 friends who travel under the same reservation of ours. We failed to convince the person at the counter, who finally charged our friends US$35 for each hand luggage. In the meantime they told us to board while they were paying, but we stayed to wait for them. But the worst comes later. The person at the counter, angry because we claim to try to help our friends and recorded the situation, told us that now we also have to pay US$35 for hand luggage, US$70 in total. At that time we showed her again our ID and black cards from the bank of Chile and we explained that we had already passed a while ago, but there was no case. She told us that we should have gone to the check in counter to qualify for the benefit. I have flown about 20 times with Sky Airlines in recent years using the benefit of the Bank of Chile and had never had a problem with my hand luggage using the benefit, having almost never gone through the check in counter. Moreover, one of the main reasons to choose Sky vs Other airlines is for this benefit. Additionally, I mentioned that we tried unsuccessfully to go through the preferred counter to try to change my seat for emergency exit and pass the baggage but there was a huge line of about 30 people and a single counter attending, which made it absolutely unfeasible and we would miss the flight waiting more than an hour at the preferred customers line. After a long discussion with the person at the boarding counter and about closing the door of the plane, they called the supervisor to try to fix the situation. But the supervisor was inflexible, she understood nothing about the situation and told us that if we didnt pay the US$70, the plane would let us down. Even after a couple of payment attempts, the payment machine did not work for them. Even so, she did not want to make the exception, while the gate was already closed. Finally, and with tremendous discomfort, we ended up paying the US$70 to board, while large numbers of passengers, without even being clients of the bank, passed their luggage without paying and without anyone telling them anything. After this I asked the supervisor for her name in order to write a claim. But she didnt want to give me her name, saying that if I insist, she would let me down the flight. One thing is to have nocriteria to handle the situation. But another much more serious is not to be responsible for that noncriteria, without being willing to give the name and abusing the power at that time when the plane was going to let us down.
  I flew Air Tahiti Nui from Los Angeles to Auckland via Tahiti. I was a very comfortable flight. The meals were good and the seats were comfortable. I was sick on the flight and they looked after me. I will fly them again.
  We used this airline recently for our trip to India and will not recommend this airline . Both ground service and cabin crew service not very friendly neither very welcoming. For a 16 hour straight flight you get two full meals and the snacks are just some nuts. No sandwiches are offered unless you ask for it. Meal services are also different, kids are not served first always.sometimes yes they do. Meals also has no varieties like others  like no fruits or yogurt. We were very excited when we got the tickets as it was our first time using this airline but will not use in the future.
  Almaty to Kiev. Very good experience on this flight. The crew was very attentive and helpful,  and plenty of legroom considering we were on a 6 hour flight on A320. Amenities were great and they offer everything you need to enjoy the flight.
  I flew Citilink 2 days ago from Jakarta CGK to Surabaya to attend the wedding party at 10am. I chose QG 801 suppose to land at 9.15am. The only problem I have was my name was not appear on the quick check in computer terminal, but one of the ground staff quickly asked my ID, and checked me in. in the normal terminal going into the aircraft, I was greeted by a flight attendant who was nice and friendly. 
  Unfortunately this flight was my only option time, and I already heard almost only negative reviews from whoever I asked from regarding this airline. The staff in Dubai airport were lovely but Iran Air staff in Lar airport were nightmare. Absolutely disrespectful, just trying to make up for their loss during COVID.  They had respect and sense unlike them. Save your money and dignity and do some planning ahead. They dont care about their customers not even the least.
  Munich to Malta. Old, shabby aircraft, average cabin service, no inflight entertainment. Lost luggage for about 50 passengers! Only one person on baggage services desk, processing people very slowly. First time with this airline, but never again. In a word  awful.
  It is 4th time in a row . And every flight had a delay. We missed our transfer at Tanzania. And no responsible to communicate. No staff speaks English, also in check in the worker put different seats as we applied together as a couple. Terrible services
  Jeddah to Qausim. It is a really poor airline. I had 2 tickets in the same fly airline Flyadeal to different cities, the first flight was delayed more than five hours and I missed the other one. They refuse to pay me anything or give to me another ticket for the flight I missed.
Newcastle  Cardiff same day return. Flights left on time and arrived early both ways. Only around 9 passengers outbound but a full flight on return. Crew were very good as is always the case with Eastern. Fasttrack security at Newcastle is a welcome bonus! You only get what you pay for!
  Got to the gate to scan my pass only for them to tell me my connecting flight to be cancelled. My flight was transferred at my arrival time changed from 5pm to 10pm. I understand things happen and this is not the first time by any means  but the customer service I received was dreadful afterward  not any slight remorse or care in the world, just on ya way son, go wait another few hours. I understand that its not the air hostess fault  but it is their job to provide some sort of customer service. It wasnt provided this time
  Phuket to Chiang Mai. I am very disappointed by this airline. First of all, when I booked my flight it was very confusing whether I have the right to bring a 35kg checkin luggage or only a 7kg carryon luggage. So when I got to the airport they asked me to pay extra checkin luggage because my bag didnt fit the carryon size. Then, during my trip I had to travel with this airline again so to make sure I wouldnt have to pay at the airport I checked in my luggage 2 days before. But I  wasted my time cause they couldnt find my reservation whereas I showed them the receipt from my bank and no one couldnt help me at the airport? I had to pay again at the desk. On top of that the flight were supposed to be early retimed then it happened to be late. I sent them an email and I am still waiting for an answer.
  I booked a flight for our honeymoon supposedly on last May, but I made a mistake and booked March instead so I paid for a rebooking fee. Since pandemic started last March, we were unable to fly last May. So I was given options, I can get a full refund they stated the FULL AMOUNT, inclusive of the rebooking fee since they were the one who cancelled the flight, not us or have it credited to our account wallet. I chose the former. I was advised that I have to wait for 4 billing cycles, when August arrived, no email, no reply nothing. I followed it up then was advised again to wait for another 4months. When nothing is still refunded, I followed up again through fb and sent them emails and I have to wait for 7 billing cycles. When I got mad and sent them emails, screenshots of their replies, 23days after I think they emailed me saying that I get to be refunded minus the rebooking fee. 
  Hat Yai to Chiang Mai. Good flight. Boarding and take off on time. Good seats. Quite nice flight attendant service. Smooth flight and landing on time. Very good experience with this airline.
  I booked economy class travel from Melbourne to Ahmedabad because I wouldnt hesitate to change my plans, but Malaysia Airlines customer service made it very difficult for me to do so. I had been trying to change our return date from Ahmedabad to Melbourne for the past 10 days, and while they were able to change my wifes itinerary, they were unable to do the same for me. Despite my repeated calls, I finally spoke to a representative who informed me that I cant change your ticket from Ahemdabad because its connected to Air India, so she suggested I change from Mumbai to Melbourne and then back to Ahmedabad. I agreed to call air India and paid around $149 for the difference, but the next day when I called air India, they told me to contact Malaysia airlines, so now I have to pay from Ahmedabad to Mumbai out of my own pocket. I tried to contact them many times, but they put me on hold and never called back, so I think this is the worst experience Ive ever had with Malaysia airlines. Worst experience Ive had.  Customer service at its worst.
Ive flown Meridiana a few times now, and have always had a great experience. Theyre certainly nofrills, but for almost what it costs to fly from New York to LA, I can fly to Naples nonstop and have a free checked bag. Food is good, and airportinflight staff are always pleasant. Any kind of online or phone customer service is basically nonexistent, so I only book if Im sure of where I want to go and am ready to eat the cost if something goes wrong, but with prices this low I wont complain.
We read all the bad reviews but our flight to Bonaire left about 15 minutes late from Miami which is not unusual for most carriers. We changed flights in Curacao and that flight to Bonaire was on time. Our return flight also was uneventful however the air craft was what appeared to need some work on the cabin minor repairs. The flight cost was at least 400 dollars cheaper than flying Delta. The cabin service was adequate.
  Cape Town to Nelspruit. They did not call my name for last boarding. Checked in 2 hours early, had a problem with an airport cafe, came to board as gate was closing and they refused to put me on. Staff were aggressive, did not assist, expected more money for a different flight with no concessions made. Unprofessional and unpleasant.
  Good airline for the price. No cancellations, good space on the flight however there is no usb outlets and I wish that water was included on flights. However, for a budget friendly airline, its a great choice.
  Sydney to Gold Coast. I received an email saying that my flight was delayed and when I got to the gate they said it wasnt and that I missed my flight although the door to the plane was still open and the rail was still attached. While I was talking to staff at the gate she starts arguing that Im not checked in which I was and after checking and she finding out that I was she tells me they offloaded me and while I was talking to her she tells them to close the gate. After sending me to 3 different people and talking to the customer service over the phone they tell me theres nothing they can do and the ticket is not refundable and if I want I can purchase a new ticket. 
LCYORYLCY. Very quick and easy on the way out from London attentive crew and plenty of croissants! Slight delay on return but time was made up and crew managed to come round twice with drinks on such a short flight. Being 65 leg room is always my biggest concern especially in a Fokker with no exit row seats but there was ample room for me even by the window. Will definitely choose CityJet again.
 I live in Tauranga and travelled to Hamilton to place my two teenage daughters on flights to Wellington. The flight was at 7am with check in 30 minutes prior. The instruction email stated I must be there 30 minutes prior, meaning I should be checking in by 630am. A series of events meant I got to the counter at 634am, the young male pointed out I was 4 minutes late and went to his manager to let her know. He came back and told me I was too late for this flight and advised I would need to catch another flight and pay extra. When I had arrived at check in there were at least 4 staff prancing around with only 1 open kiosk. When I had words with the manager all 4 staff were suddenly available to offer their opinions on my situation. The manager was rude and spoke down to me. I had no choice but to pay extra for the next flight at 1015am. Air New Zealand have their customers over a barrel, they are suppose to be our national airline, they are bleeding money so they are exploiting customers. The later flight was delayed and didnt leave until 1055am.
  I cannot say enough good things about Delta and the staff. Our first flight was delayed which caused us to miss our connecting flight to Miami. The staff worked with us and were able to get us a flight a couple hours later to west palm beach and gave us a Lyft voucher to transport us to Miami. They also gave us food vouchers and free endless beveragefood on our flight. They went above and beyond to take care of us and we are so grateful for the service we received. We will be flying delta always and will recommend them to all our friends and family!
Telephone customer service was unhelpful. I booked a late flight 615pm from Melbourne to Brisbane due to commitment,s however the airline moved me onto the 1230pm flight $32 cheaper than I paid. I required a refund as they advised they could not book me on a later flight. The refund will be processed within 34 weeks. Throughout my phone call I asked the customer service representative why can i still book the 6.15pm flight online price is now $169? She advised me that the flight is unavailable and will not be flying on this day. How can Tigerair or third party providers continue to sell flights for a future flight which is 7 weeks away knowing that it will not be running for a cost of $169? This seems like a dishonest money making scheme as they will continue to transfer passengers who have paid $169 for the 6.15pm flight to the 12.30pm flight which is currently selling for $69. Tigerair is currently making $100 per passenger who books the 6.15pm flight as this is a preferable flying time only to be moved onto an unpopular timeslot. 
  Heathrow to Malta. We were a party of 4 adults and one child. Staff were miserable. Hot food had to be ordered, but no one asked if we wanted anything. When we asked for a toastie it was like being told off for not ordering it. Drinks and food were served with a pay machine shoved in your face. The staff didnt even stop their conversation whilst serving us. When leaving the aeroplane, as always we said thankyou and again they couldnt acknowledge us or stop their conversation. One of our suitcases was ripped, got in a queue behind 5 others who had damaged cases. Our case was beyond repair and needed a new one to fly home with. 1 day of our 10 day holiday was spent getting a taxi to the nearest town, finding a shop that sold cases then taxi back to the hotel.
Terrible experience all around. Flight delayed three hours, no place to hang my dress uniform and generally terribleconfrontational service. If these people spent half the time they do berating customers actually doing their jobs correctly maybe they wouldnt have such a terrible track record with customer service. If I have a choice next time I wont fly with them, I dont even care if it costs more.
PenangSubangPenang. Cabin crew helpful and friendly. Starting last month FireFly increase its baggage allowance for checkin baggage from 15kg to 20kg.
  Paris to New York. This is a very low cost airline and believe me it shows. The cabin luggage weight is 5KG, my was 8 kg and the agent was so rude and insisted that it had to be checked. I offered to pay excess baggage and he said check it or leave. I finally got to my seat and there were 2 overhead bins completely empty! I am Global Entry so when I landed I was through customs and immigration within 15 min. I then had to wait 90 min to get my 18 carry on. The aircraft is all coach 400 passengers almost no empty seats. My bag was one of the very last to come off. 
I had two straightforward, uneventful flights with LIAT on 11th April 2016. The ANU to BGI flight was about fifteen minutes late and the BGI to DOM flight was about half an hour late. Checkin at V C Bird was quick and efficient, while luggage was delivered promptly at Grantley Adams. Then, checkin at Grantley Adams was also quick and efficient, while luggage was delivered very quickly at Melville Hall. From getting off the plane at Melville Hall to leaving the airport took no more than twenty minutes. Staff on the ground at all three airports were highly professional and very polite, and the same can be said of the cabin crew on both flights. If LIAT could replicate these standards on all their flights, then there would be little to complain about.
  Miami to Dusseldorf on Air Berlin. One of the worst flight experiences the seat is the most squeezed I have flown, similar to EasyJet, but long haul. Service is ordinary befitting a cheap airline. Air Berlin fails to recognize OneWorld partner Elite Membership for extra seating, which is offered only to their members while AA offers to partners. Check in staff knows nothing about lounge, but the AA Miami Lounge turned out to be the only good thing on this trip. The fare is cheap but false economy AA is much better.
  Very nice trip overall. In flight service was friendly and efficient. Food quality well above average, Plenty of legroom and a comfortable seat. The IFE however is fairly awful. 
Have flown several times between Lagos domestic Old terminal and Warri. Flights on time and flight attendants attentive and friendly. Be warned that youll have to hunt down your gate at Lagos if you want to be sure of catching your flight. Its not unusual for staff to just wander off for no announcements to be made and for passengers to be running across the runway at the last minute with their baggage in hand. On one occasion a Dutch wetlease service was used from Warri to Lagos older but it was a comfortable plane with one Dutch and one Nigerian FA both friendly and professional. The safety briefing was even done a second time as one passenger point blank refused to pay attention the first time and wouldnt remove their earphones. Food onboard constituted a carton of five alive juice and either a pain au chocolate or the standard Nigerian mystery meat pasty. Good luck with that one. Security at Warri as corrupt as anywhere else in Nigeria. Despite the airport being funded by Shell dont expect any special attention if you work for them though here they are particularly aggressive rather than the usual passive begging.
  The flight and check in was as expected, dull, nothing flash, adequate attention from check in staff and flight staff. But  I paid a small amount for the flight, so you pay for what you get. However the customer communication was awful, non existent in real terms. I needed to communicate with airasia about an amount they overcharged me. Their website and Airasia super app will only allow you to navigate a set list of questions and set answers. If your issue is outside those parameters, they are not interested. Their website and super app contains no email address or phone number to contact them about any issue out side the answers in the website. You keep getting directed to a bot called Ava. I managed to find on the internet 2 email addresses belonging to airasia. The response from both of them was not our dept, Ticket closed. When asked which dept I should email, no reply. This issue has been going on 6 months now, it is not resolved. It is very clear that airasia wants nothing to do with actual customers, I cannot comprehend how a company can still exist providing this non existent customer interaction and non existent customer servicing.
 TAP Portugal stands for take another plane It was the worst experience of any flight Ive ever taken! From rude check in clerks to even ruder stewardess. If you think youre getting a good deal on the flight price, dont worry as they will beat you up on your luggage and you will pay dearly. Internet glitches so you cant check in online and your bags therefore cost $50.00 more automatically. $130.00 for each bag. Your carry ons better be tiny too. The worst flying experience of all time. Seems like rules can be made up and changed at their whim! Bogus! Never again!!
  Had a safe, professional, and relatively timely experience flying Air Tanzania. My flight was about 45 minutes delayedperfectly inexcessive as far as delays go, and still landing me at the destination airport in a timely manner to make a connecting international flight. Baggage collection was smooth. Overall review a conventional flying experience, on par with other reputable carriers.
  Worst flight experience ever. I flew few days ago and they broke my new luggage bag handle. Easily we can understand that happen due to miss handling or brute force. I reported them then they replied to me like this happen only due to Wear and tear, Customer must pack properly, etc. I dont understand how we can cover our handle and if we cover whats the use of luggage handle. Also, what do they mean about wear and tear for new product. Now they made it like it cant be used anymore. 
  Pleasantly surprised at how nice our trip was on Breeze Airways. The plane seemed newer than other planes we had been on. The staff was friendly. The flight was smooth with no delays. We will be flying with them again.
  Darwin to Dili. The Embraer 170 seats 76 passengers, all in economy. Airnorth the Australian, not the Canadian company! runs regional services across northern Australia, including one international flight to Dili, the capital of Timor Leste East Timor. It is the shortest international route flown out of Australia at 1 hr 20 minutes! Apart from magazines there is no IFE, but refreshments are served. Outwards from Darwin to Dili in the late afternoon it was a chicken wrap and soft drink coming back at 8 am it was a light breakfast with tea or coffee. Leg room is fine I am 178 cm tall and the seats are comfortable for a short flight. Ground crew in Darwin and the cabin crew were cheerful and efficient. The checkin counter staff in Dili were efficient but not particularly cheerful  a minor point. This flight was booked on a special sale fare and was excellent value for money  normally the flights are a bit expensive.
Even though Aerolineas Argentinas has received too many complaints from customers recently my flight from Sao Paulo Brazil to Buenos Aires Argentina on March 1 2014 in Premium Economy Class was great and I have no complaints. The flight was on schedule the flight crew were polite and helpful. Aerolineas Argentinas premium economy class is the same as most US companies domestic first class. The seats are J seats very comfortable and the food in this class was also a great sandwich yoghurt and a chocolate muffin. Compared to service in the same route provided by Brazilian companies I have flown and comparing also the price Aerolineas Argentinas Premium Economy class is far better in service and mainly in seat comfort!
  This is literally the worst airline ever. I have been stuck in Canada for 2 nights, soon to be a third, due to their incompetence and disregard of passengers. Our connecting flight which would have been 60 minutes was abruptly canceled due to no staffing. We encountered quite possibly the rudest woman on earth at the customer service area. Not only was she nasty and callous, booking us for a flight in 3 days, she didnt offer any information about what to do next, she literally turned her back. We had to ask a security guard where to go next to try to remedy our situation. 5 hours later, we were sent to a hotel nowhere near the airport with only one night of hotel paid. Fast forward to today, we are still sitting in the airport. Our flight was due to leave 4.5 hours ago. Initially, it was delayed for a late crew, then maintenance, then weather. We finally boarded, only to sit on the runway for 90 minutes before we were deplaned. We have not been provided food or information about what happens next. 
  I requested a refund to my flight because of COVID19 which was supposed to be a full refund. However what I learned after calling is in order to get refunded for the flight I can not file for a refund online, it had to be a phone call in order to get a refund. Is this confusing? Thats because it is, I did an online request to refund and received no refund. So Air China canceled my flight and took my money! How does that make sense at all? I tried calling them several times and their answer was always different, they canceled the flight and I am out of my money for a flight they never flew all because some side loop hole to screw me over. Seems this is common place for this company and I am personally avoid them for all my future flights, while they are cheap you get what you pay for obviously and the last thing I need when I am trying to take a vacation is dealing with this nightmare of a company.
 I booked a connecting flight from Vancouver to Mexico City and then San Salvador. When I went to board in Mexico city I was told I had to pay $314 for my guitar, which I have always gate checked for free for the last 10 years. Not only was I charged, but the most outrageous fee. Unbelievably poor showing by this airline. Ill never fly with them again. What a contrast to how I was treated on the first leg of my flight with Air Canada.
 This airline is a mess! I called days prior to our flight to ask questions about baggage and what was allowed and what wasnt. I was warned to expect to lose our baggage. We arrived to the airport on the day of, and everything seemed to go smoothly. All the staff on the flight and the flight itself was exceptional! However, when we arrived to our destination, one of our bags were lost. 2 days later it arrived. We were told we would be called, but no one called. They just delivered it to the address we provided at the airport. On our return flight, everything went smoothly at the airport and in the flight, again, all the flight attendants and the flight itself was great, however was delayed slightly . When arriving to our home destination, we picked up out bags and car seat. Noticed slight damage to one of the bags and the car seat for my child. Unfortunately, we didnt do a thorough check at the airport. Our car was waiting and we were in a hurry as our flight was delayed by 40 minutes. When I went to put the car seat in the car, the car seat was all taken apart. I had to take the time to secure it and put it back together in order to use it. Then when we got home, we noticed the other bag was all ripped at the pocket. Ive tried getting in contact with them and no one answers the phone. No one seems to know anything about anything literally. Its been nothing but chaos. Their customer service is atrocious outside of the flight itself.
  Flew Royal Brunei Airlines from London to Melbourne via Dubai and Brunei based on price alone, and pleasantly surprised by the service provided. Food was generally good, entertainment good and staff very pleasant. Dry aircraft was not an issue and indeed stops a lot of unpleasantness evident on some other flights due to passengers consuming too much alcohol. The stop in Dubai is a bit of a nuisance but allow you to stretch your legs. Seats are okay but get a bit hard after many hours but no worse than others. Overall good value for money and would use them again. Brunei airport is not very good but okay for a couple of hour stop.
Gatwick  Guernsey Return. ATR72 clean and tidy. Both legs on time. Seat pitch tight if you are tall but acceptable for 45 minute flights. Complimentary soft drink cabin crew working fast to complete full service in tight time constraints. Overall a good regional carrier but with one irritating gripe. There is a £3 fee to choose your seat in advance this under the current climate is not too bad. However if you book a fully flexible ticket and subsequently change your flight although there is obviously no fee for changing your flight you will be expected to pay the £3 AGAIN if you want to choose a seat on the new flight. If you are on a flexible ticket you should really only have to pay the fee for choosing a seat once.
 Check in was late opening and the agent was very unfriendly. However there was no queue. Tbilisi Airport is very easy and quick to navigate through, and Georgian Airways use a thirdparty lounge Prime Class which you see as soon as you get through passport control. The lounge is fantastic. Boarding was very quick, but no priority boarding was offered. The aircraft was changed from an E190 to a CRJ200, which was quite old and rather uncomfortable. The business class seats were European short haul style ie normal seats, with very little legroom, and even less width. For a 30 minute flight it was fine, but I wouldnt have wanted to spend any longer on it! The service consisted of a pre departure bottle of water, and a drink during the flight. I obviously dont expect a meal on such a short flight but some kind of snack would have been appreciated, but they didnt have anything! The crew were very pleasant and spoke good English. No communication from the pilots however. We left and arrived early. For a short hop Id have no problem flying Georgian again, though I would think twice before booking a longer trip.
  Flight fine. Inline with competitors. Pleasant crew. Only niggle is bussed to and from aircraft at Heathrow. It seems like this is standard for the Berlin flights. Would use again.
Abu Dhabi to Hong Kong return using Air Seychelles. The journey was made easy by the service provided by the air crew. The food was nice there was a decent selection of drinks and the seats were comfortable. I would travel with this airline again and I would definitely recommend. I am a Gold card holder with Etihad and was initially dubious about flying with a connected airline.
 American Airlines you no longer exist in my world. My parents 50th anniversary was a magical event! The Common Man Restaurant was amazing and Courtney was a delight but back to American Airlines. Cancelled my parents flight 15 minutes before it was due to leave! The call to customer service was awful they would not pass the call to a supervisor, nor would they compensate my parents for the serious issues they created. They were told this is a personal problem! The best they can do a flight Tuesday night! My parents car is in parking racking up the bill, their dogs are being boarded at a substantial cost, and the customer service person would not identify herself  she didnt feel comfortable! As they say, no way to run an airline! American Airlines, way to ruin a wonderful occasion!
 They are absolutely awful at all aspects of a flight experience. Rude people. Unapologetic or sympathetic to being almost an hour delayed. Seem to have never flown in a cold weather city or know its cold in winter. You get what you pay for. And Im this case WAY, WAY, less.
Tel Aviv to Berlin Tegel airport. Easy checkin friendly staff loads of leg room we had normal seats not exit seats. Food was nothing to write home about but it was a night flight so didnt really care. Plane was clean. Would recommend and will be flying with them again. Great prices available.
  When I checked in they asked me if I had a ticket out of the US and I said yes and showed my ticket to Mexico. They said that is not valid as Mexico is part of the US. I said that no Mexico is not part of the US, they even called the supervisor who said the same thing. They made me buy a ticket back to my country which I didnt want at that time because I didnt know my return date yet. I bought this flight with Qantas but when I arrived it was Air Tahiti. I had to buy the ticket in 20 minutes otherwise they wouldnt let me board. It is embarrassing that they dont know the difference between the two countries and argue with customers like this. If this is their policy at least it should be on their website.
 Absolute horror trip! No communication and no customer support. We flew to Frankfurt and our connecting flight to Hamburg was cancelled. We went on by train but our luggage went missing! No help from the airline and 3 weeks later still no luggage. All we get told is that they are still searching! Then we bid for an upgrade to business class. We got sent an email that we did not the upgrade, but as we step on the plane suddenly they billed us for business class by sending us an email while we are on the plane! How were we supposed to receive this email while we on the plane? When I said I dont want the upgrade because the email from them said we were not successful in getting the upgrade, they replied that they had given our economy tickets away! And no one will help. Not with the luggage, they dont even know where it is, nor about the miraculous upgrade. Dont touch this airline. Their cheaper tickets have turned into the most expensive tickets!
  I am a senior and kindly asked the flight attendants to help me lift my bag to place overhead, they were not eager to assist at all, one of them said he had shoulder surgery and the other one did not lift it for me he just helped me to place it overhead. If they are so sickly and unable to lift a small suitcase maybe that is not the right job for them. It is the one and only complaint that I have.
  Gatwick to Manila via Hong Kong. Flight delayed in Hong Kong as well, their compensation was a cup of Starbucks coffee.  Arrived in Manila, my luggage didnt arrive with me. I filed a report with their staff and promised to deliver my things within 23 days. My luggage arrived at home after 2 days. I found that the lock was broken. After several things, I checked on my luggage again to pack my things back to Madrid. Found out that one of the wheels was detached. I didnt see this when they delivered to me. Due to the fact that they broke it and attached it again to its place so it wont be obvious that it was detached already. I made a written report to them but refused to give me any compensation. Their assistance is very unhelpful and unfriendly. Never fly with them again.
  Flew Innsbruck to Palma. €101 to carry a suitcase is shameful. I thought Ryanair were deceptive in their hidden costs but this is completely unjustifiable. You are required to book cases 30 hours prior to flying, we tried 24 hours before as we hadnt fully packed and didnt know our requirements. NIKI you should be ashamed of your policy.
 BR17, SFOTPE on a 777300ER. Tickets bought 5 months out, and quite a favorable price. Check in at SFO, was weird. Staff didnt want to take my oversized luggage, until I suggested they get a bag like ANA, Singapore Airlines, or Asiana. Once they processed my luggage it was fine. TSASecurity the usual disaster, and no one taking charge. Apparently the SFO cleaning crew was on strike 10 Nov, because both EVA flights, SQ, Asiana, and others were delayed for aircraft cleanliness. We were delayed for over 60 mins. Boarding went smoothly. Cabin crew were smiles and polite for 01.00 in the morning. Once we had push backed and airborne the meal service commenced. Dinner was nice with Hagen Daaz. DrinkCabin service continued throughout the flight. Seat was perfect as I slept like the dead. The lights were activated, and a excellent sign, for waking everyone up for breakfast. Breakfast was yummy. Landed in TPE late, but still made my connection. BR184, TPENRT on a 787900 boarded and took off late due to a aircraft issue. Still landed on time at NRT. Cabin Attendants polite, professional, and all smiles. Handed out immigration documents while still at the gate. Constant drink runs, and a tasty meal. EVAs 787 seat was comfortable, and I was able to stretch out. EVA ground staff needs to be more professional, and expeditionary like ANA, and Singapore Airlines. Other than that they were superb! I will fly them again!
  We were on a chartered flight taking a group of very special kids to Lourdes in France. Team were so friendly and welcoming. Lovely comfy accommodation clean and spacious. Lovely touch was a special package snack for our VIPs. Thank you Titan.
  Ho Chi Minh City to Hanoi. I am submitting a negative review because I want to warn other potential customers about pitfalls with this airline.  This is a budget airline, I dont expect luxury or in flight food but that does not excuse this business breaking its promises.  I was removed from a booking I had made several days before, on a flight that was not cancelled, and added to a much later flight without discussion  the only reason the airline could offer was operational reasons. The later flight was then delayed further by more than an hour  after much effort, the airline finally agreed to offer a refund in an email. After I made alternative arrangements and requested the promised refund  the airline went back on its promise and only refunded half of the ticket price and nothing would make them budge. So beware, you could get your fingers burned  I couldnt get my money back, and without being directly rude the airline representative made it very clear to me that they did not care and would keep hold of my money, which they did.
  Got to the checkin desk and gave in our passports and tickets, four of each. Explained that we had booked the extra seats, an option that is clearly available for anyone booking with Vueling on their website NOT on the app that I am aware of. The lady at the desk got told to off load the extra seats! We questioned this and was told by the queue supervisor that it was ok and we would keep all the seats. When we got to the boarding gate we checked again and they had no idea you could do this, one of the persons checking the tickets at the gate just turned round to her colleague and said I havent checked anyone in, again another example of lack or good service as you could tell they didnt care and was told to check with the staff. As we boarded the plan we could see that Vueling had resold our seats. We explained to the crew that we had paid for the extra seats, not their fault but they didnt understand. We took our seats but still have lost our extra seat. The crew are trying to work it out and get and outcome to everyones satisfaction. Then the captain came out of the cockpit and aggressively pointing at us making it clear to everyone on the plane that we had raised and issue regarding seating. After another number finger points and some none helpful words as people do understand other languages, they decided to move the extra people to the row behind. No formal apology was given just a lot of looks and finger pointing. Just before we pulled back we were still waiting for 2 other passengers who were clearly late, but the captain made an announcement on the tannoy and clearly claimed that the very little 6 mins delay of the plane was down to the seat problem mainly that we had caused this problem making it look like we had caused the problem. As soon as the late passengers turn up and sat down we were on our way, so I dont think our seat problem caused any delay. There was no visible checking of seatbelts and where bags were placed on the plane. After take off the crew the crew quickly closed of the front curtains and toilets. Such bad customer service. No comfort in the seats. Is Vueling the company I would choose for future traveling, probably not and probably would only recommend at a last resort and choice. 
FUELPA Booked this as a part of a TUI holiday package. They booked me on FUELPA with Binter and then on their own airline TUIfly from LPA to MUC. I tried to check in at the Binter Counter in FUE the day before. Staff reasonably friendly and efficient but not a lot of English skills. They checked me through to TUIfly to MUC. Flight was delayed for around 35 minutes. No announcement about delay was made. When the late aircraft arrived they made people board as fast as possible. Flight was on an ATR which seemed well maintained and had comfortable leather seats. Catering water and chocolate bar fine for this short hop. Transferring in LPA is easy although passengers possibly could easily miss the sign for connecting flights.
  I was traveling from Cartagena Medellin, Medellin Miami and I got confused and arrived 10 minutes late to the desk and they told me that the flight was closed. They realized at that time that someone with my name was inside the plane, so they never page me. They have to hold the plane for more than half an hour to clarify that the person inside the plane have another name and no mine, and still they denied us. For that reason, we have to flight back to Miami with Spirit Airlines and paid more than $400 each for our tickets. Terrible airline, was my first and my last trip with them. 
 Flew Jakarta to Padang. This is the second flight I have flown in the last three weeks. The delay remains the same. I got a 60 to 90 minute delay today, the same as the last one. It is like delays are part of the behaviour and culture in this airline. In this era, where people are very busy and dont have one day only to fly from one place to another, Lion Air needs to learn to respect peoples time. So, if you do not have the whole day spare time just to fly, Lion Air is the last choice you should make. The delay in my flight, I admit is my mistake, since I am the one who chose this airline at the beginning.
JERGCIJERLCY. Interisland flights on a little Jetstream. Only 10 mins each way but good fun. With the open cabin and no door to the flight deck it really gave an insight into what the flight crew do. Far from transcontinental business class that I often fly but in many ways this was a lot more enjoyable. The lounges for all passengers are a nice touch but some air con in Jersey would be good. Timetable seems to not be completely thought through for connections eg 1hr 30 wait in Jersey for flight to LCY. Would like to see a GCILCY direct flight added or better connections to the JERLCY flight so that a LCYGCI trip can be done in a day. All in all though a very good experience that I would happily repeat.
LGWFLR flight was cancelled due to weather and we received no help nor information. No customer service no updates absolutely no response to phone email and other internet contact. Very unfriendly check in. We will never fly this airline again.
 Disaster, 2 tries, 1 canceled flight and 1 postponed 9 hours. Even Vietjet has more options. They destroyed our holidays twice in 2 months time. Its isnt worth the hassle, and its more costly in the end. Do not try it, you will regret it.
  Irkutsk to Incheon. I enjoyed the inflight entertainment and the seat comfort. The food was delicious and I had a great time. I was on a short flight, and the legroom was amazing! I would highly recommend this airline. 
 Operated for TUI by Olympus, this was one of the shabbiest aircrafts Ive ever flown on. The interior looked like it needed a good scrub, my seat cushion and that of my husband next to me kept coming away and the armrest to the left of my seat was missing making it very uncomfortable the visible metal to which it should have attached had been covered with a bit of silver tape. One of toilets also had no water in the taps. We paid for and got extra legroom next to the emergency exit but the seats didnt recline and were so thinly padded they were uncomfortable. As the flight wasnt full some others were moved to similar seats across the aisle but cabin crew failed to explain to themas they did to us what to do in the unlikely event of needing to evacuate via that exit surely a breach of safety regulations. The jump seat in front of us was filthy and what looked like old tissues fell out when the crew member opened it. The Olympus crew were reasonably friendly and smart unlike the Tui staff who were completely offhand, surly and seemed only interested in selling. They certainly didnt understand customer experience. Definitely not recommended.
  Our luggage never made it to our destination and is still at large 2 weeks later. There was some chaos when we checked our bags. Weve had a horrible experience with this airline, its run very poorly.
  Extremely slow counter service, flight was supposed to take off at 2pm, but people still stuck at the checkin counter. For some reason people could bring in multiple carryon luggages and were allowed to use other seats overhead compartments, causing massive delays as flight crew had to restow luggage into cargo for other passengers who rightfully had the compartments for their own use. Did the counter crew not check boarding passengers and allowed one person to bring in not only 2 suitcases but also multiple bags? We had a Karen who not only used one full compartment for her 4 bags of souvenirs, but still had the gall to demand crew to leave her suitcases with her when they were trying to stow them into cargo. Cabin crew is trying their best, but people are extremely inconsiderate so maybe have more stringent checks. It has been almost 25 minutes delay now due to counter checking incompetence and flight has still not hit the runway. Do not recommend.
 Absolutely horrible! Never ever again. The flight was delayed going and coming back, the staff was rude. We had to pay an additional $100 on top of paying for bags. I paid for 20 tickets for me and my family flying in between two states to Orlando and they were extremely unaccommodating. They are literally one of the worst airlines you can do business with.
  San Francisco to Paris. Low price and low quality service. I pay for food in the flight and for nice seats but they dont find on the system, so I dont have food in a almost 12 hours flight. Thanks for the experience French Bee.
  Montreal to Mexico City. The worst customer service. We bought our ticket in November 28. The day after, under 24 hours we saw a ticket 200$ cheaper each, so x2  400$. We decided to call Interjet and see if we could make a refund since its under 24 hours of purchase. They said that there was no problem, that we have to send them our banking information by email and that they will refund us under 30 days. Today, we are February 28, 2020, and we still dont have our money back. We have been calling them and email them for months. The ticket was really not cheap since it was in high season. I cannot refund my credit card by my self. This was not suppose to happen. Now i have been paying credit card interest. In few months, my 400$ of saving by canceling my flight, will be eliminated by my credit card fees. They are only telling us that they put our case higher and higher, but we still have no answer. I dont know what to do honestly its a nightmare.
  Munich to Sarajevo via Zagreb. Upon my arrived to the Sarajevo Airport I noticed my luggage was damaged. After reporting this to the luggage claim desk and signing the official claim after their inspection, I wrote to the Croatia Airlines and sent all required documentation. Their answer was they need the invoice from the moment I bought my bag. No kidding, there were serious.  They are circus, so far from serious company.
  Frankfurt to Hanoi via Taipei. Amazing cabin crew. They are professional, caring and nice. Updated inflight entertainment programme. Food is fairly good. They serve icecream for lunch.
  I tried to make a complaint and got our money back, never received an answer. On 6th of August, we travelled from Athens to Chania for our honeymoon. Arrived early at the airport, 2 hours before our flight. At the checkin desk, when we wanted to check in our luggages, the person behind the desk told us that because we were the last to check in, we were put on standby. We couldnt believe what we are hearing, because we bought these tickets so early with upgraded packages, sky lounge access, etc. This is a trip to our honeymoon, booked the seatings next to each other. I checked days before our flight but there was no availability to check in, not online, nowhere. Luckily, we managed to get on the flight, but it ruined the beginning of our honeymoon. I sat next to the stewardess, my husband far away from me. 
 The experience onboard Korean was underwhelming. Flew from DLCICNLAX. The first leg was a quick hour flight onboard a 777 with good entertainment and was served a small lunch consisting of a chicken sandwich, pineapple and a beverage. The second leg was delayed for 1.5 hours after boarding due to technical issues. Leg space and seating on A380 was great, however I found the inflight entertainment and meals subpar. The movie offerings were limited with a few new releases and between 1520 old movies. Moreover, meals left a lot to be desired as the portions were small and snack options were limited to asian shrimp crackers, plain crackers and banana bread. Cabin stewardess did a fine job, going through the motions of carrying on their duties, but there wasnt any personal touch or personality to their interactions. Id fly Korean Air again if the price is less than better competitors.
 Pathetic service. Never book a ticket in this airline. They always delay for 4 to 5 hrs at the end moment. Spend more money and take another flight. Spent almost a day from 12.30 to 18.30hrs.
Ive always preferred FlySafair but not anymore. I needed to change my flight about 5 days prior but the system was down. I kept calling daily, asked a friend to do this for me at the airport but got absolutely no assistance. On the day of departure, at the boarding gate, I was told that the gate closed a minute before I arrived and my bag was already offloaded. So offloading my bag took a minute I suppose. All this could have been avoided had I gotten help changing my flight. The staff attitude is the worst! Im disappointed! Definitely hoping I never have to fly with them! So much for the cheapest airline, now I understand why its important to pay a little extra for an exceptional service.
 Buyer Beware. Probably the biggest scam Ive ever experienced. No willingness to assist a customer whatsoever. Was travelling to Thunder Bay to attend a friends wedding. Flight came to approx $166. After payment, I checked my itinerary closer to flight date and noticed only my first name was listed as a passenger, however you could see my full name as the payer. I called customer service waited approx 45 minutes, spoke to a human finally as the chatbot was no help whatsoever. I asked the agent to add my full name to the traveller info. Agent told me that would cost me $226 and I would not be able to board the flight otherwise because the name wouldnt match my travel documents. He then proceeded to tell me if my last name was 3 characters or less they would be able to do it for no charge. I told them I wanted to cancel then and he said there was a fee for that as well. At this point I just laughed. In conclusion, my $166 flight turned into a $390 flight because I had to write my last name down. Customer service is trash, and after looking into them more their service is loaded with hidden fees meant to scam you. Air Canada was $409, I should have just gone with them like I usually do. This airline is proof that you get what you pay for. Big mistake wont be flying with Flair again.
  Minsk to Zaporizhzhia with Motor sich airlines.The itinerary showed Antonov 140 as operating the flight, but in reality the flight was operated by Antonov 24, a 4050 year old Soviet Aircraft. However Motor Sich airline did not pre advise of aircraft change. 215 h flight. Big mistake in choosing seats in the first 3 rows, they are right by the engines and the noise is deafening. 
  Cape Town to Paris. Untrained and disrespectful cabin staff. Most of the cabin crew did not speak English on an international flight only French!. No service at all and once we asked for a tea we received arrogant responses. We travelled as a family with a baby and were promised a baby cot. The flight attendant had an argument with her colleague about it but later brought one. We finally could lay our son down, since it was a night flight and he was very tired. Only seconds later her colleague came to take it away from us, so our son had to be taken out again and had no cot to sleep in. The food was horrible. At 8 oclock in the morning we were not allowed to open our window blinds due to the light coming in. Furthermore parts of our window and wall were broken. Overall experience was very disappointing. We would never recommend this airline!
  Toronto to Berlin via Keflavik. Disappointed in the service. There is a policy of no returns or cancellations so even though I called an hour prior to my flight leaving I was told I couldnt refund or exchange even my return ticket. Inflexible, representatives didnt explain options and I ended up losing a flight because my service representative didnt understand my request to hold a flight over the phone.
  Roatan to New York via Grand Cayman. Worst airline ever! Flight delayed for 7 hours, deviated and had to land in North Carolina because it had no fuel, we were stuck inside the aircraft at the airport multiple hours and they didnt have even water! Worst experience flying ever and I would not recommend this airline to even an enemy. They claimed delay was because of weather but had we left at the scheduled time, the weather was just great and all other scheduled flights were leaving the airport.
  No entertainment, left 2 hours late, lost my luggage for 4 days. Poor inflight service and on customer service when returned home even with numerous emails and documents relating to problems.
  Paris to Taipei. Clean and pleasant cabin despite being very noisy and dry Boeing 777. Comfortable seats worth the extra price for such a long flight. Average food. Biggest disappointment was the service. Smile is there but sincerity is not. This airline has a good hard product that makes the flights OK. But their service is just. Especially considering how cheerful and lovely the people of Taiwan can be.
  My first flight with Akasa Air was a nightmare. Airport staff is ignorant about flight which had already landed. Bus brought us to a flight destined for Ahmadabad and we waited for 30 minutes after we were asked to reboard the bus to reach flight for Lucknow. Airport staff need to be trained. Akasa operation vendors seems to be cheap and airline managers are careless. I do not recommend Akasa Air.
  Requested a gluten free meal and was given a regular meal. I even double checked at check in about my request and although the staff couldnt see my request was told it will be fine which it wasnt.
  The flight was quite good, the friendliness of the ground and air staff was very good. Quite satisfied with the flight this time. Thank you Top Choice for domestic options. Penerbangan yang cukup baik, keramahan Staff darat dan Udara sangat baik. Cukup Puas dengan penerbangan kali ini. Terima kasih. Pilihan Utama untuk pilihan domestik.
  This review relates to the second Royal Air Maroc flight I took, on a Boeing 737800 from Casablanca to Paris Orly Airport. The gate staff were rather bureaucratic and unfriendly and I saw one staff member walk away from an elderly woman who needed and asked for assistance. Boarding was fairly orderly and one gained the impression of a very clean and nicely set out interior reflecting Moroccan designs and culture. The crew were a little cold but very correct in terms of their service. It was great to see a proper breakfast served to the passengers. My concern was that a clearly very sick woman was allowed to board the flight. She hardly stopped coughing for the entire duration of the flight and did not use a face mask at all. The captain did not give much information and announcements were made only in Arabic and French. Disembarkation was via a bridge and there were some uniformed RAM staff waiting to assist needy passengers. Overall this was a good experience and I would recommend this airline without hesitation!
  Very disappointing, they are not reliable enough when it comes to luggage management. When checking it from Libreville to Johannesburg i had to take a connection flight from Lome, same airline but they couldnt check the luggage to Johannesburg. I have been instructed to collect the luggage from Lome and check in again to Johannesburg. When arrive in Lome access was dined by immigration visa was required. I reported to the Asky agent in Lome and advised all in order my luggage was sent Johannesburg. Then when I arrived in Johannesburg no luggage was found and was lost in Lome. I had to book a hotel for the weekend as i couldnt do my job without the luggage. I was very unhappy the way Asky handled this issue as i emphasized my luggage was a priority
 Newark to Paris. My elderly parents missed their flight. There was a diabetes scare my mother is diabetic and we arrived minutes after they closed their checkin. Their offices were closed so we had to purchase new tickets for the next day btw French Bee charges for luggage and they are not listed on the terminal signs at EWR. When I called in at the next available opportunity to kindly ask to pay the difference in the tickets my tickets were insured, but thats not the point, the rude representative told me it was not a French Bee problem  elderly parents were listed as No Shows so too bad and have a nice day. PS French Bee may wish to list their name on the Terminal sign at EWR. Which they do not do. Feel free to reach out, French Bee. I will await your response.
  Guangzhou to Singapore. Worst flying experience ever. They charged USD 725 during the covid19 time to profit from those who have to fly and even at this price still without regular luggage allowance. I have to call them multiple times to buy additional allowance for my second piece of luggage and it turned out to be a nightmare. Rep is very hard to communicate, slow, and poor in English. It ended up with I failed to buy proper allowance without knowing it, and I was fined a lot at the airport. 
I flew PEKFNJ at the start of my holiday in the DPRK. I had a bit of trepidation flying on North Koreas state airline but was pleasantly surprised. The Tupolev was smart and modern and the plane was new. We had a reasonable amount of space and the staff were smartly dressed and friendly. The food was a burger with a mystery meat inside which was not very nice and I did not finish it. The air ticket was part of my holiday package so I do not know what it cost.
fastjet from Windhoek to Dar Es Salaam. Plane was alright and comfortable for this price. Cabin crew was friendly. You pay for your drinks and beverages on board. But they lost my luggage, and are not willing to pay any of my costs as they say they dont take any checked in baggage through another airline. Be aware of this, because I couldnt find this in their terms and conditions! I found it also really hard to get in touch with them.
  I paid for a business select ticket obviously more than an economy ticket only to find out that this does not get you any better class of seat, all I got in exchange for more than double the price was the opportunity to board the plane first. The seats are the same size as Economy the baggage allowance the same and I was 3lbs over and they wanted to charge me $75 usd. Lucky I has a back pack I could move an item over into. Once boarding customers just scramble onto the flight and grab what ever seat they like, it reminded me of back in my school days catching the bus home and all us kids racing to grab the best seats. The people who ended up sitting next to me just purchased economy seats and had the same exact service as me, this is just strange to me that I paid more and got the same seat, the same luggage allowance as customers who paid half the price. First and last flight with Southwest.
  Kuala Lumpur to Singapore. The flight turns out perfectly and it went wrong with taking luggage at belt 17, frame and wheels slightly spoilt mean like it was a part of quotation letter or statutory declaration letter to submit in order to claim the bag from Jetstar.
On 8th March I flew Virgin America in economy from SFO to LAS for $49.00 return. Was looking forward to the flight and it proved to be a positive experience. I was a bit put off by the loud rock music blaring by the checkin kiosk and a rather indifferent ground attendant herding people to and from the checkin area. I feel that airports are confusing and loud enough without the added distraction of loud music. I liked the mood lighting onboard and flight and crew very pleasant although the safety video was entertaining but to me a tad playful. The baggage charge of $25.00 was expected and on my return on the 10th of March I upgraded to First for $89.00 so the baggage fee was waived. The seats in First are very comfortable and pretake off drinks were served by a very pleasant stewardess. Value for money on Virgin America on this trip was great and if you have checked baggage do the upgradeits well worth it.
On the way to Cuba, the wait time was two hours for checkin. Baggage took an hour to arrive as well. On my return flight, I showed up 3 hours early as recommended for my 6am flight. We stood waiting until 5am when they told us the plane was delayed until 9pm. I had a flight at 8pm that night and asked for a refund. So many things went wrong with this flight but the customer service or lack of was ridiculous. I arrived to Mexico city at midnight and ended up having to purchase another ticket out of pocket for the flight I missed.
  This is the airline I experienced that the system will choose the seat number. We are 3 on board, checked in 5 hours before the flight, checked in together and how come that we are seated far from each other. As per the staff, seats should be purchase online. Really? Way to make money! Our flight was rescheduled and there is no even sign of gratification even having just the great service to compensate the delay.
MANSTRMAN. Another more or less perfect set of flights from one of the best low cost carriers around. Able to do online check in and get seats at the front for the outward journey. Middle seat was empty. Flight left early and landed 10 mins early at Stuttgart. On the way back flight landed 30 mins early. Tuifly also offer the option to prebook a snack which I did includes soft drinkhot drink and this is something other LCCs should offer. In fact for a LCC Tuifly offers a great level of service no charge for checking in luggage allocated seating newspapers and low fares plus friendly attentive Flight attendants. £30 was all I paid for this weekend trip so compared to RyanairEasyjet etc Tuifly wins hands down!
  Disgusted with this company. I flew early December and my flight was canceled. Things happen, I get it. Even though they strung us along at the airport postponing the flight for 4 hours before finally canceling it. Per their policy, if the flight is canceled they will provide reimbursement with a variety of options i.e. mealsridesrental car up to a certain amount. I was to be reimbursed for about 90$ and sent in all my paperwork receipts, etc. It took 6 weeks to get a check that was not authorized meaning I couldnt cash it. I called their customer service number which was an out of country call center and was promised a new check would be sent. It never was. I have made 45 calls every 4 weeks or so requesting a new check and have gotten no where on this issue. Some reps say it has not been processed through accounting, some have said its been sent and itll be here soon. But nothing.  Its now midApril and I think its safe to say this company sucks and I will not see my reimbursement. Dont fly with this company. They refuse to provide adequate help to their customers. Completely pathetic. 
 We flew with a family of 5 from SEAISTLHR RT in business class. The food and beverage service was tiny portions. The crew couldnt communicate clearly and after serving the food and beverages did not came back to ask for water, tea or coffee. The 11 hr flight from SEAIST was boring. The internet service was slow. We had a 10 hr layover on our return flight from LHRSEA and when asked to use their business suite in IST we were told that thy only give room suites if the lay over is less than 9 hrs. 
  On our way to Bangkok airport we received a voucher for the cancelled flight home!  A new internet booking for 9.000 baht isnt possible, instead we have to buy an overpriced ticket for 21.000 baht. After buying the ticket they didnt want to let us fly! We showed an email from the Greek ministery of foreign affairs giving green light for my wife  and they checked us through to Athens. In Singapore Scoot denied boarding to my Korean wife not me. we tried to show the mfa email, they didnt want to see it. The boarding staff sent us to Transfer D theres a Scoot office taking care of everything and they will help us. But in transfer D theres just a night staff, who cant do anything for us and many other Scoot nightmare guests.  No service, no food, no water, no help at all. Our luggage is not available  its behind immigration . If we go out, well be quarantined for 14 days. The Scoot manager is kidding us We need a medical certificate, we would get it in a clinic nearby. But this clinic doesnt test anyone  and the manager should know it.  No flight money back! The manager was generous enough to give us the flight to Bangkok instead of Athens. Since march 20 Scoot didnt refund anything, doesnt answer emails.
  I booked a round trip ticket from Munich to Addis Ababa for me and my daughter so that I can bring her back from Addis Ababa because the Egypt air website doesnt have the option to book for children aged 211 if they are not accompanied by an adult. And there is no oneway option just for her if I had bought a round trip ticket just for myself. With this option restriction being a mishap, on the return flight, I couldnt check in my daughter because they said she didnt fly together with me from Munich but she had already come with a oneway ticket prior to that. And because of this, I had to miss my flight since I cant leave without her and the agents at the airport checkin said I had to fix my ticket at a ticket office the next day. And because of this, missing the flight cost me additional expenses besides the extra flight expense that I had to pay which are the noshow penalty and getting a new ticket for my daughter. The website needs to have a section with details on the booking process on whats allowed and whats not. Because not knowing these limitations makes your customers suffer to such extreme levels be it mentally, financially, emotionally, and physically. Put a section where for certain types of bookings, it is best to do the booking at a ticket office. Because you are really inconveniencing your customers, I really had a bad experience with my 5yearold daughter. In addition, during the flight, I was covered with a blanket and my daughter was watching a movie but the cabin crew passed my daughter without giving her lunch but gave one to the person in the next seat, and my daughter me why she didnt get one when I called the cabin staff and asked she told me it is because she thought I was sleeping. It doesnt matter if I was sleeping if my daughter is awake, she could have served the food to her or woke me up.
  I dont know how things were in the past, but there is no current reason for a one star review. Flew from Beijing to Pyongyang. From a comfort perspective, Air Koryo was just like any international economy class seat. Yes, the inflight entertainment for the 2 hour flight was basically North Korean propaganda and magazines from North Korea  but surely if you are a tourist to North Korea that is exactly what you are interested in. In fact, youd probably prefer that to say Big Bang Theory episode reruns. The food was average. The service was perfectly passable.
  Gatwick to Dar es salaam via Kigali. Plane has a good cabin configuration with good seat sizes and leg room in economy. Configuration at the rear of aircraft allows a large number of 2 seat, allowing easymore access. Boarding at LGW was quick and easy. Cabin staff are efficient and happilyarrange passengers with infants and mobility to be in better seatsnear bathrooms. Meals were very good, surprisingly, as the presentation was not great, it was a very bland looking tray when it arrived, but the food was very tasty, basic, in my case Salad, Chick curry and a chocolate sponge.  On arrival at Kigali I was informed of a 6 hour delay to my connecting flight to Dar es Salaam, these are the moments that test airlines, how do they deal with this. In the same breath and informing me of the delay, I was informed we have a shuttle bus waiting downstairs to take you to a local 4 star hotel. Escorted to Immigration, front of que, a 10 second stamp of passport, to be whisked to the Hotel in 25 minutes to have a welcome juicewater, room keys and the wifi code. The room was a suite, toiletries and a note of what time lunch will be and pick up time back to the airport. Refreshed and fed, back 6 hours later, to have an uneventful connection to Dar es Salaam. Once again a bland looking lunch served on the plane, but again, it was very tasty, full of flavours. Kigali Airport, small, but works efficiently, the most armed Police I ever seen inside and surrounding an airport, but everything moves at a steady pace despite the numerous rigorous security checks.
Early January to celebrate an anniversary my husband and I decided to visit Dresden and booked a preflight hotel close by to LCY airport and seven nights in a hotel in Dresden. We booked with CityJet to fly off on 962014 and return on 1662014. In April 2014 we received an email from CityJet to say there was a reschedule to 24 hours later on both flights. We were not prepared to pay the increase to double the cost of our London hotel booked at this later date and so we had to lose this luxury we had planned. My husband went to LCY airport to check all was well and took along a hard copy of the email of the reschedule information. At the CityJet desk it was confirmed that we were booked on the 962014 and 1662014 flights. He informed the desk clerk that there were no flights on these dates and he was told that we were not booked on flights on 1062014 or 1762014 and that he should phone the 0871 telephone number on the reschedule email. He suggested that the clerk should do this for him. After 25 minutes on the phoneapparently due to a computer problemthe information was corrected. Obviously this situation was stressful but things seemed to go smoothly from thereon. However on our return when we went to the passport control to prepare to board our flight to LCY we were informed by the passport controllers that our flight was cancelled and advised us to return to the check in desk. Here they knew nothing of the cancellation and had to make enquiries. After a short time were told there were technical problems with the flight leaving London and it had to return to the LCY airport and another plane will fly us to LCY in 2 hours time. Instead of 13.25 we left Dresden at 15.45. The flight staff were good but no more CityJet for us for a while I think.
  This is a bad airline. I travelled with Kenya airways on the 20th of May 2023 and now is the 26 May 2023 and l havent received my bag. I was told the bags were left in Kenya. I have made several phone calls to Zimbabwe and also here l have visited their office in Dubai they are not giving mey bag. This is my last time to travel with Kenya airways.
 Saidpur to Dhaka. Worse airline ever. Late of 4 hours resulted in me almost missing my international flight. While I ask the staff at the desk about the schedule, they were not helpful, somehow rude, never informed me on the late schedule.
  On March 13 2023 I bought the tickets and within 3 hours after purchase I filled the refund form on their official website. After 8 days 21st of March I received an email confirmation of my refund request which would be processed within 14 days. As per their official website, they have a policy called Procedure 24H, which allows clients to get full refund for tickets if request is filed within 24 hours after purchase and the ticket number begins with 080. My ticket matched both of these criteria as I filed request form within 3 hours after purchase. But on 21st of March I received a refund of 68$ which is not even half of what I paid for tickets 419$. Their support team takes ages to reply, both on Facebook messenger and Whatsapp. They do not follow their own policies, just trying to rip off.
Berlin to Abu Dhabi on return to Australia, on A330 with 2x4x2 seat configuration. Late flight out at 8.55pm with slight delay 20 minutes on departure from Tegel. Air Berlin offers extendedextra leg room seats for additional cost on this aircraft but not made aware of this till after flight, and not available on codeshare with Etihad, neither is seat selection for this section. Used Air Berlin a number of times and found service and efficiency to be good. We had a good experience with ground staff at Tegel checkin as the Taxi dropped us off at the incorrect terminal, the checkin staff at terminal provided excellent service in checking us onto the flight and arranging second leg seating. This allowed us to walk over to the correct terminal and drop off check luggage only avoiding a reasonable wait at the general check in  big thumbs up to Air Berlin ground staff. Flight was up to expectations and free of any issues or hassles. The service was very good and the food was slightly better than on Etihad, amenities well maintained and refreshments served throughout flight. Overall very good flight and would use and recommend Air Berlin in future.
  We had  paid extra to be able to select our seats in advance as we want to make sure that we are sitting next to our two young children. For the second leg we had selected seats 33F, 33K, 33J and 33H. I was astonished to discover at boarding in Muscat that my seats had not only been changed post online checkin at Bangkok airport, but also at the point of boarding Oman Air were once again changing our seats. Twice after our online checkin and advanced seat selection without being informed. Neither of these seat changes were acceptable given that we had deliberately paid for Economy Smart class to allow us to select our seats at a cost significantly higher than the standard rate. The new seating had both our children sitting next to a stranger and my wife and I behind them. This is never a seating arrangement that we would choose as we always select three by a window and one across the aisle. It raises safeguarding issues with our young children as we do not know the nature of the people they are sitting with. I complained at the boarding desk who informed me that the flight was full but she would get customer services. Twenty minutes later the customer service representative turned up and informed me there was nothing she could do. I received no apology and had to board the plane with our 7 and 10 year olds sitting apart from their parents. They were distressed as were we. On our return I made a complaint through the online form only to receive a standard canned response. When I queried the response, as I hadnt received the service that I paid for, I received a one sentence follow up which does not make sense With regards to the seats please be advised that the selected seats were payable seats which required to be paid. I have since sought clarification on the response but have been ignored. I cannot fathom why Oman Air would separate children from their parents and not inform them until the gate, particularly when we purchased advanced seat selection through our choice of fare. Looking at who was sitting in the seats we originally selected it did not appear that they required special assistance and the aircraft was the same as advertised. Finally the response from the customer service assistant is lacking in compassion and understanding. His response to this issue, along with the service we received when attempting to board the plane is some of the worst customer experience I have received in nearly four decades of flying. I emailed senior executives about this issue, the emails have not bounced but been ignored. Do yourselves a favour, dont fly Oman air.
 I bought a return ticket from Brisbane to Sydney 28 Sep 2019 and Sydney back to Brisbane 29 Sep 2019 with Tigerair almost two months ago 8 August 2019. On Saturday 28 Sep I flew to Sydney on schedule. Then I received an announcement that the Flight on 29 Sep back to Brisbane TT374 was cancelled due to engineering requirements and postponed to Monday 30 Sep at 13.40pm. Thus, I stayed in Sydney one more day. On Monday morning, I got to the airport early, and found that the flight TT368 was cancelled also due to engineering requirements. The announcement reached my mobile phone at 10.39am 29 Sep. The available flight is on Thursday. I requested a Tigerair staff to buy a ticket for me back to Brisbane as I could not stay in Sydney longer, and I had to fly back to Brisbane on that day, otherwise, I would give a negative review. However, the staff did not care and said that he only could send me a refund. In the end, I bought the last seat available from Sydney to Brisbane with Virgin Australia at $375.00! I do not know whether the Fair Trading can force Tigerair to pay for my extra airfare. Tigerair is not reliable, and their service to customers is unfair.
 Firstly, I paid for full airfare for a Singapore flight ticket, which ended up as Scoot without a forewarning. Then, my original booking on 7th Jan 2023, got suddenly cancelled and was advised to take 6th Jan 2023, 02.00 hrs flight. I had paid for an additional legroom seat on the earlier flight, which did not transfer to the new flight. We ended up in a non additionallegroom seat, though we had paid 330AUD extra for that. Also the flight staff were highly uncourteous. One has to go and fetch water, even if you request.
  We paid an additional $100 each x2 for Sun Country DoorDoor service which included pickup from home to airport and assistance checking our bags through to our destination in Costa Rica. Shockingly, our bags never arrived. Sun Country admitted that our bags were not placed on the aircraft and advised that we could pick them up in Minneapolis on our return in 1 week. Imagine, no clothes, toiletries, meds, snorkel gear etc. They refused to forward our bags as they only fly to Liberia once a week. They made no effort to utilize another carrier. Strongly advise that you avoid this new, dysfunctional Door to Door service provided by Landline Services and be aware of Sun Country policy regarding your misplaced luggage.
  Bucharest to Larnaca. They charged me 70 euro for a bag. Because it was bigger than their size by 2 cm. Also, the personnel in gate control were very very rude.
  Amsterdam to Copenhagen. Arrived more than 2 hours before departure, checked in, went through security and waited in the lounge on November 7th. Shortly before boarding the gate was changed from D60 to M3. In the airport there are no signs to direct you to M3 and no staff could guide. To go from D60 to you M3 you have to exit through the baggage area and into an other terminal. Just saw the cabin door close when finally arriving at the new gate. Schiphol apparently shuffles low cost carriers around all over the airport in the last minute. Had to get a hotel for the night and buy an expensive lastminute SAS ticket to get home the following morning.
  The policies arent respected and neither are the customers flying Volotea. My wife and I flew from Santorini the morning of 20 May 2022. We purchased extra weight for our luggages and everything. The carry on luggage policy completely changed from when we first flew out to Santorini. Also the customer service is terrible. The way that staff at the gate speaks to priority customers is distasteful. Furthermore, if youre reading this, I strongly recommend not flying this airline and to pass the word. Volotea and Delta Airlines service has given me nothing but problems for my first trip out of the country. My rating is not for the flight service, its for the customer service and breach of policy.
  Had my relatives bought tickets for my parent to fly from Kuala Lumpur to Sydney in September 2022. Wanted to add extra baggage and contacted the airlines to get a quote. Was quoted a price up to RM300. So got my relative to add it only to find out it cost RM672. Was not told until a week later because I live in Adelaide and only received the bill late. So I immediately contacted the airline to clear things over. Wanted to cancel the purchase and was told I cannot. Wanted to speak to a manager and waited 2 days without any contact. Called them and had to go through another consultant only to be told a manager would say the same. I felt that this is a con because they did quote me a price but charged another when I took the initiative to contact them from overseas. To make things worst, I cant even cancel it!
  I had the best customer service experience! I dealt with Christine in the Seattle branch and she was expremely helpful, very professional, cheerful and informative. Thank you Christine for having such wonderful customer service skills and cheerful disposition! Totally made my day and makes me feel comfortable having my children fly without me for the first time. You are a wonderful representative for the airline theyre lucky to have you!
Booked C class round trip LAXPPT. Did not like the previous reviews so I was a little apprehensive. Also as I understand it only 3 of their 5 aircraft have the new C class. As is turned out the new seats were very adequate. At 20.5 they are a tad tight and they do not fully recline. Nonetheless my wife and I were able to sleep most of the way on a long late night flight. Staff were gracious and professional. Food and drink were very adequate but nothing special. All in all a good experience. Tahiti is a very special place and this is as good as it gets.
  London to Melbourne via Abu Dhabi. I have not flown yet, my flight is next weekend and want to know why my flight has not been cancelled? My flight transits through Rome and Abu Dhabi before landing in Melbourne. Rome is in lockdown due to COVID19 and the UAE has closed its borders meaning you cant transit through Abu Dhabi anymore. Furthermore, the FCO has advised against all but essential travel so this is utterly baffling! I am not happy as I expect this flight to be cancelled and given a full refund.
  We traveled with Air France and had nothing but issues. We had a cracked screen in row 12L. The USB port was damaged and the WiFi for the flight did not work. We landed in Boston on the evening of 15th May and waited for baggage claim only to not see our luggage. Staff told us to scan a QR code and fill it out. This is not customer service nor what they get paid to do.  Our luggage is still missing. 
  Flew with Lynx for the 1st time. I flew from Winnipeg to Toronto for May long weekend. The flight into Toronto was on time zero issues clean and I was quite impressed. Flight into Toronto was 1010 for value and timeliness. I also did not check a bag I only brought my personal item back pack they were not strict with requirements at all cause my backpack was totally full. My return flight however was a mess. Upon getting to Toronto airport to get my boarding pass they stated at the front that I didnt actually need my boarding pass printed that they would accept it on my phone I said are you sure? Because the man who was saying this has his female coworker behind him stating no they dont do that. So sure enough he did not print my pass. Once getting to the gate and close to boarding time they had everyone on the flight create a massive line to get their boarding passes since they were not printed off when they were supposed to be and the pass on the phone was not accepted like that employee had stated. After this had been resolved and they printed passes for nearly everyone they announced 2 flight attendants had not shown up for their shift but that a replacement will be there within 15 min so it would be a 15 min delay. The delay ended up being 1.5 hour delay. Once boarded they announced that had those flight attendants not come in last minute our plane would not have taken off. Luckily I made it home on my scheduled day but I would of hated to know how difficult it would be to deal with them had everyone have to stay and wait for another plane. Still undecided if Ill use them again they have been in Winnipeg almost a year already I think Im going to lean towards flair and swoop for low cost flights as I havent had issues like this with those companies
  I missed my flight due to a confusion with the flights in the airport Moscow SVO  when two flights of Aeroflot were scheduled to the same destination with a difference of approx. 20 minutes, but one of them was not shown on the departure board for some unknown reason. As a result I missed my flight arriving 5 minutes late to my gate. Other passengers were at the gate before me and still were not allowed to the flight. When I approached the customer desk in Moscow with my issue of a missed flight I still had three more connecting flights left in my round trip ticket. They informed me that the whole ticket was cancelled. It took them months to respond after and no support was provided with regard to my cancelled flights. How about the so called bonus miles program? Apparently its not even possible to spend them in any way if you havent reached 3000 miles. So, some of my flights with Aeroflot were not even counted in the miles account even though I travel quite often. Is there a bug not counting the miles even when you enter the frequent flyer number?
 Been on vacation to Punta Cana. Get to the airport and check in at 1030 am for a 100 pm flight home. Sat on the plane for 2 hours while they explain to us that theyre having computer issues. After 2 hours they make us all disembark from the plane and havent given us a status, just keep pushing the time out. First time ever flying with this airline, will be the last. Id be willing to fly the Three Stooges airline if there eas such a thing, before ever flying Allegiant again.
  Prague to Amsterdam. While my carryon fit handily into their receptacle, I was told it was oversized and that I would be able to pick it up after exiting the aircraft, as I had a very close connection at my destination. Pick up was not available, so I had to exit to the baggage carousel, and reenter security at my connection. This made me late for my flight.
  The flight got delayed for 2 hours without any reasons. Staff are very unorganized and rude. People are waiting in lines and the flight is not open. The price is as expensive as the other flight.
  I am a member of the loyalty programme of Saudia I had 3kgs extra in an exercise mat that could not be taken as hand luggage. I understand that rules are rules, however I was told that the issue was not the excessive weight. I then suggested wrapping the mat with my main check in luggage and was told that this was not allowed. I told them that I had done this with Saudia recently, the staff involved were unable to show me where it says that this was not allowed. The ground staff let the airline down and I ended up paying excessively without being told the reason. Was it that my ticket allowed only one piece of luggage? Why could I not carry some weight on my backpack if this would mean being charged less. The staff were absolutely unhelpful and offered terrible customer service. As passengers we deserve to have things explained to us. I will not be in a hurry to fly Saudi from London Heathrow anytime soon.
 Flyadeal price advertised price is not the real price which you will be asked to pay at the end of the booking process! You will be surprised with the additional cost. If you say from the start the flight cost will be for example 200$, why you add at the end 30$ for the seat cost! Where do you expect us to sit? On the wings or hanging on the airplanes landing gears! Hidden charges always leave the clients with negative experience, and indicate bad customer service.
The seats on this Air Mauritius flight were old and grubby, and the leg room poor. A good point was the seating layout of 2x4x2. The staff were polite and reasonably helpful. The inflight entertainment was poor and the screen was so small I had to wear reading glasses to watch it. The worst thing was the food  on the flight from Heathrow to Mauritius the food was just about acceptable, but coming back was dreadful. The dinner we left most of it and the breakfast was so dreadful that neither of us ate it. We have flown with many different airlines, but none have been as bad as that. On the flight home we were delayed 29hrs and were not informed until we arrived at the airport, then we were taken to the Holiday Inn by the airport. There was no apology or compensation for this inconvenience
  Transavia cancelled my flight without notice, stranding me in Thessaloniki. Over the course of several calls and a dozen complaint filings, they have claimed that I was sent a cancellation notice, then said that I was not sent a cancellation notice, and then said that actually, they didnt cancel the flight, that it was actually Delta with whom I booked the flight. Obviously, these things cannot all be true, and Transavia has adopted a business model of lying to its customers. I wasnt able to get to my destination, and am now out hundreds of dollars for rebooked travel and lodging. Do not fly with this shady outfit, they are unscrupulous and will screw you over.
I flew with Ural Airlines not very long time ago, and for a regional airline they are not bad at all. The aircraft seemed to be a secondhand one, watching at the seats of different textile, but it was clean, and without any tapes around the windows. The food was good enough, the only thing angried me, that there were no fizzy drinks available, compared to the last years flight, but crisis, what can we do. The cabin crew seemed tired, but I could see passion in helping people, I saw how the cabin crew attendant helped one person to eat, whos hands did not work properly. This is actually the best thing I can mention in the cabin crew. The flight was straight away on time. Of course it is slightly worse than Aeroflot or S7 Airlines.
  I decided to subscribe to the Megavolotea program for its discounts and facilities. I usually travel to Seville for visiting my family, And Volotea has direct flight from Bilbao to Seville. The cabin crew and ground staff are very friendly and very helpful. Being a Megavolotea they offer you the possibility of checking your luggage for free. I found the app very useful to do the online check in. The planes Ive flown are relatively new, clean and the seats were spacious. Our flight suffered a schedule change and we were notified several weeks before. I recommend this company.
  LOT Polish flight from Budapest to New York operated by EuroAtlantic Airways. The flight attendants are very nice and dynamic, food and drink are those of the company that rents the plane. The inflight entertainment is not so great, has only 15 movies, some music albums and a few tv shows. The flight map wast work but the seats were quite comfortable with enough legs space. Overall was a pleasant long haul flight, around 10 hours.
PEKFNJ. Interesting to say the least. Outbound was oldest plane I have ever seen in my life Il62 and literally falling apart at the seams. Propaganda handed out announcements regarding how this flight was made possible by the dear leader etc. Return was same aircraft type but much better shape. However upon landing in Beijing was quickly sweating due to no air conditioning. Not like you have much of a choice when flying to Pyongyang  snag Air China if you want a safe flight but Air Koryo if you want the experience.
Flights from London to Port of Spain and return. The plane on both flights was an old Boeing 767 a very noisy machine probably purchased second hand with lots of malfunctioning items. For example in both flights the in flight entertainment system was broken and entire rows could not either listen or watch the movies or both. Seats very dirty and one toilet ran out of water. Whilst on the flight from LGW to POS the cabin crew were professional and kind most of the return staff were rude cold and not professional. Food was in both flights below any good standard quality the breakfast was the worst ever. In Port of Spain thanks to the mistakes of the check in our small group who specifically asked to stay together and was reassured on that was scattered all over the plane.
DMEFRA. Checkin staff very unfriendly not even a smile. Onboard the hostesses spoke good English and were friendly and courteous. Entertainment was not available. Food was on the poor side and announcements were terrible! At DME all aircrafts appeared to be located at aprons away from the main terminal buildings so you have to squeeze on a bus that takes you to the aircraft.
LGWPOS 2 June 2013 BW903 Economy B767. Check in at LGW North Terminal was effortless having checkedin online. Had the added benefit of Priority Access as a Club Caribbean member as well as an invitation to the No.1 Lounge. Lounge situated at the far end of the Duty Free shops and relatively near to the CAL gate. Lounge greeting pleasant and the facility seems adequate. There will be no announcements which we were told at check in and so you need to be aware of the time. Crew were warm and welcoming as you entered the aircraft. Seating configuration is 232 and I would suggest any aisle seat in the middle 3 section. 2 toilets between row 15 and 19 and also at the rear of the aircraft. Crew were warm and friendly. Within the first 2 hours a hot lunch was served followed by a beverage service and a coffee and tea service. Later in the flight they passed around with some bottles of water and 2 hours prior to landing tea was served. Evident that IFE is from an older framework and the films play on a loop. TVs at every seat with a remote control. Heard many passengers complaining in both in both directions that TVs did not work at their seat. There is power at the seat near the floor and I was able to watch my own media. Flight left on time was smooth and arrived on time. Overall pleasant experience. Looking forward to this service in the future.
  This is my 1st time using Batik Air with Business Class. From Jakarta to Perth, transit at Bali. Really bad Service. At Jakarta the Lounge was so disappointed, the food is bland and cold, the soup pot lid were broken and they use like aluminum foil cover with tape, and the toilet was so dirty. Arrived at Bali the thing getting worse, they take Economy Class passenger at the Business Class counter, me and another 2 passenger end up standing about 45 minutes, until the passenger behind me go to complain and finally we can get our turn. Next, theres no Batik Air Lounge at Bali Airport, you gotta be kidding me!!!
  Short hop from London Gatwick to Madrid. First time on Iberia Express. Checkin was chaos and was told I was lucky to have a seat as flight was over booked by 10 people. Not good. BA codeshare flight, however you cannot check in at BA static machines to checkin. Manual check in only. Flight was crowded and a bit cramped. But showed all the traits of lowcost which it is and a legacy airline for backup. Crew actually friendly and worked hard which is not always the Iberia way given my previous poor longhaul experiences on Iberia  this point was refreshing today!. Value for money too and would use again. Did not purchase anything but prices looked reasonable.
BangkokTashkentBishkek. Flight attendants great. An older plane but was comfortable in Business Class with no other passengers.
  We purchased insurance on our flight from Cape Town to Johannesburg, since we werent exactly sure how we wanted to get from Cape Town to Kruger National Park, and upon realizing wed need to change the itinerary a bit, tried to cancel this leg of the trip. However, Safair only refunds in the form of a voucher valid for 12 months. We wont be in South Africa again within the year, for sure. There are no exceptions for international travelers, and its very frustrating.
 They do not care about covid at all. Packed airplane elbow to elbow and they pretend a mask will help me against the virus. No social distancing at all which is law everywhere else except airlines and Walmart apparently. Put my life at risk over a few extra dollars. Never giving them my money again unless they refund me for the complete disregard for my and the other customers health.
  Travelling during the covid19 times. Checkin on the counter was pretty smooth  cannot say the same for the app. First leg was pretty full  anout 8085, we left Entebbe with a slight delay. Was lucky that I was in a window seat with nobody next to me, so the flight was pretty comfortable. The food was ok  water, juice, 2 small baguettes 1 cheese  1 chicken  chocolate cake. Prepacked and really quick to hand out. It is known that they are nonalcohol, but they also did not offer coffee or tea. Cabin crew did the service quickly food, covid measures and immigration info and then came out again before landing. The transit time was pretty tight 1 hour and with a short delay I doubted I would catch the next flight. Cairo airport is not that big, but finding your way when hurried can be hard. After going to the transfer desk I was rushed to my next flight which had almost boarded. With the assistance of the ground crew me and another fellow passenger made it. The 2nd leg was about 25 full. Identical service. They offer a pack in every flight, which contains alcohol gel, alcohol wipes, 2 masks, and gloves. Landing was smooth, however my luggage did not find its way to the 2nd flight and it remained in Cairo. Did a declaration and it was delivered to my door after 2 days. All in all a rather good experience  there were problems, but the company managed to assist overcoming them.
Yekaterinburg to Novosibirsk with Ural Airlines. They made me check my carry on bag for no reason as aircraft was half empty. This caused a 30 minute wait in OVB in a terrible bggage area no WC, crowded. The flight boarded on time, but we sat 30 minutes past departure time without any explanation. A minute before we finally pushed back, the pilot said something in Russian, I understood one word cargo so the delay was probably related to that. However no English version for the reason. After takeoff we were served a sandwich with drinks which was OK. Crew were polite, and spoke English. NO IFE of any sort  seems to be the norm in Russia. Im flying Aeroflot tomorrow, and hoping for a surprise with the IFE. Bussed from aircraft to terminal in freezing cold 20c, while many jetways stood empty, but they must had their operational reasons.
  I would travel again with Eurowings. Friendly staff, even left my granddaughter go into the cockpit for her birthday. Left on time, landed on time, no delays and luggage was quick coming through  well done.
 Monastir to Budapest. Everything is okay. This is the third time if I fly with SmartWings. The food little sandwich is so tasty, and the water is cold, and everything is okay. I love this air company, and if I fly, I want it to be with the SmartWings.
  Melbourne to London via Brunei in August 2019. The first flight was Melbourne to Bandar was meant to be a 787, and when we boarded it was an A320, claustrophobic and uncomfortable it was for a 7 hr flight. Trapped in narrow seats, with hardly any leg room. I upgraded at quite a cost to business class for this leg on my return flight as we did not want to undergo this again. Bandar to London was OK, very average and nothing much to comment, but the airline did not apologise for the inconvenience of the first leg, let alone making any amends. All in all not a good experience, and I would never fly this airline again .. just a 100200 dollars cheaper than others. Not worth it.
  Cagayan de oro to Manila. Would it be hard to inform passengers that their flight will be delayed almost 4 hours? We have amongst us those who have to transfer to another flight. Passengers have to stand up and and approach staff when it is clearly their job to inform and update us. 
  Flew Batik Air from Sorong to Jakarta on November 23rd. The flight took off on time and landed in Jakarta on schedule. The business class seats are comfortable, however there is very limited services onboard. however the cabin crew were helpful. Baggage arrived within 15 minutes of landing. Overall not too bad a service.
  Flight out was without any problems, flight on time, staff very welcoming connection without any hassle London to Rome AZ207, then Rome to Algiers AZ802. Flight return  one issue which i am quiet concerned the lady from ITA Airways at boarding gate in Rome for the flight to London after desk check in our way to the plane asked for our passports my wife and mine and carried on with very embarrassing questions because we felt singled from other passengers. She was selecting by look and clothes yes so she asked us from which country we come from, my answer was from Algiers, then she asked my address in London then my Job, despite our Passports where both British citizen so i believe this is because we were not of European look. I have ever never experienced such humiliation.
  I have been in flight with Yeti Airlines for a couple of time during my stay in Nepal for a month. Both the flights were delayed by couple of hours. I was called at 400 pm but the flight took off at 600 pm. Similarly the flight at 730 is delayed for 900 am. This is the worst ever service from a domestic flyer. How could the service delivery of YETI be good, having such poor employees. I will never be flying on Yeti from next time.
 It was the smoothest landing ever and an enjoyable flight overall. The crew was very polite, and the departure and the arrival were on time in a minute.
Flew Air Moldova on the Chisinau  London Stansted route. Checkin efficient and quick boarding. The Airbus 320 was in good condition and crew very welcoming. Once onboard offered a cold meal and one round of drinks. Air Moldova makes a technical stop in Paris to dropoff and pickup passengers on this route. Given that total flight time to London including the stop in Paris is over 5 hours I think it does make sense to serve a hot meal and at least another round of drinks. I guess this was the only disappointment with Air Moldova.
  On time, clean. Employees helpful and courteous. Complementary water offered for this very short flight. Plenty of leg room. Not crowded. Overall, an enjoyable experience. Much much cheaper than competitors, which were experiencing problems.
  Denpasar to Jakarta. I was worried about this flight considering Batik is in the Lion Group, but I was satisfied with this last minute booking with Batik Air. Boarding at Denpasar was on time, and the crew was friendly and greeted everyone as they boarded. Some kind of premade sandwich was served but I didnt eat it. Clear announcements were made in both English and Indonesia. Arrived on time. Considering how low the price was for a sameday booking, I am very happy with Batik.
  Bangkok to Almaty. I travelled with the Air Astana for the first time and it exceeded my expectations. The airline staff was responsive and extremely attentive. No issue with any request.  The food variety and quality was outstanding I am considered to be picky.  The seats were very comfortable whether you wish to sleep or watch a movie. It was the best flight experience I have had.
KA 380 HKGFUK on 2512 and KA 381 FUKHKG on 11. Outbound flight on an A330300. Flight arrived a few minutes ahead of schedule. Staff service was quite impressive with efficient and friendly crew. Beef stew or curry both tasted good. Christmas chocolate was delightful. Wide selection of inflight entertainment. Seat was ok but I dont really like the bulky air bag attached on the seat belt. Inbound flight was on an A330300 as well. Did some research before the trip and knew it was the second oldest plane in Dragonair 21.2 years but I was instantly surprised by the new cabin. Touchscreen and charger were available and again a wide selection of entertainment. Seat was more comfortable. Cabin crew was as good. The meal tasted better than it looked. Arrived ten minutes earlier as well. A very good experience with Dragonair which meets the standard of her parent company Cathay Pacific Airways.
  Flight from Newcastle to Kefalonia was the best experience we have ever had. This was due to one flight attendant. He was friendly, helpful, knowledgeable, always smiling. Andrew Smith is the best FA I have ever met. Thank you for making the time pass by so quickly.
 Scoot is a horrendous airline. It starts with a totally useless and nonfunctioning website. Payments dont work properly. Unable to check in. Every time you log on you have to verify yourself via SMS, even though you are you using the same browser. Scoots website is the worst of any airline out there. Flights are often delayed. I will try to avoid Scoot at all cost!
  Appalling customer service! I arrived at the airport and when I tried to checkin for this Royal Jordanian Airlines flight I was told that they had cancelled my ticket and reissued it for a day earlier! They did not communicate this change to me. ITA ground staff were unfriendly and unapologetic. I managed to get on a flight departing at a similar time but with one stop rather than direct. Wrote to ITA Customer Service  Complaints but yet to receive a response.
 Very friendly check in staff, same goes for the lounge staff, however there was only one on the front desk, and was tied up selling with upgrades or lounge access which meant that we had a 10 min wait before we got access. Lounge itself was nice and had just been refurbished, how ever food selection was average with several things having run out and not replaced. Flight its self was good but due to midnight departure staff were just going through the motions. The beef tenderloin has to be the driest toughest piece of meat to have ever been served on an airplane. Overall I have had better experiences on other carriers. Emirates seems to suffer from hit and miss crew. Plane landed on time and for the price the service was not unreasonable. Still a bit poor that you dont even get a limited amount of wifi in business class.
  I purchased a Premium Economy seat and paid for a lie flat bed. Despite attempting to confirm my seats many times prior to departure, when checking in I was told that there are no lie flat beds on this flight. In fact the aircraft is only economy seating. I tried numerous times over a period of one week to contact their staff for a refund. Their chat bot is totally useless so I left messages, tried calling their overseas offices and always received just a voice message to leave a short message with email or phone number. Nothing! Its obvious that they cannot afford proper customer support service or are simply not interested and dont care. I have just checked online again for the same flights in September and they offer economy seats at $327 USD or premium economy at $853 USD. This airline has only one objective, take your money and if you have a problem dont contact us.
Flight SS927 Pointe Pitre to Paris Orly Dec 13 2013. Due to a technical problem the flight was cancelled. The problem is the total confusion in handling the problem dispatch of passengers information for a flight on the next day. The confusion was worse on the 14th and obviously the personnel in the airport is in dire need of training and requires competent management. The flight was supposed to depart at 18.50. At 21.30 while in the plane we were told the pilot finally had to go back to the airport with a few crew members in order to sort things out 7 passengers were on board who were nor supposed to be while 7 others should have been aboard and were not! Not withstanding the problem of their suitcases to be sorted out!
  Hong Kong to Kuala Lumpur. My first time boarding this airline. Very friendly, polite, cheerful cabin crews and excellent service. Food and beverages is very good and actually better than their sister airline Cathay Pacific.  Will definitely recommend them to other travellers. Will fly them again in future.
  I flew with Sky Airline from Santiago to Calama the closest airport to the Atacama desert and when getting my baggage it was broken  the strap of my backpack was damaged. I told airlinepersonnel at the airport but they refused to help and just pointed at the customer service which was supposed to contact me within 10 days. Of course I never heard of them so I wrote an email myself. It took quite a while for them to respond but with the same result as directly at the airport  they acknowledged the problem but refused to stand for it.  So in case you fly with them, hope that everything will be fine afterwards, you probably wont get compensated otherwise. The flight was exactly as youd expect it from a lowcost airline  they got me from A to B.
First time I had flown Eva for about 7 years. The product was very good. The flight was roughly on time, which I thought was good as I was flying out in Christmas Eve. It was actually the fastest flight Ive ever done at just over 10hours. Food was ok, movie selection has gone down hill.
Flight to Monastir. They were on time outboundinbound the plane was cramped and spent the flight with my knees jammed up against the seat in front of me  I was in the very back row 25. On the way back though it wasnt as bad in the middle of the plane. Seats ripped arms broken fabric coming off  bits of metal sticking out. Comments regarding food is true worst ever plane food. Found the cabin crew okay but I do speak some Arabic so that helped  they loved that.
  Flynas lost my bag on a flight from Jeddah to Amman a month and a half ago. Ive filed many complaints, sent many emails, made countless calls, and received promises to look into it and get back to me, but I havent heard back and havent got any answers in a month and a half. Really horrible customer service. Avoid this airline.
VIETUN. Boeing 737600 looked tired but inflight service excellent for a 2 hour flight. Flight attendants friendly. It is a shame that Tunisair does not keep its planes tidy and clean.
  Booked roundtrip airfare Athens to Santorini on Trip.com. To Santorini On Volotea Airlines, same day return on Agean Sir. Arrived at Volotea counter at 400 am for our 600 am flight. The agent arrived at 412 am. Collected our passports 3, and ticket confirmation provided by Trip.com checked her computer then said we must pay $30.00 each total $90.00 to fly because we did not check in online. When we said we were not told we must check in online she said that Trip.com should have told us and to call them though we did not have international phone or Internet US residents. I said I would do the online check in having accessed airport Internet. She said it was too late at 425 am to complete it, it was closed because it had to be done at least 3 hours before flight. When I asked for a supervisor she said no, then suddenly her English was not so good. In addition to the $258.00 already paid for the round trip fare, we had prepaid an excursion for an additional $300.00. We were forced to pay the additional $90.00 or lose $550.00. On our return from Santorini airport I asked the Airport agent if we had to pay an additional fee for our return to Athens on Agean. She looked at our printed ticket information and with a knowing look snd said no, thats only them, you wont have any problems, and I didnt. Beware of Volotea and Trip.com who when I called and explained the situation said it was the buyers responsibility to go to the airline site and find out their rules. There is no such statement on their site and the agent could not provide anything in writing to that effect. Horrible people, both.
 Extremely slow at response  will not answer when you need the most. Despite having purchased their travelflex, they did not allow me to modify my trip online  didnt answer my 20 calls. After which, unfortunately I had to abandon my flight and book a new one. I had to pay from my own pocket, although it was entirely their fault. Their phone lines were dead, messages not working, website not working  on the day I had to modify my booking. This was definitely not something which I paid for or was expecting. To add more dissatisfaction, when I raised a complaint afterwards, their response time is extremely slow and from last 12 days Im trying to reach for the status on my complaint but nobody would care to update. All in all, poor service and hassle to their customers. Will not book again and suggest others strongly NOT TO BOOK.
Premium cabin on new 717s provides access to seating in the front of the aircraft and a meal service. Value for money is okay  the fare and upgrade charge were significantly lower than for other full service airlines. If you are a Star Gold customer this is simply not worth it as you already have access to the SAS lounges. LHRHEL breakfast was a plastic box no refinements and free water in addition to free teacoffee provided in Economy. A very basic meal with a small portion of hot food. HELLHR was better with a hot meal and courteous crew keen to refill drinks. Other Star members on similar flight lengths Turkish Aegean TAP do a much better job. This is basic flying at the low cost end of the alliance. I have flown SAS BusinessEconomy Extra in the past and found service to be better the overwhelming impression is of plastic reduced cost and service stripped down to the bare minimum. The 717 is configured for 115 seats in 2x3 and not 120 seats as some have commented there is no seatmap available anywhere. Star Gold customers are given preferential seating.
  I was a little nervous to fly after reading some of these reviews but my ticket was already purchased so I went for it! Best flying experience Ive ever experienced. Both the Pendleton airport and Portland airport were easy to find and they both werent in the major airports so didnt have to deal with TSA or people. Check in was simple and from check in to boarding was quick. Take off and landing for both flights were great, best Ive experienced and little to no turbulence! Im wondering if the negative reviews were for flights taken during the months with crazy weather which would make sense as to why it would be scary so Ill probably stick to boutique air during the months with good weather! My flight home got delayed a couple hours but it honestly wasnt a big deal and they called and texted hours prior to inform me! Overall, best experience and Ill definitely be utilizing boutique air more! Definitely recommend
  I have flown a lot, and this trip rates as the worst I have ever experienced. I flew DXB  Zanzibar return FZ1687 and FZ1688, outward on 10102022 and return 18102022. The service from the attendants was appalling with only a plastic cup of water offered to drink with a sub standard meal. Attitude from the attendants was also poor. They preferred to sit in the back of the plane and do nothing than attend to passengers. The seating was uncomfortable and crammed, and the air conditioner was set uncomfortably high. I tried booking the emergency exit row for more space prepared to pay but it was not available online, and on embarking they were open but snapped up by passengers paying on the spot. All in all a really poor experience for an expensive flight. If I have a choice I will never use FlyDubai again.
  Newark to Manchester via Reykjavik. This is my 3rd time using this route to visit home and each time I wonder why I take it other then the price. Reykjavik airport is a miserable place with no where to get anything decent to eat. The people are the rudest Ive come across and very unhelpful. Youre lucky if the airline give you a glass of water, which considering the planes switch from steaming hot  no AC on the runway to be eco conscious  to freezing cold  excessive AC while flying. The seats have to be the smallest of any airline Ive flown with and the service is by far the worst. This trip I had the unfortunate need to change my flight due to a medical emergency, I booked economy so wasnt expecting much help. I got someone who after explaining that my son was in hospital undergoing major emergency surgery, had the audacity to tell me that no shows werent allowed! Seriously? She lectured me about giving me a one off change to my ticket and made me feel like I should be eternally grateful  then hit me with the up charge which was 50 of the cost of the original ticket. I will NEVER use this airline again.
  LHR check in was quick at the First Wing and quickly through security. The First lounge was quiet for a change and a reasonably good breakfast buffet available. While BA have brought back their Highlife magazine in the lounge, it seems they used Covid to scrap all the other magazines they used to offer, as part of the endless BA cost cutting. The toilets in the lounge were as disgusting as ever, not cleaned frequently on this visit and they are about 20 years out of date the public washrooms in T5 are better and cleaner. Boarding was the usual BA muddled mess, and two of the gate staff appeared to have no clue what they were doing. Endless announcements at the gate about being a full flight, requesting passengers to check in bags, only to get on a flight that was less than 40 full. Onboard a very good welcome from Captain and the flight left the gate only 5 mins late. Breakfast had 3 choices and was a fair standard. No hot towels or even packet towels offered in Club Europe any more, another part of the relentless BA cost cutting. I wouldnt mind but fares are proportionately a lot higher now than pre Covid. Cabin staff service was perfunctory at best, not a scrap of recognition for BA Gold or Oneworld Emerald members, clear proof that BA really dont care any more. Breakfast trays cleared 45 mins into the flight, and that wasthe sign for staff to stay in the front galley for the rest of the flight. Paid £4.99 for 1 hours wifi, and dropped connection for the next 40 mins. Sad to note that staff service on Ryanair is more pro active nowadays. Priority tagged suitcase came out nearly last at Malaga, this is standard for BA business class baggage handling. Do not waste your money on Club Europe, standards just keep dropping.
  Our experience with the company is simply terrible. I booked a flight to Surigao and not to Siargao islands with very similar names. Yes, the mistake is mine. The company did not try to help us understand that the islands are so close that the hour and a half ferry separates them, they treat us with terrible indifference. We paid a lot of money for the tickets because of our luggage. Their attitude just humiliated us. We tried to reach a compromise with them and book a ticket later in the day but everything was sold out. We asked for a discount for tomorrows flight but their answer remained we cant without showing any effort on their part. 
  Los Angeles to Seoul. Within the first hour of the 13 hour flight I experienced a chemical smell that has caused a severe asthma attack. I am highly allergic to paint, smoke, toxic fumes from new carpet and strong chemical cleaning agents. I fly a lot and it is the first time experiencing an asthma attack of this magnitude.
 I was in Stockholm waiting for my flight back to Birmingham in June. It was cancelled at 5am, 1 hour before my flight. I was sat in the airport, alone and with no help. Eurowings didnt offer any alternative flights, assistance for hotels or food. I had to make my way back into the centre to try and find somewhere to stay, which was massively expensive due to hostels no longer being available. The only flight I could afford direct back to the UK was 2 days later, and three times the cost of my origin flights. To this day, Eurowings still havent refunded me the full cost of my flights. Ive solo travelled a lot, but this experience shook me up, as I was left with no help in a foreign country.
  The plane and stewardesses are fine, actually theyre great. Just dont call the 800 number. They are rude! So rude they hang up if they dont like a question about anything. You call back nobody answers. I had an extra charge I wanted to ask about. Instead of answering it they hung up and I tried to call back. Nobody answered. They are out sourced too so I guess they are trained that way. But money is hard to make. Stealing isnt how I make money. So go with a large company. It does cost more but you ended up paying more with this company than I would have South west or any other respectable company. This was the first and last time with them.
SZXJDZ return. Did the same trip 7 months ago and was put off by average service and an old and dirty 737. Have just completed the same trip and what a turn around. Aircraft spotless with cleaners still scrubbing doors just prior to boarding. Aircrew immaculately dressed groomed and attentive. Meal was hot and tasty. This airline has certainly got its act together and considering they have a monopoly on the route provided a level of service above what I expected.
  Checkin at Ninoy Aquino International Airport was remarkably easy and organized for NAIA. Our flight was delayed by an hour due to the aircraft being towed to the gate approximately 15min before scheduled departure time. Boarding was organized, I liked that they boarded senior citizens like myself and my wife earlier. The cabin service was excellent, the flight was very smooth and comfortable. Some minor knitpicking, the interactive map was not functioning for the entire flight which disappointed me and my wifes entertainment screen did not function at all. No other problems were noted. We did receive all of our luggage at Honolulu International when we arrived. PAL must work on its ontime performance and fix some of the glitches on their aircraft in order to remain competitive. Unfortunately for PAL NAIA is probably PALs biggest Achilles heel, being too outdated and overcrowded. Also terminals are very far apart with not transit linking any of the terminals. A new airport is being constructed in nearby Bulacan Province which will improve access to the Philippines, and PAL can add newer aircraft to its fleet.
  Thai Smile Airways is not punctual, many times up to 1 hours late, the ground staff in Phuket are rude and inflexible. The cabin crew is fine. 
  Tel Aviv to Minsk. Aircraft refurbished inside with light blue seats, quite comfortable. Full service airline with low cost rates. A hot meal is served with a variety of beverages and smiles. I didnt expect such nice service. Crew was visible and happy to assist.
  I booked my trip via AMEX Web Site to travel from the US to Argentina for the 2019 eclipse. My name on the ticket defaulted to the name on the card using my initials of my first and middle name. I noticed this today, a full two weeks before my flight from the US to Argentina. AMEX and I called Aerolineas Argentinas to update the name on the ticket. The only option was to cancel the flight and rebook to update the name on the ticket. The replacement tickets was $2500 more than the original tickets $3300, plus no refund of any kind. I cant afford to pay another $5500. In addition now I have to cancel 2 more round trip flights that I had booked with Aerolineas Argentinas for domestic Argentina flights for a total of $1500 and I have cancel 7 nights of hotel bookings with no refunds. Im out $5000 just because the airline could not update the name from initials to my name. Maybe all airlines are like this, but never did I think such a simple change would cause me such a loss. The Aerolineas Argentinas agent first hung up on the AMEX rep and when we called back we got a different rep who seemed to know of my situation and he was unapologetic and extremely rude. He said while I was on the phone that he refused to speak with me. 
  I booked a flight which was 16 hours transit by mistake. I wanted to change, but the customer service was horrible and did not help. I took it anyways, I asked them iIf they were going to take me to a hotel since the flight is more than 8 hrs transit. They said Its not their responsibility. I stayed In Iceland in 16 hours and when It was the time to check in I had to pay extra money for my carry on. This airline supposed to be cheap but It isnt, they charge everything even water. I will not recommend this airline to anyone.
 Our flight was delayed 2.5 hours due to a technical difficulty and we were made to wait for the transfer buses for half of that. We were given a 45 QAR voucher which wasnt enough for a water and slice of pizza so we had to pay for the difference. On top of that the hostesses were constantly hounding us over having our feet in our shoes which is a bad idea since feet start to smell inside shoes and disturbs other passengers. All in all I got the experience I would get in a budget local airline and Id rather pay more using a different airline than to experience this again.
  Catania to Rome. Bought my ticket with window seat and checked in the night before with luggage. When I arrived at airport for baggage drop off, they charged me extra for luggage and downgraded my seat to middle all the while pretending to not understand English and refusing service. I hope others does not have to go through the same treatment.
  We had a terrible experience with this company. Traveling with 2 small kids we were assigned different seats, and also had to pay 40 euros check in tax, beacuse it was impossible to make the check in online. I understand that check in should happen at the airport when traveling with small kids, but why the extra tax? The staff at the check in counter and also inside the plane are very unprofessional. I would not recommend traveling with this air company unless no other alternative. 
  Coolangatta to Melbourne. Tigerair is the most disorganised organisation I have dealt with. My Travel agent calls me following a notification they received 24 hours before my departure that my flight departure is no longer 3.35 pm but is 6.05 pm. Because of car hire I have to return to the airport at 3.30 pm or incur additional fees. I check Tigerair website on the morning of my departure and it says I am departing at the original time of 3.35pm. Confused I call a Tigerair consultant you again tells me the departure time is 3.35 pm after checking the company website. When I query that and tell them of the alert I had received about my flight being delayed the consultant makes a deeper investigation and then confirms the update is correct the departure time is 6.05 pm. The fact the consultants depend on a website that is not properly maintained to give accurate information to travellers is maddening. Tigerair has lived up to its reputation for unreliable service and I will not be flying with them again.
  Do not fly with Icelandair. My wife and I upgraded our seats online so that we could have extra legroom Im 64, mostly leg. Moments later, when we realized that the upgrades were for seats that wouldnt recline, we decided to see if we could switch them to ones that do recline. The online system made it very easy, but we were charged for both upgrades. The company now refuses to reimburse us for the nearly $300 for the original upgrade for the seats we wont be sitting in. Disgraceful!
  The Manchester to Paris segment was very average with a very poor seat pitch but for a 1hr 20 min flight I could grin and bear it. However the Paris to Bangkok segment was excellent on all counts. The service provided by Aurelie Luche was outstanding, professional and ever so efficient and friendly. The food for the 11hour and twenty minute flight was plentiful and tasty. The overall comfort of the seat was not that outstanding but I have to say that what was my first flight with Air France it certainly wont be my last. Well done to the crew, especially to Aurelie.
  Id rather not go on the trip than fly with Air Canada. I was stuck for over 24 hours at the airport with no food or drink or idea of how Id get home. The flight was delayed 100 on them and the manager said he ran out of everything and wed have to sleep on the floor until someone can rebook our tickets. No hotel. No meal vouchers. Waited in line for over 5 hours. Had to scream in order for a answer to sleep on the floor. Worst experience ever, still trying to get in contact with them to receive a refund and compensation. No help at all. Customer service line has to high of call volume and hangs up on you.
  Cape Town to Johannesburg. I will never ever make use of FlySafair again. I am very disappointed. How do you people book a family with 3 small children on different seats even if we booked it a 3 weeks before the flight? When boarding, a hour before takeoff i must find out that i need to go to the Police station to with a copy of my childrens IDs to certify them. How do you charge an extra R250 per bag? This is unacceptable.
  I had to purchase this flight at the very last minute when Jetstar cancelled my flight. I enjoyed the flight. Service was friendly and efficient and the flight left on time. The meal was ok, although the taste was a bit dry. The wine served was both delicious. and generous. By and large a good flight.
I recently flew from Cairns to Bangalore via Singapore with SilkAir return. The aircraft was new and had a modern interior. The legroom though for a 6hr flight from Cairns to Singapore was inadequate and uncomfortable. Also, I found that when asking for minor things like some water, the staff seemed uninterested and like I was putting them out. Also, poor selection of choice from the SilkAir Studio to watch a movie through the inflight wifi on your device. Food was ok and adequate, but took a very long time to be served, much longer than most Airlines I have flown. Some positives though is the convenience to get to India, especially from a regional city like Cairns, with only one stop instead of two, unlike before. Also the price of the ticket was very reasonable considering it was peak season for travel to India. Overall, though I may look to fly another carrier in the future as my overall experience with SilkAir was not that great. Would much prefer to stick to Singapore Airlines.
  Bangkok to Almaty on Boeing 757. Quick and efficient check in and given priority pass and lounge invitation. Boarding was quick. Seats were angled flat but reasonably comfortable. Cabin crew were effective and had good English. Meals were quite tasty but not quite to the standard that I have come to expect from Air Astana. Flight was uneventful and landed a few minutes early. Luggage come quite quickly off the plane. Almaty to Moscow A320 Early morning departure and the traditional sit up business seat with reasonable leg room and comfort. Food was a little disappointing compared to previous flights. Portable entertainment with reasonable selection of films although I mostly slept. Cabin crew were good and again had very good English skills. Plane left and landed on time and luggage came very quickly off the flight.
  Once and never again. Totally unfriendly checkin, luggage missing for 8 days now, no reaction from easyJet, no one can be reached personally, just standardized mails and tape announcements. Calls itself a digital airline, but cant even find a piece of luggage that has been digitally recorded in the system
I was due to fly from Kigali to Entebbe and had made a reservation months beforehand. I reconfirmed by email about a month before the flight and two days before the flight telephoned to Rwandair in Kigali to make sure that the reservation was still valid. I was told that it was and the agent mentioned my first name which I had not given her on the telephone. When I turned up at the airport I was told that my reservation had been cancelled and no reason was given. Four or five other passengers were in the same position. We all waited to see if there were noshows but there werent. I would say that Rwandair which could not be booked through Opodo Travelocity or Expedia is to be avoided.
 Madrid to Odessa via Prague. Disappointed. On the first flight, we waited 45 minutes in the jet bridge, due to the plane being cleaned. Well when we got in, my seat was dirty, and there were crumbs all over the place. However, we did order the Inflgiht meal and it was amazing, if you do fly with this airline, I recommend buying an onboard meal. Our second flight, was delayed by four hours, departing at 2 AM. Once we got to our destination, we waited another hour for our luggage. By the time we left the airport, the sun was already up.
  I will never travel with British Airways again. I spent over $10,000 on a business class seat to attend a funeral in the UK. First, the Boeing 7879 cabin has 7 seats across the aisle so what you are getting in reality is premium economy. The seats are narrow and effectively are a business class seat cut in half. They have squeezed these seats in which means that some passengers bump their heads into the bulkhead when they stand up and many have to clamber over others to go to the toilet, which wakes up that passenger. The whole point about business class is that you pay to rest and have privacy and not have someone push over the top of you. Second, the food was disgusting. Third, the service terrible. Fourth, the toilet was tiny. Fifth, the inflight screen was fixed and too high so I could not see anything. Sixth, their baggage handling is also appalling meaning that my taxi was waiting for 2 hours and I had to pay more no free airport transfers with British Airways. Seventh, the charging points did not work. The second leg to London was on a larger plane with 4 seats across the aisle. That was bearable because no hopping over people but the seat was very uncomfortable because it was not one piece. This means that you are sleeping on a metal bar the seat where there is a gap in the seat. To add insult to injury I now find that both flights back to Sydney are on the small plane. To book a seat before check in is $170. I paid it but note that there were only 4 seats left. This is why I got the worst seat in the house going out. This is the most appalling airline service I have ever encountered. There is no point paying for business class in British Airways. 
  Beijing to Macau. Air Macau is the only one carrier operating 3 daily flights from Beijing to Macau. The aircraft they use on this route is A321. The flight attendants can speak English well, but the service do not have any shining spot. Dinner is provided on this flight, which tastes not too bad. Although the plane delayed for 30min to get airborne, due to traffic of Beijing Airport, the flight made landing 10min earlier than estimated, which surprised me.
I fly Cubana regularly 2 timesyear since 2003. I never encountered the delays and problems some people from Europe reported. For the food onboard I noticed that the quality out of Montreal seems superior than the one out of Habana  prices are sensibly lower than other airlines for the same quality.
  Dreadful in every sense of the word. Two flights were summarily canceled by text message in the last ten days No apology, no reason given. Lion Air cares nothing for their passengers and customer service is nonexistent. Quite apart from having our flights canceled, we paid 1.3J for PCR tests thats about £77 each which were then rendered useless. If you have a choice who to fly with, go with anyone else but LionAir.
  Manchester to Orlando return. We were appalled to find that we had to pay for everything, which we have never had to do on any long haul flight we had taken in the past. This included headsets £3 to be able to watch third rate films which costs £5. Drinks were very expensive, with a small can of Stella costing £4.00, J2o £2.50 and water £1.80. We were appalled by the food service which ran out of options on both the outbound and return journey, consequently we were offered the choice of main meals that previous passengers who were served didnt want to eat. You couldnt buy any wine with your meal as these had to be purchased on the drinks service which came around approximately an hour previous, and the meals served werent served on trays, but in their own containers. The breakfast on the homeward flight was a joke, we were served a small carton of orange juice, a yoghurt, and a granola type snack bar. 
Avoid Cubana Airlines. We went to the airport to find out that the London GatwickHavana flight was delayed by over a day without notice. It appeared the plane had come via Paris and French passengers were already on board. No explanation was given we received no compensation or hotel vouchers nothing. Coming back the same thing. We were only told at the resort when checking out that the plane was going a day later. We had to go via Paris where we had to stop to let French passengers get off and new ones come on board. He had to sit on the plane at Paris for over 2 hours whilst the plane was being cleaned. After over 15 hrs on the plane we finally landed at Gatwick. No explanation apology or compensation was given. It appears Cubana is saving money on fuel by combining their Paris and London flights. Therefore our travel insurance is not paying out for the hotel stay. The service was bad too.
  Taipei to Beijing. Very nice experience. When I finished my checking formality I found there were some forbidden liquid items in my handcarry, I was worried about this because my luggage already checked. But the ground staff kindly help me to find another box and packed it very carefully. This was very good experience to fly with Hainan Airlines.
One way Jetairfly flight from Antwerp to Berlin Tegel. 50 minute delay was only announced at the planned time of departure.? Nearly new aircraft the largest that is able to fly on Antwerps runway, thin seats but ok for short holiday flights. Very quiet and clean. Friendly professional cabin crew, excellent service. Prices of onboard food and drinks are for airline service reasonable. This airline often has very good deals available, even on short notice. Very reasonable price, but the available fares vary a lot. Flight was about 7080 full, so they dont seem to be doing too bad. The airline tries to be something in between a fullservice carrier, a charter operator and a lowcost operator. 
  Nadi to Sydney. A bit of delay but apart from that one of the best services weve experienced. Super helpful people, surprisingly good food as for the economy class and great communication. This plane doesnt come with inseat entertainment.
  Bangkok to Udon Thani. Fast checkin at Don Mueang airport in BKK, flight on time, enough space for hand luggage, friendly staff, seat ok, short flight. No complaints whatsoever!
 My family and I are absolutely disappointed by the professionalism by the flight attendants. We had an issue with another passenger with placing our luggage in the overhead bin and none of the attendants came to assist instead they saw it fit to just stare at us. When it was our turn to disembark from the plane, the flight attendant skipped our seat and proceeded to allow other passengers to leave the plane. I did not appreciate the flight attendants tone when we ordered snacks, she was not friendly. The service was just appalling and disappointing.
My wife and I returned from a week in Amsterdam on 17315. Our flight WX0196 was cancelled due to adverse weather at London City Airport so we were put on a later flight. As we approached for landing the plane took off again and we were landed at Stansted instead. There was an announcement over the PA system that if we made our own way to London we could reclaim the cost of travel back to London. So far so good as they cannot be held responsible for the weather. When I emailed CityJet they said they were not going to reimburse the £38 for the train fare back to Liverpool Street and that the announcement on landing at Stansted should not have been made. I paid nearly £300 for our return tickets so not budget price tickets. I will not use this airline again as their customer care is non existent. There are other airlines that fly from LCY so choose carefully. CityJet is operated out of Dublin by KLM and an Air France alliance so their ticketing will be on the same flight.
  Kuala Lumpur to Hong Kong. Great journey. The captain finished my fight log sincerely and the cabin crew offered me some nice goodies, including chocolate for C class passengers. Email that the flight would delay was delivered to us half a day in advance, what a good assistance!
GLALCY E190 aircraft. Very full flight but cabin service was excellent and friendly and the flight both punctual and enjoyable. Would highly recommend BA Cityflyer to London City very quick and efficient connections to city.
  This flight was reserved weeks ahead of travel and was part of a journey to enable me to travel to London with a connection in Madrid. Firstly the website would not let me checkin online although I had chosen my seat on the same website when I reached the airport it transpired that my seat had been changed. I ended up at the very back of the flight by the lavatory. The flight was delayed and the lack of communication was a real concern, A group of Chinese passengers became anxious as they had a connecting flight and sadly the ground staff were rather rude and ignored them. Boarding did not follow the rules at all and was chaotic with a few passengers going back through the barrier to use the lavatory! The ground staff did not seem to care one iota. Incredibly passengers were allowed to take on far too much luggage. Once in Madrid a passenger realised he had left a bag behind at the airport in Seville the cabin crew member did not care less and shrugged her shoulders and pointed the man to the exit.
  San Francisco to Paris Orly. This was my first experience flying a low cost carrier internationally and I wish I had been better prepared. The flight to Orly was fine except the seats were extremely uncomfortable  they are molded resin and my body did not match the mold they used! The food was almost inedible and you have to pay for wine! The return trip was a nightmare  somehow they had reversed the names of my granddaughter and the check in person refused to issue a boarding pass! From then on the nightmare got worse as I was referred from counter to counter  after two hours of this they finally issued a boarding pass with the original name reversal!The Orly French Bee staff were poorly trained or nor trained at all and the counters were dramatically understaffed. If you are going to fly French Bee, take your own food,make sure you have pillows etc. as these are not provided and accept there are no freebies at all!
  Simferopol to Moscow Vnukovo. Was very surprised when saw aircraft type Boeing 747400 while booking, and actually it was  which happens rather rarely for a 2h flight! Booking and online registration were done via Aeroflot interface and were quick and efficient. Ground staff were a bit annoyed but not rude. Simferopol airport doesnt have a possibility to serve widebody aircraft near the terminal building, so we had to get to the plane by bus and it took a long time. The aircraft was a bit tired but nevertheless convenient, also I have no complaints for the cabin staff. Food including a cup of waterteacoffee and a sandwich didnt look appetizing. The cabin is equipped by an ancient IFE system but its not working for now. Came to Moscow in time, no delays. I managed to book this ticket rather cheaply 90$ OW, with baggage so this is a decent service level for such a price. OK for short flights, but I consider that travelling this airline on longhaul routes may be bothersome.
  Delhi to Mumbai. Our departure carried a two hour delay  with no explanation and no information provided. The flight, however, was good but the cabin crew seemed friendly but didnt say very much. Our two hour delay equalled a late arrival which was a shame but there was no apology and still no explanation as to the lateness of the departure.
 Very nice flight. Left on time despite a very very full flight. Very nice crew. Kudos to the pilot very nice and funny above all a very reliable carrier  hope they can keep the good work.
 We chose Zipair because the business class seats were incredibly reasonable. The checkin process was easy and quite professional. Boarding was easy. The flight was great with the seats that went flat and allowed us to sleep a bit on a 9 hour flight. The food we preordered was pretty good for airline food. The only negative is that the cabin crew never came by to check on whether we needed anything. Not a big deal. We think that Zipair is a very decent airline and hope we have the chance to fly again soon. My wife loved the business class seats. We got to LAX feeling better after a long flight than we ever have. Thank you!
Short hop from Nice to Calvi. Hardly any people onboard. Crew were not particularly friendly or welcoming but we were served a cookie and soft drinks. Landed smoothy although slightly delayed due to a missed approach. However tickets were cheap and luggage included. All in all a decent experience.
Nov 1 AlgiersGhardaia by ATR 72. 1 hrs late departure due to late arrival of the aircraft. Confusing as destination Oran was shown at the departure gate. Flight full. Some biscuits water and a soft drink was provided. Announcements in French and Arabic only. It is a domestic flight but on arrival and departure immigration has to been cleared. Return Nov 3 Flight ontime long wait for the luggage in Algiers because of a parking problem. Airline recommended as flying is better than 10 hrs by bus.
  Terrible booking management service, horrible airport, bad airconditioned flight. This is the worst airline I have ever flown. I had to change my flights to a week later and after contacting the airline by phone, Whatsapp, Messenger, Instagram and Email, nobody helped me for 4 days. When someone eventually decided to assist me then they keep on requesting information that i had sent them more than 5 times within the same chatconversation. Then continued to tell me this was my error when after i made the payment to change my flight through TAAGs online platform, an error page popped up and i heard nothing else in return. The airline took my money and I heard nothing back from them. Tthe aircraft was incredibly stuffy and hot and the airconditioning did not work.  Will never be flying this airline again after my return flight. Absolute disappointment and definitely not worth the little money you save compared to other airlines.
 Thanks Cape Air! Stranded in Boston. My flight from Boston to Rutland is cancelled  I received an email from Cape Air a few hours before I was supposed to fly out. Just like that. No offer to make other arrangements, no offer of a refund, absolutely nothing. Cape Air customer service is closed. When I wrote them an email to the address found on their website it bounced!
  Manchester to Dalaman return. Flew with Thomson Airways and was very very disappointed with the service and the quality of in flight features. The seats were extremely uncomfortable and old. The interior of the aircraft was filthy on both the outbound and inbound flights. The crew were rude and not welcoming at all. Overall I was very disappointed with Thomson Airways.
  Absolutely awful experience. The flight was decent. The food was hospital quality. Condor lost my luggage. When I went to report it, the lady in the window did minimal work to help us get our bags back. A man came out of nowhere and started speaking down to me, waving his hands at me for no reason. We treat people with respect, even if we are upset, the way he postured towards me was both unprofessional and disrespectful. When I asked his name he covered his name tag up and ran into the office. We canceled our return flight with condor and ate the charge rather than go through an awful experience again.
 The whole process from start to finish was a nightmare. 1 First of all I thought I had Prebooked my seats for this flight and wanted to confirm with Air Canada. I tried to call in to Air Canada and after 2 hours of waiting on hold I gave up. 2 24 hours later I was able to book my seats and found I was sitting in a middle seat on the 27th row. I always want to sit close to the front and sit in an aisle. I was very upset and could not change it. 3 Getting to the airport they would not accept my pre registered booking as my husbands middle name was put backwards first and last name was correct. We tried to register on the machines but it would not issue a ticket for my husband. We had to wait over 1 hour in a line up to get our ticket. 4 From there we had to run through security and terminals to get there just in time to board. 5 We finally got onto a cramped Rouge plane filled with crying children all around us. So cramped you could hardly get through the passage. In truth I felt like a cattle of animals. There was barely room for your legs. Food and drinks were non existent until the last 40 min of the flight. This was truly one of the worst trips I have taken. WestJet in my opinion offers better service, leg rooom and comforts. I think its time to up the ante. I fly approx 1214 times a year and this honestly was one of the worst flights I ever had.
  My flight Copenhagen  Prague on 9th May 2017. Everything was perfect onboard the aircraft. Comfortable seats, friendly and nice cabin crews. The only problem was waiting for security control in Copenhagen it is not the fault of CSA Czech Airlines and secondly was that the flightdeck crew departed before even the safety demonstration video had not finished.
First leg CDGTGD in new E195. Cabin had no interest in their PAX whatsoever. They gave food 20 minutes before the drinks round. They had several choices of sandwich but didnt inform about it. Return TGDCDG with more experienced cabin crew in old F100 which has more legroom. Friendlier cabin crew gave food and drinks at the same time. Landing was quite an experience as everything started to shake in the plane. Good airline if you get the right cabin crew.
Durban to George with Airlink. The Embraer aircraft was clean and comfortable. The air hostess was friendly. On the 1 hour 45 minute flight we were served a chicken wrap which was good. Even on our 45 minute flight from George to Cape Town we were served a cheese sandwich. However Airlink are fussy with luggage. They only permit 20 kilos not 23 like on larger aircraft. Fortunately South African weighed our bags in Durban and made no comments. However in George Airlink do the check in and were charged excess luggage fees. But for 7 kilos over we paid only 15 US dollars. Our flights left and arrived on time. Fares on this airline though are relatively expensive.
  This was my second Thai AirAsia flight this year flying from Hong Kong to Chiang Mai, the prior one being from CNX to HKT in January. I paid extra for the Hot Seats and had seats in Row 1 each time. These seats have plenty of legroom and werent that much more money. I also prepurchased meals on a couple of the flights and prepaid for checked baggage on my flight in January. I found the FAs on all flights to very friendly and helpful as were the ground staff. The Hot Seats get you priority boarding which is good if you have carry on. The prices for drinks on board are also very reasonable. I paid $3 for a Singha beer which is a bargain considering US airlines will charge $7 for a beer. All in all I had good experiences on all my flights with them and would not hesitate to use them again.
  Terrible service. Overcharged for baggage despite published price. Horrible old plane with bad options to get drinks water, soft drinks without paying.
  New York to Tokyo with ANA. Unbelievably good from gate staff right through to landing. You have not experienced business class until you fly in the room. Best business product out there. Food was exceptional, FAs were excellent. IFE screen state of the art, but enough movies to get you through a 14 hours flight. Highly recommended.
  Tried to book a ticket, but kept getting error msg saying that the flight request was unsuccessful, please try again. After trying 4 times it finally worked. However I was charged for 4 tickets. Got confirmation mails for 4 flights but the 3 failed attempts without flight number or anything. Also its saying that i paid by cash while it was booked off my debit card. Frustrated I tried to contact the airline which is not properly working through their whatsapp service as well as on their homepage. Wrote emails but never got an answer. Finally someone replied via chat with a standard phrase please click this link for refund. The link was a link to google translate. After researching i found the refund page. But in order for me to request a refund i need the flight number which was not given to me for the 3 failed attempts. Therefore I can not request a refund. This is by far my worst experience.
London Heathrow to Gran Canaria was booked through British Airways and operated by Iberia Express. Terminal 5 is fine, the information  check in lady was charming. I had pre booked an exit row seat and this was fine apart from being a bit on the firm side. Three hours into the flight found me struggling to get comfortable. Aircraft was new looking, bright and cheery with good music. Cabin crew were very smart young ladies who seemed to enjoy their work. The flight landed 25 minutes ahead of schedule which saved the day a bit comfort wise. There was no catering supplied unlike BA who offer a drink and a snack on their services. You could buy refreshments but I didnt bother as I had eaten at Heathroiw and was going to drive when I got to Gran Canaria. A positive experience  baggage reclaim and car hire went very smoothly.
Business Class below standard despite the new airplane, with Economy seats fitted into business class shells lying flat. Definitely not a business class seat. Very uncomfortable and narrow, not suitable for tall people. Boarding was a mess, keeping us waiting 75 minutes standing without any news about what was happening. The call centre barely speaks English. Strange service with first row of business being more expensive and getting different amenities than other passengers. Kept on promoting paid upgrades until the flight left as if trying to collect money as much as possible. Definitely a low cost business class below standards airline company despite the publicity made around the new aircraft and seats. Would not advise to fly Condor at all even in Business Class in the Airbus A330 Neo.
 Thank you for the cabin crew for making my trip so lovely, I dreaded the layover but both flights were so smooth. The cabin crew was very professional and helpful.
 Reserved Emirates flight from London Gatwick to Dhaka via Dubai. Booked economy Seat From LGWDXB Paid Upper Deck Seat . Dubai Dhaka Business Class. Reported at check in desk on time. Double check with counter that, when will get Wheelchair. The lady from counter replied that, not possible to provide wheelchair as my seat is in upper deck. I asked her if any complications for wheelchair just arrange to drop me in boarding Gate. She told me not possible at all. If I will move my seat from upper deck to main deck then only possible. I asked her why. She told me we Emirates dont provide wheelchair service in upper deck. I asked her what will happen, the passengers who needs wheelchair assistance  traveling in business class obviously seats in upper deck. She didnt respond. We can not provide wheelchair assistance in upper deck. I told her no need upper deck as I need until the boarding Room. She refused me. Very worst service ever in my life. Avoid Emirates, who need special Assistance I mean wheelchair.
  Windhoek to Hong Kong via Johannesburg. As SAA Voyager member of many years I find that my miles and being a member of this club hold very little to no privileges. This is reflective in how hard it is to even contact somebody at the airline as the phones just ring  I have to employ a travel agent to do this. The bad experience already starts in Biz Class Lounge in JNB  hopelessly overfilled, poor selection of food and drinks and they run out of ice. No departure anouncements. We get onto the aircraft, we find that my wifes seat belt installed incorrectly very much to her discomfort which they could not fix. The electronics in my seat played up which they could not fix either. On the flight to Hong Kong the temprature setting was far too high and cabin staff ignored the request to lower it. The food selection was bland and of very poor quality. No selection of newpapers or magazine  the racks remained empty on both flights. On the return flight my inflight entertainment system broke down in the middle of the movie I was watching. They could not fix. Overall the seats in business class are worn and and the same applies to the blankets and bed mat that cabin crew hand out. After dinner service the Cabin Crew is nowhere to be seen   when I went behind the galley where the door to the cockpit is siuated I actually found a signboard which read Silence Cabin Crew resting. The airline has been plagued by politcal interference, lack of funding and management  this has also become clearly evident in the passenger flying experience.
  Frankfurt to Jakarta via Beijing. Nightmare flight! For an affordable airline I was not expecting too much. Because of nationality Brazilian living in Germany I could not make the online check in. Therefore, I could not mark any option for special meal request, as I am allergic to sea food, I usually like to order the vegetarian meal to be on a safe side. My flights from Frankfurt  Beijing  Jakarta were fine. There was a long layover in Beijing and they offer free transit lounge use. I would like to highlight here that the propaganda in the website about the lounge is already misleading. You are limited to a dark and often noisy and crowded area. I ended up preferring to stay in the airport. But my flight back from Beijing to Frankfurt was a complete nightmare. The crew were serving sea food. I called the air attendants and told them that I have a really strong allergy and the smell was already causing an allergic reaction. I faced a completely unprepared and careless crew. They didnt let me to leave my sit and just gave me tissues! I told them several times that I just needed to find a place away from the smell. I had to stay there, barely breathing and feeling sick the whole flight. Additionally, the service is super slow, food is bad and entertainment options are limited. Never will fly again with them!
  IxtapaZihuatanejo to Mexico City. Once more a delayed flight, just three hours but without any guarantee. Just we hope that more or less at 4pm we will have a plane. Incompetent and unfriendly staff, truly the bad side of Mexico, just the image the country does not want to give. Everybody here gives you the impression that they want you out of their face and expect you to be thankful that there might be a flight after all. Which is not yet secured.
  Pricewise this is the cheapest airline on this route. But a 6 hour longer detour. Flights overall were OK, nothing special. Food and service on both flights so so. Very limited choice and not very tasty. Staff not very attentive, however on this point I must say that wearing these facemasks does not contribute. All by all nothing special and in our view an airline at the lower end of the spectrum. Pretty good seat and plenty of leg room on the A321. In the A330 the inflatable cushion of the seat was not working and one of us had to sit on the metal frame. Maintenance staff could not solve the issue, cabin staff finally offered a pillow. Not very comfortable on a night flight. Lying flat lie flat seat it was pretty OK. The transfer on NAIA was an absolute disaster. It had a major impact on the overall experience hence our overall view on PAL. We had 3 hours to transfer, and it took us 2  hour. Ground staff is keeping themselves busy with inexplicable activities, leaving a queue of hundreds of passengers who had to crawl through a very small space, in the dark. First, one had to obtain a small stamp on the boarding pass for what reason unclear, nothing was additionally checked after that the cabin luggage had to be scanned again was already scanned in SIN, suitcases had to be picked out and opened for another check drugs? with a cotton wool pad but without putting it in an analyser. Afterwards the suitcases were loaded. Finally at the gate the cabin luggage was scanned again. The experience on NAIA was absolutely stressful, to put it mild. The final question is would we fly PAL again? First reaction no, not likely.
 Flew to Bangkok Suvarnbhumi to make shortish international connection. Fly this route very often. This time things did not work out so well. Flight took off 20 minutes late. No announcement or apology offered by cockpit crew. Already I am starting to get nervous. Shortly before landing in Bangkok cockpit announces that due to congestion we will circle the airport for a while, My nervousness increases. On landing luggage takes 40 minutes to arrive. To make it in time to my international connection I have to run to get through security frequently long lines and immigration always long lines. Breathless, but I make it. Next time maybe I will take an earlier flight. Cabin service excellent. I ordered an optional meal  the Asian vegetarian  which was delicious. And, of course, the very convenient and friendly lounges, with snackies, popcorn, beverages including a cappuccino machine open to all passengers.
  Do not book with this airline! Very unprofessional. Sat in Tampa for 3 hours because flight was delayed due to weather but the weather was not bad at all, very sunny. Sat on the plane for additional 1 hour because they could not find the pilot. On my way back now and same thing is happening flight is being delayed. Not worth the headache.
  Worst company ever! Flight was rescheduled for 10 hours earlier without notification and we missed it! The other flight from Medellin to Cusco got also rescheduled 3 times without notification. First promise to refund then deny it always in a written format. Will never fly with this company! Avoid it!
  We were very disappointed by the following Seats very cramped, when queuing for the toilet you felt you were imposing on peoples personal space. Service poor  we waited for over two hours for some water, our wine with dinner on all flights never appeared. On each journey we only had one drink! bearing in mind our flights were all over 11hrs. The inflight entertainment system didnt work on our last flight, the only things available was BBC world news and a few games. The food selection was poor and often ran out. On one flight both meals had bland, dry pasta for the vegetarian option. the vegetarian curry option on another flight was actually very tasty. We will not be booking with airline again and have advised friends and family to avoid.
  I had 4 flights with Xiamen Air during one trip. First flight GuiyangFuzhou was delayed for an hour. 2nd flight Fuzhou  Kuala Lumpur was fine and with no problem. 3rd flight Kuala Lumpur  Fuzhou was delayed for two hours, 4th flight Fuzhou  Guiyang was cancelled. They replaced last flight with the flight next morning provided transfer and hotel and this flight is delayed too! Right now were sitting inside the airplane and waiting for the info on how long delay is. Each time their excuse was  air traffic. Thats all unbelievably awful!
  I originally booked a 9 am Jet Blue , B6340 departure Jacksonville Fl that i would arrive in NY well ahead of The drive rush hour to CT some 39 miles away. JB changed my flight to a 1230 flight that got me to NY at 245, middle of the rush hour. 3 hour drive in heavy traffic to CT. RETURN FLIGHT June 7. Flight 2339 Flight delayed 3 12 hours as they used our aircraft for a fully booked flight to Tampa, our Jacksonville flight was about 60 populated. The cabin crew or dispatcher or whomever is responsible for catering the aircraft failed to notify the caterer of the new time, gate etc whatever is needed for the caterer to know where to meet the aircraft. Many passengers were aware of the aircraft switch off and voiced their disapproval of this move. I heard many folks like myself resolve to never fly Jet Blue again. The crew did a very nice job of taking care of us however they could not offer hit coffee or tea as the plane was not catered, Jet Blue offered us a 50$ credit which is nonuse to me as i will never use this airline again. This is the third time JB has botched my flights from or to NY where I travel on a monthly basis. On one JB flight that was cancelled I booked a Delta flight home from JFK after getting a cab from LGA so i would not have to wait 36 hrs for a connecting flight thru Boston to get home to Jacksonville flying Jet Blue. This cost me 559$. No more Jet Blue, they really do not manage the company as though they care about the passenger. 
  In my experience with flying with Ryanair in my opinion it is quite a good airline for the price. The seats arent the comfiest but i havent had any bad experiences with them so i would recommend them.
  No one enjoys a long flight, and ours was over 12 hours, but we really appreciated the quality and friendliness we found on All Nippon Airways! The food was delicious and came just when we felt a little hungry. The airplane was spotless and so well cared for, with lots of amenities even for those of us in Economy seats. The flight was flown steadily and comfortably even though there were storms in the area, and the flight attendants were amazing  professional and kind. What really impressed us though was when my mom accidentally dropped her phone on the plane. It had her ID info in it, and when they found it they sent someone all the way across the airport, through customs, to a different terminal to where where we were waiting at our next gate in order to hand deliver it to us. I wish we wouldve gotten the name of the man who brought us the phone because he even stayed around just to make sure we were taken care of since he knew our original connecting flight had been canceled. We highly recommend All Nippon Airways for the best flight experience possible. To say they go above and beyond is absolutely an understatement. Thank you!
  I had the worst experience with them I cant even explain my frustration. The night of my departure they told us 2 hours delay then another 3 hours then they said you know what its cancelled. They booked me another flight the next day I reached to Dubai and the next flight was already gone by then. 
  Tiblisi to Gatwick. Ive already written one review of Georgian Airways which was submitted prior to my first flight with them but Ive now returned from Tbilisi. Id say that if you want a taste of what flying was like 25 years ago then Georgian is your best bet. There is no IFE, no choice of menu, unsmiling stewardhostess service, and unintelligible safety and pilot announcements. On the plus side leg room is good and both flights were on time but there is nothing special or even average about the service and the airline which would make me recommend them to anyone. The head office service is no better than the cabin service so it took numerous phone calls after arriving in Georgia as well as a one hour visit to their head office to sort out arrangements for alternative inbound flights, as referred to in my first review. No one replied to our emails and FaceBook messages and no one returned any of our calls despite promising to do so.
  Honestly it is the worst airline I have ever tried in my life. Never again. My flight from Male was supposed to depart on 7 may 2022 however after doing all the process and entering the plane after 3 hours of delay, Saudia decided to cancel the flight just before departure. Imagine we were inside the plane and they told us to go out as the crew need to rest. What a stupid excuse. Everyone was shocked and thought its a joke. However it was a nightmare as we have to wait in the airport for 24 hours for their next flight. None of the crew where giving any explanation beside they were so rude, arogant and unprofessional. Anyway i learned my lesson never ever fly with cheap dirty and unprofessional airline like Saudia.
  Krabi to Bangkok. Never again, they have updated their policy on 15 January 2019. You no can have free luggage anymore, we had to pay an extra 3000 baht for 10kg. This was not communicated to us at all. Flew with them 3 times over the last 6 weeks prior to the update. I wonder if this is even legal, but they have you at gunpoint when your at the airport. To me this is unheard of and very bad customer service.
  Due to winter storm in Chicago, they cancelled flight from Kochi to Dubai and Dubai to Chicago. The winter storm issue was with the second flight. But they cancelled first flight because they dont want us to stay in Dubai because it will cost them accommodations and food. They took  Americans because they have to and canceled our boarding pass after reaching gate and gave back our checked luggage. There were few passengers who had same problem because they told us to stay in our homes and didnt even have new flight to travel the following day. After endless number of calls, we got refund and booked Qatar airways with the same amount but as we booked the previous day,the ticket charge costed 1 lakh something more. But we paid because as it was urgent travelling for us. From that moment onwards we decided not to travel with Emirates. Will never forget the incident and crew was worst.
  Bangkok to Melbourne via Bandar Seri Begawan, but we never actually flew with Royal Brunei, so I cannot comment on their inflight product. I can however review their handling of cancellations, delays etc. We arrived at BKK airport at 11am for our 1.30pm flight, only to be told that the Brunei to Melbourne sector was not operating today, or the next day for that matter. Although Royal Brunei knew this the previous day, no email or sms was sent to advise passengers of this. We could have stayed at our Bangkok hotel and opted for a late checkout if we had known. The Royal Brunei representative told us to take a seat as they were organising an alternative routing for us. This dragged on for well over an hour, and still they were organising and waiting for confirmations. I approached the counter and asked if we could avoid a late night departure if at all possible, given the fact that midnight departures and our 7 yearold daughter do not go well together. They replied ok we will see. Just take a seat. Eventually, we were told that we had all been booked on the direct Thai Airways flight to Melbourne, departing after midnight. There were no other options. According to Royal Brunei, Thai doesnt operate a morning flight from BKK to MEL, but if there was a morning flight, you could certainly have taken it. Well of course there is a morning flight with Thai TG 461, which operates daily. At that stage we had all been booked on TG 465, so we had to go with it. We transferred to an airport hotel around 2pm for 7 hours, and then back to the airport. It is how certain airlines handle unexpected issues such as cancellations, delays etc that set them apart from the truly good carriers. Sadly, Royal Brunei didnt handle this particularly well at all.
MUCPSA return on ATR72. Plane was small but comfortable. FAs were friendly. Was given a sandwich which surprisingly was actually edible. Ive heard good things about this airline and now I know why.
  Dont book flights with this company unless you are willing to wait a lot and especially if you have connecting flights. Went for a weekend to Stuttgart. Flew from Amsterdam to Stuttgart on Friday and back from Stuttgart to Amsterdam on Monday. Both flights were delayed last notice for 1h and 30. This is a huge delay for a flight of around 1h 15
 Worst airline ever! Spirit would be better  customer service is poor. 2 hour hold time! Wont help or give refund! Avoid these people! Id rather take the bus than fly with them.
 Oslo to Bergen with Norwegian. Hand luggage was 1 kg too heavy. Had to check it in at the gate. The CAD laptop which is 4kg had to be carried in to the plane without protection. The flight was taking place in a storm, and somehow the company found it safer to have the laptop loose in the cabin than inside a suitcase.
  Taipei to Chiang Mai. At Taoyuan Airport checkin  AirAsia ground crew insisted on checking in my slightly oversized and overweight carryon, and they refused to make an exception. So I had to check in the luggage and collect luggage at the carousel in CNX. I paid the NT$1200, but the ground crew refused to issue a Government Uniform Invoice, only a receipt. Ground crew was said he was the final authority, so did not need to know his staff ID.  I have filed a complaint with AirAsia, worst ground crew in all my years of travel. board.
  Just had the most wonderful service from the Wellington crew on Flight 562. we were in row 28 I left my handbag behind a staff member called Wesley allowed me off the plane so my nephew and girlfriend could bring it security and then the rest of the flight the staff were so friendly kind and considerate. I dropped a knitting needle and the hostess got down on her knees to look for it. Thank you for allowing me to get my handbag, we fly to Vancouver on Friday to our sons wedding will need that Visa Card. Excellent experience truly grateful to you all.
I was delayed 26 hours on a Lanseria HLA to Durban flight on 11 June. Departure was initially 1730. We were first told that we were delayed for 3 hours. Then we were told we were leaving at 2330. At 2300 they told us the flight was cancelled. Put up in some lodge and told they would fly us out the next day at 1440 on a specially chartered plane. This never materialised. I was lied to the following day regarding departure times and the mystery charter plane. Eventually told we were on a 1620 flight. At 1600 they told us it was delayed to 1820! Finally my nightmare ended at 2000 on 12 June when we finally touched down in Durban. Throughout the ordeal the staff were unsympathetic and we were made to feel that the problem was ours.
Flew on a domestic flight from Busan to Jeju. Check in agents at Busan were amazing and their bosses allow them to have bubble tea at the counters.  The lounge is rather small at Busan with only light snacks and soft drinks on offer, it is located before security. The staff are friendly, Qantas offer much better in their domestic lounges but one must realise Qantas charge much more for their J class product in comparison to Korean Air. The aircraft is an A330300. The business class product is amazing, lots of extra leg room, if you want the most leg room, choose row 7. The flight attendants were exceptional in their customer service.
  Lima to Juarez via Mexico. They keep cancelling or delaying flights without any explanation. The reason for cancellation isnt very important to me unless it is force majeure. We did check at the airport and nothing was going on. Like the plane in Lima was supposed to be late, because of bad weather disruptions in Mexico City, which upon checking in Mexico City appeared to not be true.
  Joon is low service and highprice and subpar for me. High density seats, bad paycatering bordering on the politically correct bio and modern food. I Checkin at CDG 2F is in a remote corner  where you have to affix yourself your baggage tag, unsupervised. Passengers not being professionals, thev percentage of lost bags must be enormous as the tags fall off when thew bag is sent.
  Aeroflot changed my schedule from a 2hr transfer to a 14hr transfer overnight in Moscow airport. They did not contact me to let me know about this change and it was only luck that I logged in to check my seat selection that i saw it. I called to cancel and refund, which took them 2 weeks to even initiate after I contacted them again to check the status and I am awaiting this refund. Poor communication and customer service.
PEKTNA return. First time flying Shandong codeshare with Air China. I found it an efficient airline offering good value for the money. Plane was a new 737800 cabin was clean seat pitch was OK 34 inches or so flight attendants were polite and attentive and the flights left and arrived on time. Shandongs onboard service is fairly basic bottle of water and foil wrapped sandwich but not out of the ordinary for a one hour flight.
  Porto to Ponta Delgado. Well, bellow average service from a below average company. Long boarding times for such a small flight. Overhead bins were stuffed because the company couldnt be bothered with asking the passengers to let their extra items go to the cargo bay, and didnt care with checking baggage sizes and number of bags per costumer which lead to a lot of passenger not having space to stow their belongings while other carried much more than they paid for. This lead to delays on the departure and lots of confusion and upset passengers. They seemed a bit amature and not profissional ground and cabin crew. At least one of the stewardesses tried to find me space for my, bag. She was in fact one of the nicest I have ever had on this company. Food was plain, boring and uninspiring, consisting in a boring and rather small sandwich with not so fresh ingredients seriously, the lettuce was so dark it looked like it was out of date, a drink, a coffee and some sort of assorted cookies, all terrible and dry. Inflight entertainment was non existent and they only screened a movie about the Azores, in screens to small that no one could actually read the subtitles and with no chance to hear the sound. No wifi options were provided and the stewardess forced me to turn off my phone, even though it was in flight mode, way before the landing, other companies dont do that. For a 130€ price for a 2h flight, service was substandard and it was very overpriced.
  Cancelled my flight, automatically put me on another flight 1 day later, very difficult to reach customer service to understand why and how to change the flight  get my money back. You get what you pay for. Very unreliable, cheap, poor quality service. Might be worth it if youre on a strict budget and have very flexible dates, but even then Im not sure its worth the hassle.
  Flew from Oslo to London via Riga, my experiences with both flights were great, staff were friendly and spoke good English, as well as Russian, German and of course, Latvian. I recommend flying with this airline.
  As someone who has never flown transatlantic with Icelandair before, it would be pretty interesting. I would say the aircraft is pretty nice. I would say charging $4 for headphones as well as having credit card computers not working was very disappointing. It was delayed at Keflavik because you were likely to come up at a remote stand and the bus would have to wait for the last passengers to come.
YYCATH with change in Zurich. One of the best charter flights I have been on nice cabin interior good meals friendly staff and on time. Inflight entertainment very limited not a problem for me.
  Worst. Cebu Pacific send me a message that my flight time is changed from 1805 to 2150 April 18 2023. No option but to accept. This happens not once but several times this year. Unfair to the passenger. When a passenger change the flight, a back charge almost same ticket price will be applied. When the Cebu Pacific chance the flight the passenger will bear the consequences. I highly recommend not to fly with Cebu Pacific. Choose another airline. 
  Istanbul to Dsseldorf. The worst of the worst, during the whole flight, none of the crew smiled. During the flight I went to sit in another seat, that had a little more for my legs. And right after I sat the attendant came to me saying Im not allowed to sit over there even if its empty. It costs 2 0euro. Not only me but another elderly man. Thats not human.
 Nice flight with Royal Air Maroc from Spain to Morocco. Aircraft was clean, leg space very good. Food and all type of drinks were included. First service very fast and later on attentive on request. An airline to be recommended.
Flight out of JFK was scheduled for 3 pm and didnt leave until 5 but we got upgraded to bulkhead seats across the front row which was nice. Seats are a little narrow but food and wine was delicious surprising for airline food and we arrived only one hour late 7 am instead of 6. Coming home from Naples fullL flight. Bigger plane 40 rows I think going there was a little smaller but we were toward the front so not sure. Anyway it was on time and a great smooth flight. And arrived 45 min ahead of schedule. Would recommend Air Italy andor Meridiana. No issues at all with luggage or accommodations.
SydneyReunionMauritius. Cabin crew extremely rude simple requests such as glasses of water plainly ignored. Food was sub standard and if you felt peckish after the meal you were abruptly told to go help yourself at the rear of the plane to a platter of soggy cheese and butter sandwiches. Same for drinks pour yourownglass at the back of the pane in full view of the cabin crew who just pretended you didnt exist. Overall cabin crew appeared quite blas and pompous.
Exeter to Dalaman in May. Travelled several times with Onur Air you must remember what you are paying for the flight this is not BA each time I have flown I have found the staff courteous and polite. On one occasion I was unwell and was given extra legroom and was constantly checked. Some of the poor reviews here are petty with people expecting too much for the low price Im very happy to be an Onur customer and highly recommend them to anyone who wants a no frills flight.
  This line need to have a longer period for pre boarding for older people that need assistance to get to the plane, the girl that was checking us in just kept saying  sorry I did call  but acknowledging the fact there are older people who cant walk as fast and need extra time. 2 minutes is not okay. They need training with customer service or do a couple more announcements than just one. Disappointed.
VnukovoIrkutsk. An eventful and enjoyable flight. Everything went smoothly. Vnukovo is the closest airport to the city centre and it has also a convenient train connection the train departs from the Kievsky train station. This helps to avoid the usual heavy traffic of Moscow. UTair uses a new terminal A which is quite handy. It is likely that UTair is the only airline which uses a widebody B767 on this route and the plane seems to be a relatively new and wellmaintained one. Friendly flight attendants the flight was ontime onboard catering is not superb but it was OK. Would fly them again.
  I flew with Singapore Airlines from London on a 11.30am local time arriving in Singapore 7.30am local time next day. For some unknown reason this airline serves breakfast at 1.45am Singapore time. I and other passengers were woken up so we could have a breakfast. Once breakfast was finished we still had 5 more hours of flying time. How stupid is this. Dreading my flight home. I have travelled with this airline in the past but it now is on a par with a low cost airline. Very disappointed.
  Going from Auckland I was on premium economy no complaints about that every thing was very good. On my return I was sitting in economy and I was hoping will be very good service specially when you fly long haul flight but everything is was opposite. Food very ordinary, after serving special food al most after 30 minutes later they come with drinks. We have received 2 meals so in my first meal I ate my food couldnt wait for drinks but in breakfast i though I wait for drinks then start my breakfast. By the time i have received the drinks including tea all my meals were cold. Secondly they are very slow in serving meals. The earphones are very cheap. Overall I was not expecting this from Air NZ. Hopefully they will read the review and try to maintain their quality of service in future.
  Honolulu to Incheon. I recently had the most excellent crew on a flight KEO54 on February 10,  they were proactive and attentive throughout the flight, showing me to my seat, assisting with storing bags, bringing me drinks. 
  When changing this flight from its original booking I had a problem with the price of the rebooked flight. Their advertising states no change fees. This was not true. I decided to call customer service to resolve the issue. After waiting on hold for 3 hours I gave up and went the chat bot route. Really slow and after 6 hours of basically giving them my details, PNR etc I got a message to call customer service again  after a couple of hours on hold I managed to speak to the agent and explained my issue. He was no help and when I said I wasnt happy with his answer which was the opposite of their website info, he hung up. On the flight they ran out of meals. When I suggested they get me something from business class the answer was a flat no. I will never use Aer Lingus again for any route out of Dublin where I live and will use alternative airlines. Aer Lingus has fallen a long long way and has all the characteristics of the very worst budget airlines. A real shame for a once great airline!
 Flew Riga to Kiev. Apart from painfully slow customer service onboard, another deceptive and annoying thing is requirement to pay for adjacent seat allocation within the same booking. I know this tactic has been previously employed by some low costers but it was then pulled due to negative publicity and complaints from customers. Hopefully the same will ultimately happen with airBaltic.
 Got to London no issues, flight on time, weather perfect in both locations. 100pm they cancelled our 120pm flight. Set it back up for the next morning at 7. Reason being they set the flight times to late and they cant get us through Sanford customs before 5pm when they close. I see Im not the first person to have this review. They wont do anything about expenses in Florida or the lost time for the travel day in London. Gate staff were good but just minimum wage employees that have just about as much info as we have. In the shop and I dont care about the flight quality or leg room because if you cant even set up a flight schedule that works I dont have a lot of faith in anything else you can do. Swoop is a joke.
  Hong Kong to Shanghai. I was scheduled to fly 2 days after Typhoon Mangkhut. Although both their English  Chinese website has very poor announcement on the flight status whereby I have to call to their customer service center China to check it out myself but to be honest, it isnt that bad after all. I was able to switch to an earlier flight without paying for anything at the check in counter and the flight to Shanghai was smooth. Very decent amount of legroom space coming from someone who takes budget airline quite often however theres no inflight entertainment which is fine since its only a 2 hour flight. The food was OK, well you pay what you get for. Everything was alright, my luggage did not went missing nor was it damaged either. Overall, it was a decent flight and for the price that I paid for it was worth the bucks.
  Viva like other airlines have a 24 hour cancel deadline however with Viva, you have to cancel via phone. It takes 3 hours to get someone on the phone. Sometimes waiting takes very long and the line disconnects and you have start all over. I couldnt get someone on the phone and after 3.5 hours I went to sleep and tried again when I woke up. I was able to reach someone after 2 hours on the phone waiting however the 24 hours expired and they did not give me a refund. They do not give you a normal boarding pass, it is a little paper that looks like a receipt therefore it is hard to leave them verifiable bad reviews because their so called boarding pass does not resemble one. This airline is very unprofessional and they take your money and waste your time. I picked them because their fare was $50 less than everyone else. Big mistake, I will never choose this airline. Buyer beware.
  Dar es Salaam to Lusaka via Harare. Fastjet cancelled flight and put me on one 2 days later, without my consent. Notified me via sms. I called in 7 times , sent 2 emails and drove to their branch at airport, to get a refund in process. Finally received email confirming refund would take 5 to 7 days. Been 2 weeks and still no refund.
  Hanoi to HCM City was a good flight. The flight was on time, no delay. The food was hot and delicious. My seat was very comfortable with a large leg room. The view was awesome. A lot of film, music and entertainment were on my personal screen. And the price for both 2 flight was $35. Very cheap!
  Singapore to Seoul Incheon. First time flying with Asiana Airlines. Overall quite happy with my flight with them. Quite attentive service with the rare soft skill that many airline crews Western are lacking. One of the friendliest and most courteous stewardesses Ive seen. Plane seemed a bit old, not completely certain though. Their screen is not a touchscreen. The visuals at first were rather poor, but later it got better. Not sure if it was because of the angle, sun light, or perhaps another reason that at the beginning I barely could see anything at the screen. Food quality is at pair with other major Asian airliners. Where OZ stands out is at their onboard service. Definitely flying with them again.
  Tel Aviv to Chicago via Amman. The airline checkedin my 2 bags in Tel Aviv, and when I retrieved them in Chicago they were both badly damaged. One has a large dent pushed in on one side. Another bag has a large crack that has split the suitcase. Obviously it was massive force of some kind that caused this damage. I sent the pictures that I took immediately of the damage to the airline, but no response. I called them but theres no answer. The way my baggage was handled by the airline is extremely shoddy and they need to compensate me to some degree. Both of the bags are relatively expensive and of good quality, and Royal Jordanian should at least acknowledge and communicate with me. 
LGWZAGPUYZAGLHR. Used Croatia Airlines before and staff attitude and friendliness has changed a lot. On all flights smiley and polite crew. Catering has got worse now a piece of cheese strudel given although very tasty with 4 small pieces of honey cake on the side. On 2hr flight drinks offered only once but refilled if asked. On A319 new Recaro seats which are not very comfortable but ok for short flight. On return from ZAG 1 hour delay which was explained and apologised for. The only minus really was baggage handling at LHR waited for over 45 minutes for bags. Good airline offering good product.
  The airport experience was one of the worst due to the fact that Etihad outsources the local Thai company which can boast of having the worst and most unfriendly staff. The worst person was the duty manager who even mocked at my wife who was a wheelchair patient. The lounge was outsourced as well and was a pathetic dump. Luckily I had a priority pass and could use other lounges. Boarding started on time and the flight was packed in every seta. The plane was dated but the service was overall very good by the Etihad crew. IFE was not bad and the food quality was very nice. Wifi packages were reasonable and I was able to buy it using my miles. The best part was that we landed 50 minutes ahead of schedule which was wonderful!
 Horrible customer service. Ridiculous boarding policy. Will never fly again. I do not recommend. Pick any other economy airline and have a better experience.
 First time flying today and what an inexcusable delay. They were understaffed and waiting for crew member. This was a poor coordination on the airline. Original departure delayed less than 3 hours which could have been a basis for compensation if more than 3 hours yet there were no offer of food or drinks. 2 hours of lost time just sitting in the airport
  Flying from Moscow to Dubai via Bahrain on 9 May, back on 13 May and the experience was very mediocre. The flight from MOW do Dubai onboard staff was impolite even rude to passengers, meals were under average, during a 5h flight drinks were offered only once, entertainment system did not work at all. Seats were very uncomfortable and space between the rows smaller than usual. The flight had a delay of one hour so I missed my connecting Gulf Air flight from Bahrain to Dubai. When dealing with the Gulf Air ground personnel in Bahrain chaotic, incompetent, talking to 34 customers at once, simply a disaster. They suggested me to wait at the airport in the middle of the night for 5 hours for the next flight, then put me on an Etihad flight to Abu Dhabi when I asked them to which was 1h late too btw.. They also issued a confirmation of the delay for me and advised to ask for an upgrade when flying back in 4 days. From Dubai to Moscow I was unexpectedly I only found out when boarding in Bahrain upgraded to the business class for the leg BahrainMoscow. Again the entertainment system did not work, the seat was broken as the leg support did not work properly. At least this one was on time. I fly on average ca. 20 flights a year for the last 15 years and this was certainly not the worst experience Ukrainian Airlines was but one of those below the average. I was especially disappointed by the staff behaviour in the economic class on the leg from Moscow to Bahrain.
  Return flight but outbound was cancelled at extremely short notice. Was on way to Heathrow on tube when flight was cancelled. Had to find a way to travel 200 plus miles that evening at short notice. Not covid related, and claimed compensation immediately. Two months later no sign of my fare or compensation. I made the return journey successfully a few days later but irritating to have to chase my money for their breach of contract when the law is clear. Customer service extremely slow to respond.
  Lynx air has been horrible from start to finish. Issues booking seats, issues paying for luggage, and now 2 hours waiting for our luggage from the plane. Theres no help desk, no reps to be found anywhere and not much help from chatting online or calling their help line. I was told that a rep would come to me when I was chatting online and gave her my location. But more than 30 minutes later still nothing. Its unbelievable how incompetent this airline is and how horrible their customer service is. Thankfully the pilot at least knew what he was doing and got us to the correct destination safely. Everything else has been disappointment after disappointment. I unfortunately did not book this flight as it was a work trip. If I had I certainly would not ha e booked with Lynx air and I never will.
Flew from Gran Canaria Las Palmas to Tenerife North airport. Flight time was about 20 mins in a small ATR72 aircraft. Legroom was minimal Im 65 and would not have managed much more than 20mins! Handluggage space is limited although your ticket entitles you to 6kg of handluggage and a further 20kg of checkedin luggage. The flight time is long enough for cabin crew to serve a cup of water and give you a complimentary biscuit not much but more than most airlines give these days! Flight left 20mins late this was due to air traffic control problems. If youre islandhopping it does the job!
  Fiji Airways was ok. Service is not great and they run out of the meal options early in the servicing. They also seemed to dawdle them have to always rush at the end of the flight to feed everyone. Planes are a bit old so I guess if youre paying full price its worth going elsewhere on this route.
 By far one of the worst airlines I have taken so far. First, it took so long to check in my baggage. The line was long and a lot of passengers brought overweight baggage. Most passengers do not want to pay extra for the excess baggage so they had to rearrange the baggage. Why dont these passengers do this before checking in? Ground service staff showed patience to me. On the flight, I was dissatisfied with the seat and in flight food. I tried to get some rest on this 8 hour flight but these tight seats were punishing me. The food was  bland and pathetic. I had a few bites and did not finish the whole meal. The flight attendants were attentive, yet I can only give a pass on their service.
The flight from Gatwick to Skiathos was 1 hour late taking off which was irritating but not a disaster.The return journey was of a 6 hour duration which was as shown on the ticket except that having taken off from Skiathos we travelled to Thessaloniki for refuelling  then announced there was a delay at Gatwick which meant a 30 minute further delay. After 30 minutes a further 25 minute delay. We were left without a drink for 5 hours, the crew citing equipment breakdown etc. All of the time the Captain was appologising for the delays but on the approach and landing announced that we had arrived on time. Is this because it costs more to deplane people rather them keeping them in the refuelling area? I will never fly with Germania again. 
  Noumea to Fiji. We arrived at Noumea airport at 10 am to be told that our 1pm flight was cancelled due to ash cloud from Port Villa over Fiji. Other planes resumed flying at 10.20am. Aircalin had already cancelled our flight and had no rescheduled flight? How can you cancel a flight before the scheduled time? We had to return the next day at our cost to be redirected to Brisbane and then to Fiji with a 9 hour wait in Brisbane. There were only 10 passengers on the original flight that was cancelled and not rescheduled.  Will never fly again with this airline.
I tried to arrange a group trip with SyrianAir from London to Aleppo via Damascus and back. Initially all was fine until they cancelled the first leg of the journey to Damascus a week prior to us leaving. The next flight was 2 days later but there was no immediate plane to Aleppo once we had arrived at Damascus which meant we would have to take a bus up instead a journey we werent too keen on. While friendly the staff are fairly useless and I sat for MANY hours trying to sort things out. We changed the flights to stay the same number of days but decided to go to Aleppo at the tail end of the trip under our own steam and the fly Allepo to London again via Damascus on the same ticket. Unfortunately the staff didnt really get the group concept and kept issuing tickets for the wrong dates for different members of the group. It took too many visits to their offices in Baker Street to finally get everyone on the same flights at the same time. The flight to Syria was fine late and we managed to get up to Aleppo ourselves but the day before we were to fly out again we went into the Syrian air offices to confirm everything was ok. IT WAS NOT. They had cancelled the flight to Damascus without informing any of us and we had to arrange a midnight bus from Aleppo to Damascus Airport to make the correct flight back to London. Luckily this one hadnt been cancelled. But it was late. My advice Dont Fly SyrianAir and if you do check on your flights constantly.
  The worst airline ever. They charged me 50 dollars for local flight and 30 dollars for international one and then they lost me. The worst part was that there was no representative in baggage claim at 230 am and waited for 30 minutes to somebody call them. Food is mediocre. Wifi is only free for messaging and they dont provide blanket. Definitely would not recommend it.
 Flight was professionally operated, it was an economy class European flight, nothing special, but plane was new, well presented and staff friendly. Pay only refreshments which is more and more frequent but still disappointing. All in all decent flight, recommend Air Europa for short hops.
 First my flight was canceled on 1225, missing a days work to get here in the 26th and have the flight delayed until well after 7 pm. The excuse, allowing other passengers to board. This wasnt their flight and now were being inconvenienced having to wait. We shouldve been off at 425 but theyre so understaffed that they didnt even have flight attendants, luckily 3 women jumped in and took the job. As weve sat on this aircraft for more than 40 mins while they try to gather other passengers. We dont get discounted tickets or anything for this wait. And yet this is just supposed to be ok. We shouldve landed a hour ago. All to fill seats. They flight was already full. So weve have to wait, for 3 passengers. No thanks Southwest. This was it for me.
SYXHKG. Flight was delayed 1 hour for a 70 min flight. Scheduled to land in HK 2300 hrs made it to the HK airport express at 0040 to catch the last train to the city without checkin luggage. For the people who checked in their bags it must have been a nightmare. KAs flights have constant delays. Of five trips with them over the past year only one was actually ontime. The notiFLY update is slow and not reliable but this one went even without notiFLY warning. Aircraft is outdated. Cabin airconditioning was out of service while parked on the ground both waiting for takeoff and for the shuttle bus upon arrival at a remote parking area 15 min drive to the passenger apron. All in all a very bad flight. Dont think Ill fly KA again.
  Did not expect such a punctuality and great customer service. Blue leather cover seats, clean washroom. Onboard  services was limited but complimentary meal was served. It is value for money.
 Incredibly slow checkin for CSA Czech Airlines, disorganised lines. In the middle of the checkin procedure, signs on the desks where changed to Alitalia, which caused confusion and frustration as Alitalia passengers were trying to pass. Check in was finished 7.45 and the plane was due to depart at 8.00. No other information was given. The check in staff then ran to the gate and were ready to start boarding, but were interupted by colleagues. We had to wait for 30 minutes without information, while the staff were sorting out their problems. When boarding started it took a very long time to get all passenges aboard, and we were not ready to depart before 9.38. The excuse given was security and confusion about boarding procedures. When the sales trolley arrived, which took almost one hour to the last rows, almost everything was sold out, even the coffee. The only thing left was hot chocolate. Leg room was very limited. When boarding was due to start for the second flight, at 8.10 PM, an announcement was made that the flight would be delayed and new information would come at 9 PM scheduled departure was 8.40 PM. At 9 PM new information was promised at 10 PM. 9.50 PM it was suddenly announced that it was last call, so I had to hurry to the gate where we had to wait for the last passengers. On the plane not even water was given for free.
  We traveled with Volotea in September from Olbia to Milan. Easy and fast buying procees on their website, helpful onboard staff, clean aircraft. Travelling with a newborn allowed us to get free priority boarding and hand luggage really appreciated. We will recomend it and continue to fly with Volotea. Excellent value for money.
  As usual, Swoop cant count. Its either a mad rush to check in at the gate with no controls or, today they loaded the complete plane and the last people on were Zone 1. I choose Zone 1 and pay extra for it because of a handicap. I dont need to load first as I dont want to take away from people worse off then me. I thought if I paid for zone 1 I would be okay. Get training for the imbeciles at the gate! No more Swoop for me
  Delayed bags and terrible customer service.  First and last time I will ever fly Aer Lingus. Medications in the bag theyve supposedly been out for delivery for two days but nobody can give me any real information because the folks are in call centers in Asia. Im solo traveling I dont have my medication Im supposed to check out today and take a train to another country so now I dont know whether to spend my own money to stay wait for my bag of course getting refunds for any of this is probably going to be impossible. Do yourself a favor learn from my mistake and spend more for a better airline
  Aeroflot economy class  Bangkok to Moscow July 18th 2019. As a Frequent Flyer GoldMember with Aeroflot for nearly 3 years, all I can say is that Im very satisfied with them. Flight Attendants are genuinely welcoming and helpful, aircraft usually Airbus are recent, seats have a generous width  legroom Frequent Flyers are entitled to a Space Seat with extra leg room, free of charge, food  wines onboard and in the business lounges are good and prices are overall competitive. You may sometimes have a flight delayed snow at Moscow Airport in the winter, etc  but Ive experienced that Aeroflot will never let you down. They will provide drink, lunch, even hotel, and next available flight. A few months ago my flight from Bangkok to Paris was delayed, Aeroflot put me on the Thai Airways direct flight in the same day  evening and gave me a 4 star hotel  meals for the 8 hours waiting time. Moscow Airport is good, and has everything you need  restaurants, cafs, bars, hotels, wifi, vending machines. I had my luggage delayed  only once in 3 years  it was delivered to my door in Paris 48 hours later, free of charge to me. Overall a very good airline and I strongly recommend Aeroflot.
  Auckland to Delhi via Beijing. The flight took off and landed smoothly. Food was average but okay, plenty of drink. Entertainment touch screen is easy to use. Crew was very helpful and lovely, the price is very competitive, plus you can transit in Beijing without visa. A great airline. Will definitely fly again with Air China.
Flying from HCM to DaNang on 19th April 2014 and then returning on 24th. Both sectors were late the last by an hour on the first I had no tray table it was gone and as for contact in HCM on another matter I was given 5 different phone numbers all of which passed me on to another.
 Miami to Rio de Janeiro. Would never fly with this airline again. We booked airfare on this airline from Miami, FL to Rio de Janeiro, we had booked a cruise that was leaving from Rio, the cruise was canceled and when we tried to receive a travel voucher for future travel we had nothing but problems. We purchased premium business class tickets and the paperwork we were provided stated we had one year in which to use the voucher. After going back and forth with the agents too many times to count we were finally given a voucher in the amount of $1274.34, which we used for a trip to Punta Cana, leaving a balance of $694.46. Have lodged many complaints with the company and they do not respond. Use caution if you have to book with this company, obviously they are a low cost airline for a reason.
  I was on flight PD2363 on June 8th. All around great service from start to finish. Flight attendants were very accommodating and attentive. My first experience with this airline.
  I was going to fly Larnaca to ClujNapoca. Everything was going on smoothly until the moment I was about to board the plane. The crew told me that I needed a return ticket in order to fly with Blue Air. While I understand that sometimes a returnexit ticket is needed, they should have informed me earlier during checkin instead one minute before boarding. So I was forced to buy a ticket that i was not going to use. 
  Very bad, in future will never fly and would never recommend to anyone. Even though we are on time for connecting flights, they had cancelled our seats on connection flight anticipating a delay from primary flight and were made to wait at the counter without proper answers, without food or water on the floor for 7 hours. The service people took our boarding passes and misbehaved with people. They would vanish from the counter and return after hours and would not give answers. We were treated as we animals without proper seating, without food and water, and when we asked for some water they would straight away refuse.
  I just paid $950 for a flight from Perth to Sydney, its over. 4 hour flight and they didnt even provide us with a snack for free. I strongly believe they should provide passengers a meal on this long flight especially when you are over charging. I will definitely be giving business to Qantas who provide free meals on the longer flights in Australia.
  Checked my luggage even though I explicitly do not want my luggage in checked luggage as it can get damaged and I have to wait to pick it up. Also made comments about me being late, even though I was in the boarding queue, but they messed up cabin luggage and had to get my carry on luggage a label, which was also messed up. Better spend a bit more to get a decent airline.
 Flew from Toronto to Cancun Feb 6th 2020. worst travel experience in my life. I will never travel with Sunwing again and will warn anyone and everyone about this airline. Our flight was delayed 2.5 hours as we were stuck on the plane for this duration all that was offered was one tiny cookie. I forgot my phone on the plane and informed Sunwing ASAP about this. The only response I got from Sunwing was were looking into this. Emailed throughout the week to me. They responded on the day before we were to fly out that they dont have it and to check with Toronto Pearson lost and found. Once we arrived we asked a Sunwing rep at baggage where lost and found was and she just pointed and said that way. We asked a Toronto Pearson security guard he then informed us that lost and found is closed but that we can file a claim online so I go online to find out that I need contact the airline for items lost on the plane. So Ive been running around in circles trying to get an answer. Since we got to our resort extremely late and we had a long day of travel we were unable to attend the meeting the next morning. I checked daily looking for our rep who I never found until the day before our departure. Since we had a private transfer I asked the time for our pick up and was given the wrong time. On our return flight, I got up before the plane was moving just after we boarded to go to the washroom. The flight attendant at first refused and said I couldnt use the washroom. Then I was given attitude and was told that I need to move fast because we are leaving now. I moved quickly. I get back to my seat and we havent moved, were not even close to moving. She had zero issues letting the 10 other people who went well after me. Then come the drinks and coffee she fully ignores me asking for a drink when her cart reaches my row serves A, B, C, D, skips E and serves F. and rolls the cart away. I have so much more to say about this horrible experience but because it was an absolute nightmare Im trying to forget this trip with Sunwing ever happened. My advice pay the extra and fly with WestJet or Air Transat. They are worth spending the extra money!
Paris to La Runion. I was very disappointed with my flight on Air Austral  very damaged seats, small, uncomfortable, dirty. Due to health problems I have to eat neither fat nor sugar, so I always order a light meal except that Air Austral on this meal exceptional also has a price exceptional and is discriminatory. The meal costs the astronomical sum of 20 € for all that ultimately end up with a meal with fat! Between the outward and return flight I had email exchanges with the company following this concern and frankly they had nothing to do and were very ironic in their responses do not take seriously at all my problem, sending me a vegetarian menu instead of the light except that eating vegetarian has nothing to do with not eating fat and sugar. Staff incompetent. Movies and music were poor.
  Flair Airlines is one of the most disgusting airlines I have experienced. I booked the flight online and Im not able checkin online and I have to go to the customer service agent. Hundreds of people were lined up there, where I have to wait for more than two hours to get the boarding pass. The boarding pass they gave was after the time has already passed. The flight was on April 10 at 6 AM and they gave the boarding pass on 607 AM but faked as if they gave me on 515 AM which I noticed later. I asked them how it can be possible and they told me to just go to A16 telling me that they are still waiting for passengers. Finally when me and dozen of passengers arrived there, the flight has already departed I have been calling them for more three hours in case I can get my refund but no one is there to answer.
  Dubai to Tirana. It was the first time and the last time that I travel with this airline. All of my souvenir from Dubai in my baggage was broken.  You could ask for a blanket as the AC was in the max of cold. Everything was chargeable with ridiculous prices. My luggage got broken during the traveling. The plain smelt horrible and the toilets were very dirty.
We flew to Sao Paulo from Heathrow and then onto Buenos Aires with LANTAM in Nov. Good flight and impressed with the amount of legroom in economy and reasonable film choices  neither myself nor my husband can sleep on planes  so that is important. Unfortunately when we returned from Santiago to Madrid we were on an Iberia flight. Again good legroom but horror of horrors no individual screens! The flight was interminable  3 very poor films were shown back to back and so for more than six hours there was not even any flight information available. Would not want to travel with this airline again because of the links with this airline  which is a shame as the seats were far more comfortable than BA. Didnt feel that the cabin staff were particularly attentive  soft drinks had to be requested rather than being offered through the night on the return journey.
 Never again. The worst flight experience ever! Waited 7 hrs since 1pm and they still have absolutely no idea whether we will be able to fly tonight or not. Some says there is no pilot available!
  We were booked for a 5.30 pm flight from Melbourne direct to Denpasar Bali. The day before the flight we got an email saying that our flight has been changed and is leaving one hour earlier We got to the airport and lined up the staff had no idea that the flight has been changed and on their monitor it still showed flight leaving at 5.30. So we got our boarding pass and headed to the departure lounge we sat there for a while and about half an hour before departure. Our name was called to the airline desk and we were told that as I booked 2 seats with extra leg room and I booked the first seats past the business class they said were going to put you 2 together, as we have a family that wants to sit together.  I assumed that they were going to just put us together but still in the same row I didnt even bother to look at the boarding pass and the reason I booked these seats was that Ive just had a back operation and needed access to the isle. As we got on the plane I realized that they moved us to row 5 which I had no access to the isle and the guy on the isle seat was fast asleep so I had to wake him up every half an hour to get out. I tried to complain to virgin and their reply was sorry but basically bad luck.
 Flew 22nd January to Innsbruck  meant to be. There was snow at Innsbruck, we had 2 abortive landings and 2 landings at Munich  1 to refuel and 2 to be finally diverted there. This was meant to be a 1.5 hour flight, We were in the air for about 6 hours. I am a terrible passenger and did not enjoy the flight one bit. However, the captain, looked after our safety, kept us informed and although I was in a state, they were terrific. The stewardesses were all super friendly and very nice to me when I said how anxious I was. The seats were more spacious than other European flights. Despite the long flight which was nobodys fault Titan struck me as being a professional airline, with well trained staff.
  Food offerings at Seoul Asiana lounge rather poor, the wing lounge at Hong Kong airport much better. Food ex Seoul was good, ex HKK rather mediocre. Service seats and entertainment system excellent.
  Chiang Rai to Trang via Bangkok. We had a good experience with Air Asia as we were worried about the bad reviews here. Checkin went great, prebooked luggage was also no problem. Both planes were a little late about 30 minutes, but that was no problem. The staff seemed good English speaking as they also answered questions.
  We travel with Thomas Cook most winters on long haul holidays, I find them a pretty good airline, long flights especially overnight are never the best but the crews are always helpful and attentive. We have had to use special assistance before when my partner had to travel to and from Barbados with a leg in cast  spot on, gave us extra leg room seats and looked after him well. The James Martin meals are always spot on too although inbound from USA and Cape Town you dont get the James Martin meals and can tell. The inflight entertainment is dire these days though unless you pay extra which we refuse to do and make do with a good book. Basically you get two adults films in economy and two kids films and they are the same ones out and in bound. We just came back from Cape Town which is 12 hours each way so 2 films for 24 hours of flying! Would happily fly with them again though overall, always pretty punctual and very good value for money when you compare ticket prices to other airlines.
Holguin to Havana last week. Okay apart from issuing duplicate boarding cards to different passengers. Return was in a turbo prop plane which was 1 hour late and was infested by cockroaches running along the floor overhead lockers and electrical ducts. The plane was generally dirty. Obvious lack of maintenance.
  I am sitting on the aircraft right now about to take off from Los Angeles to Newark. Its a real shame because I had such a good experience flying from JFK to LAX, but I have to write a bad review because I was met with such incredible rudeness by one of he stewardesses. I politely asked if I might be able to switch seats to a window seat the entire row was empty. Instead of politely telling me she had to wait till we took off she aggressively, and extremely rudely commanded two times in a row that I sat down at my assigned seat. I really think its a shame because Virgin America is generally great, but this specific stewardess should not work in the service industry. 
I recently travelled with Kenya AirwaysRwandair through one ticket that I had booked as a package through Kenya Airways. Problems happened overbooking both ways Kenya making me board Rwandair without boarding pass baggage not delivered when Rwandair received it the very same night I arrived. While Kenya Airways has been cooperative in a settlement and is taking steps to help with the necessary paper work for the insurance Rwandair has been most uncooperative never responding to my messages and when I physically showed up at the office they plainly contradicted their own report in front of us. Results Financial loss on my side and problems with the insurance.
  I booked a round ticket from Richmond to NYC  Couldnt book via my UAE credit card, as the country is not listed on their drop down menu. Cabin Crew is not professional, lack of the knowledge of customer service, and have aggressive attitude. On June 26th, the flight should depart at 2130 from JFK to Richmond. The flight kept delaying each and every 30 minutes. Finally departed at 2 am on Jun 27th.Boarding team didnt tell us the reason of delay. The boarding team supervisor was not professional while talking to customers. Gate had been changed 3 times.  Delta didnt offer any kind of food or refreshment during the delay time 5 hours and passengers couldnt go to grab something to eat as the team was announcing that the actual departure is after 30 mins ever 30 mins from 2130 to 130 next day.  No meals or drinks even water were offered to passengers during flying time.
Long Haul equipment is very old and run down MD80s. The interiors are dirty baths filthy and the seats worn out. We had a 10 hour maintenance delay. The gate agents were either uninformed or embarrassed to share updates. Everyone missed connections and were forced to find a hotel room in Charlotte at their own expense. The service was poor.
I make quite regular trips from Beijing Capital to Pyongyang Sunan, and I cannot reconcile with your latest reviews here!?  I belief that safety requires staff to be able to communicate in the international English language, and that is still very poor for Air Koryo. None of us can truly speak for their maintenance, but from local standards in other industry this will be a continued concern for some persons. The food is best left alone which I now do  Air Koryo  supply outbound and inbound flights from Pyongyang, and cuisine standards there are certainly not the best. I think many my fellow foreign travellers are more interested in flying Tupolev airplanes or checking if N Korea is really people say  best of luck with that. But this is not airline you would choose if there were more operators to choose. Guess thats not going to change in the near times!
STNCGN. Delayed 30 minutes with no reason or apology given. Flight completely full with boarding well organised if somewhat slow. Due to high load locker space at premium so some passengers ended up sitting with big trolley bags under the aisle seat blocking the other passengers exit. This went unnoticed andor challenged by the cabin crew. Leg room poor towards the rear seats reasonable comfortable. Crew not very polite at all impossible to get smile out of them but reasonable efficient. Didnt buy anything from their menu prices seamed reasonable. The only reason I would recommend Germanwings is if the ticket is cheap and due to the fact you can collect miles for LH Miles and More programme.
 Overcharge for everything. Start with seat choices. Pick a seat, pay a premium. Almost doesnt matter where they are. They all seem to have a premium. 1st upgrade for an alleged discount airline carrier. Baggage, no free ride here. Spin the wheel and guess how much extra youll spend at the individual airports. So in addition to paying extra for baggage. You can expect random charges depending on your departure country. We had 2 bags. Charged $75 leaving Philadelphia charged $150 leaving Punta Cana. Seats are so uncomfortable, no leg room. Airline attendees have an entitlement issue like theyre doing you a favor. I could go on and on! I can tell which airline Ill never go on again. Back to American, Delta, Southwest...anyone but this company.
  If you want to fly cheap, go for it. But beware planes are 99 late. Ground service is nonexistent like priority boarding. Dont book any extra service, you only will be disappointed.
Flew from Seoul to Shanghai Hongqiao. The plane both ways was a rather old slightly dilapidated Boeing 757. No entertainment was available but the service was friendly and efficient. The food on the outbound flight was much better than the flight back where we were just given a dry sandwich.
La Paz  Lima  Caracas. The aircraft were immaculate flights on time and food reasonable. However the inflight entertainment suffered a lack of planning  loads of shorts and then starting a 92 minute movie with only 60 minutes until landing is not very smart. But the biggest problem with this airline is that they tend to cancel flights without telling you. I met three people besides myself who experienced this  one had to drop a country from her holiday plans another had to buy tickets on another airline. When I heard this I checked and saw my flight was no longer showing on Amadeus or on the LAN website but it was not until my 3rd inquiry over 5 days at various LAN offices that LAN admitted they had cancelled my flight  on the second occasion they even gave me a printout which included my cancelled flight! If you are flying this airline I suggest you check your flight status often.
I took the weekly Yakutia flight from Magadan to PetropavlovskKamchatskiy. At $446 it was an expensive flight but saved a lot of money and time compared to the alternatives. The experience is probably best described as nostalgic. The safety cards proclaimed that our aircraft is fitted out with modern and reliable equipment but aside from new seat covers it appeared that their definition of modern extends back to 1974. Safety cards appeared to have been written for a different aircraft  lifejackets were not under the seats they were stuffed into the seat pockets. Seat pitch was good at 31 inches cabin comfort was not great  no ventilation and the seats were very worn and uncomfortable but the flight was not full so there was room to spread out. The sole FA was efficient and helpful and a snack box was served no meal trays though the sliceyouintwo metal meal trays were absent here. The flight was generally smooth and departed and arrived on time. One final surprise was that on arrival passengers collected their own bags from the aircraft hold handing over their Aeroflot Soviet Airlines claim check before boarding the bus to a gate in the fence next to the terminal building.
LUXCDG return on ERJ 145135. The seats have seen better days but thats my only complaint. Generous legroom friendly flight attendants and ground staff and tasty croissantsbaguettes served on these shortish 35 min flights give you the feeling of being treated as a real guest onboard. Flights left and arrived on time.
  A truly wonderful experience, from punctuality, amazing food to warm smiles. I would recommend Ethiopian airlines over and over again. I recently traveled with my wife and 2 kids from South Africa to Mumbai, on our return flight, we had a 15 hour stop over in Addis Ababa where Ethiopian Airlines offered us an accommodation voucher which booked us into their hotel for the night, this included meals and transport. I was truly impressed and touched as to how thoughtful this was. Thank you Ethiopian Airlines for accommodating us so well and for making our journey an unforgettable experience. Stay well, Fly well.
  I purchased a ticket with them and after 1 day they canceled it before my departure, saying it was due Covid entry policy. They shouldnt sell the ticket if its not available. Afterwards, they wouldnt process refund for over a month and I had to fill out a form and provide passport copy etc. If you cancel my ticket, refund instantly and immediately! The staff says they process these manually. Such a joke with and lack of modern technology.
  Surabaya to Makassar. Great aircraft, so clean and new. Quite long queue for checkin. Good and nice ground staff. The flight attendant is nice. Smooth flight, good boarding time.
 No major issues with the flight. Leg room is pretty tight. But you get what you pay for. Flight was full, there was no options to buy on board due to COVID restrictions, that didnt make much difference. On time no problems.
 I have been at the airport since 1000 AM this morning. Flight from Buffalo delayed twice. Flight from Atlanta delayed at least 3 times. No rhyme or reason given. Very disappointing and discouraging. No reason to have to pay outrageous prices for such poor, inept and substandard service. I was on one plane and thank God it was not an emergency  the acoustics were abominable. Could not understand a word the steward was saying. I would think thus would be an FCC violation!! Please provide acceptable communication!!
  We had the most pleasant experience with the crew onboard this flight. They were very helpful and friendly. Akshaya was the most perfect host on this flight .We shall definitely recommend Qatar Airways because of our experience with this professional lady. Very well done.
 This is the third time I have flown Transavia since Covid entered our world. Twice round trip ParisCrete and recently from Paris to Tivat Montenegro. Each time despite making repeated announcements in various languages about how mask wearing is mandatory, the stewardsesses walk by the people with masks around their necks or their noses out and dont say a word. The photos below are the men across from me at the start of the flight and towards the end. As you can see no change over a 2.5 hour journey. And these photos are the ones I managed to take discretely  there were so many other passengers not wearing their masks properly.
Worst airline I have flown with they lost one luggage on the departure flight Dec 30, 2022 and did not provide any information about its whereabouts until the date of the return flight 8 days later. On the return flight we have spent the transit in Warsaw going from one LOT office to another without being able to get any information about the missing luggage. Also Warsaw airport services are very poor  security check operates with poor technology  passengers are asked to take off their shoes never seen in European airports for quite a number of years now, passport control officers are unprofessional.
 For as much as I wish this was a positive letter about our experience with Air Asia, this is far from positive. And if I was able to give this airline a ZERO, I would. Plus this letter is written in behalf of my whole family of 18 who traveled to enjoy our trip to Palawan. On the morning of Sunday, April 23rd 2023, my sister in law prechecked all of us in online prior to our arrival to the airport which she received an email confirming this check in to show at the counter. At approximately 1130 my family of 18 included in this number was 7 children of us traveling arrived at the Palawan Puerto Princesa Airport which was 3 hours prior to our departure back to Cebu Philippines which was around 1430, like everybody is instructed to do before every departure. At the time, they started calling for all passengers to check in their luggage for our flight, we arrived at the counter and my sister in law showed her our pre check in confirmation email. It was an overwhelming experience to our family. The policies and procedure were never clear. As the parting answer of the Manager, that the Prechecked in option is never a guarantee that you will have a seat. My family and I took a 3 night trip to Palawan from Cebu. I, personally have traveled on numerous different airlines and never have I noticed so much unprofessionalism. And such a disappointment to most of my family members which was their first time ever being on a plane. Even though we had so much of a bad experience with Air Asia there is one police officer that show so much compassion, especially to my wife and sister in law, who were forced to stay back till they found another flight. Never again will we fly Air Asia.
 Denpasar to Perth via Kuala Lumpur. Previous 6hour flight from Kuala Lumpur to Perth most uncomfortable seats ever  narrow seats with minimal leg room! No charge for carryons. Water confiscated by Malindo security 3rd security checkin airport. Consequently, water would need to be purchased onboard at an inflated price. A fourhour flight from Denpasar to Kuala Lumpur charged us $179.00 for two checked bags for total weight. The seats, however, were more comfortable than on the 6hour flight from Kuala Lumpur to Perth!
  Beware  bait and switch and false advertising. Horrible experience before the flight. I booked a flight from Los Angels to Florence Italy business class. Online it clearly stated  LAX to JFK, JetBlue, Business Class, Airbus A320. Then JFK business class Condor. I booked it through Condor. After paying for the ticket my confirmation comes back as economy from LAX to JFK. I called customer service and was told that I would receive all the same benefits but would not have business class from LAX to JFK even though I paid for it!. The excuse was they do not control the other carrier! They will 1 advertise the business class flight 2 they will take your money 3 they will try to convince you that you are receiving all the benefits except your actual business class seat 4 and when you ask for a refund it takes 714 days! False advertising, just a blatant lie. Pay the extra money and fly with a reputable airline!
  Proserpine to Sydney. Flying to Sydney for my fathers funeral. I was 10 minutes late for check in, fair enough though Im sure they could have helped if they wanted to. But instead of that, they just led me to believe they would. The staff at counter told me to find the Tigerair attendant on the other side of security, so went through with luggage that was originally meant to be checked in but figured they would be letting me board with it, so I allowed security to dispose of some expensive hair cutting scissors and some other stuff. Get there see that the plane has just landed, they are moving the stairs over and attendant tells me, No you need to see the attendants at the desk. So go back out and see them. They tell me to go back through security again. I know at this point they are just playing games. A nice member of the public tries to help me at this point as I am crying. No one cares still. Go outside and call customer service and watch the plane take off. The customer service attendant was very nice and told me to get their names. I go back in and wait in line and ask another attendant who I hadnt previously had contact with what is the mans name is over there? He says why I say I want to make a complaint. He refuses to give it to me despite the fact they are all wearing name tags? All with a smart ass grin on his face. Horrible. I will never fly Tigerair again after this experience. Completely traumatised by their treatment in an already dark time for me.
  Tenerife Norte to Gran Canaria. Excellent airline, clean and new plane. They offer a chocolate snack and a glass of water, and a candy just before landing, all this in a 25 minute flight! There is even a wifi entertainment system on board! The best airline I have used.
  Dreadful Business Class  Will never fly with SAA again. Previously one of top three airlines in the world SAA, Swiss Air and Singapore Airlines. Flew Perth to Johannesburg to Perth on old tired planes. The seats folded down and were lumpy like camping beds with a too short thin quilt to lie on, one small pillow and cover. Both seats did not initially work. The seat was much to short for my friend who is approx. 6 ft so he had to sit up most of the way unable to sleep. Most staff were indifferent and rude. Not one piece of fruit. This is not acceptable, we booked on Virgin and were disappointed.
  Flew to New Zealand on a direct flight from Malaysia and they failed to load my bag. Within 24 hours they said they had found and would forward it. Then silence. Their local agents were uncontactable and the number in Malaysia was never answered. 4 weeks later and they still wont admit they cant find the bag give us more time they say on social media  the only way to contact them. So overall a very disappointing experience. I have to fly with them again as I already have the tickets, but given the choice I would never use them again. The service on the aircraft was gods, although entertainment etc poor compared to most competitors. Malaysia Airlines doesnt advertise as Premium Economy but the front three rows of economy are extra legroom for which you pay more and would be Premium Economy on most airlines. The extra space was welcome.
  Phuket to Bangkok. I booked a round trip on trip.com from Bangkok to Phuket including a baggage 12 kg. When I return they said that the baggage wasnt included to the return fight on 11 February. They demand 950 baht  29 euro. The worst company. Avoid them.
 We were supposed to fly out at 7 pm. At about 630 there were no employees at the desk. Our flight was still listed as on time. Another passenger found that the airline website listed the new departure time as 10 pm, though nobody else was able to find it. We were never notified at any point by email or text. The scheduled time remained 7 pm and eventually the status was changed to 10 pm, but the flight was never listed as delayed. At about 9 pm the poor staff member had to announce to everyone that the flight would not be taking off that night, but at noon the next day because the pilot needed to rest. It took another hour for the airline to confirm a hotel for everyone and we all had to pay for transport with the promise of the airline reimbursing this eventually. Once they finally confirmed a hotel they did not even announce it, we had to hear it from other customers. It was all very confusing. The lack of communication was the most frustrating thing. Today at 1115 our scheduled departure time is still 705 yesterday it was never listed as delayed.
Beijing to Pyongyang return on an Il62 in economy. On the outbound sector the most beautiful cabin crew I have ever seen all female. The meal although huge was of the horrible processed type. 70s style interior with sick bag stating for your refuses hmm. Amusing to see the crew hanging onto the galley for dear life on take off and landing! On the return due to the amount of passengers an additional service was laid on Tu154 leaving half an hour later. Overall one of the more interesting short haul sectors to fly.
  Very smooth take off and landing even my mother liked it for safety purpose. Plane was small in size having capacity of 44 passengers, but it was cute and awesome journey.
  I will never again fly COPA airlines. When I first went to check in for my flight, they denied me boarding because I had an emotional support animal dog even though their policies clearly state that they allow ESAs httpswww.copaair.comenwebusserviceanimals. I was forced to purchase a lastminute ticket with GOL to Sao Paulo for a sum of $800. I filed a complaint with COPA, but they refuse to acknowledge the problem or issue any sort of refund or compensation. In Sao Paulo they did allow me to board with my ESA. The flight leaving Sao Paulo was 4 hours late the flight after mine ended up leaving before mine which caused me to miss my connecting flight. Overall, COPA is unprofessional, difficult to work with, disorganized and does not adhere to their policies.
  First time trying this airline out from Orlando to Santa Ana California. The Flight was scheduled at 1130am 05252023. Woke up and saw a txt message from Airline that itll be delayed until 1245pm. Left the house at 930, another txt message that itll be delayed till 230pm. Around 1030am, one more txt that it will delayed until 430pm and it will be on Embraer 190 which will have to land in Tucson for Refuel. From Orlando to Tucson, the AC on the airplane purposely turned off. Everyone feeling like being baked in the oven. It was so hot. After awhile waiting at Tucson for refueled under that hot conditions, Airplane flew awhile and I could feel the AC for a while, Someone has to pay me a lot to go on this MCO to SNA again.
  On February 2020 I booked 4 tickets at omanair.com for the flight to Jakarta on July 2020. Due to corona pandemic they cancelled the flight. Round 2 weeks before the flight date we filled in the refund form and they requested me to wait for 12 months starting from the purchasing date. After several email exchanged I finally got full refund from Oman Air today 24 march 2021. 
  Cebu to Xiamen return. Economy food OK service okay but no personal TV. Business class food OK service good but still  no personal tv, I was given an ipad to watch movies.
PEK to SZX. Check in fast and efficient. Boarding on time but by bus instead of jetway as the aircraft was parked in apron far from terminal which is not good in freezing Beijing weather of about 10 C in the morning. Aircraft 737900 and clean. Non of two choices of food was so good boiled rice or noodle with boiled vegetables with no taste or spice  or even salt. Plenty of drinks served two times. Crew very kind and efficient. Arrival on time.
  Worst customer service. we were traveling to Manila with my friend. We arrive at the airport 720 then they told us that we were already late for our check in for 9 mins and we cannot board  the only way is to rebook our ticket for the next flight and we have to pay for another ticket. We want to talk to a supervisor or anyone in charge but their just sayin its all the same explanation that we will get from the supervisor. They didnt care if you miss your flight or you have to pay for expensive rebooking even the one in the check in counter was worst he just left from the counter. We end up paying on other ticket, then worst part they put us on the last part of the seat. The worst customer service.
  Very good service service, sandy Cornish was outstanding. Meals we had selected were not available, she went all the way to see that we got our selected meals. We appreciate such dedicated staff in Air New Zealand.
Mashhad to Bangkok vice versa clean A310300 they are old airplanes with average age of 20 years. No entertainment one way but from Bangkok it had. Friendly cabin crew good cabin services and food.
 Newark to Toronto. Lovely flight, friendly flight attendants. I particularly like the leather seats and cabin ambience. The free beer and snacks were unexpected. I have to say, after completing a redeye from Oregon earlier that morning I was pleasantly surprised. Thank you, Porter.
  A friend of mine and I traveled to Florida for a golf trip in January of 2023. We arrived several hours before our flight boarded. We dropped our bags off at the ticket counter as usual and proceeded to board our flight. When we arrived in Florida we discovered that our bags never made it onto the plane. Allegiant offered to put them on the next plane to Destin, but that was Sunday evening and we were returning Monday and our bags would do us no good at that point. We were told by the agents at the ticket counter in Florida that we could purchase whatever we were missing and we would be reimbursed. We were told that we would be reimbursed for the baggage fee since they never sent our bags. Its been months since Ive sent our information to be reimbursed without any response. Ive emailed, called, and left messages with nothing in return. 
  They overcharged me for my luggage even though I was entitled to the bags I had. They blamed it on their system and said that the only way for me to get my bags there was to pay and hope for a refund later. Afterwards it was impossible to get the money back.
  I bought 3 tickets for my family on June 12, 2022 for trip ZagrebAmsterdamBergenAmsterdamZagreb planed for March 2023. So, it was 9 months in advance. But 5 months after purchasing tickets I received an email from KLM with totally new flights schedule that devasted my original plan, hotel reservations, date of return etc. But, ok, it was still in advance and I rearranged all the things including the newly appeared overnight stay in Amsterdam on way back to Zagreb. On the very beginning of our trip at flight from Zagreb to Bergen one of our bags was lost so we spend the first day in Bergen without our warm clothing. But real horror is coming at our way back from Bergen to Zagreb via Amsterdam. On March 17, 2023. we were supposed to arrive from Tromso to Bergen by Wideroe flight at 1240, and then continue to Amsterdam by KLM flight at 1420. We were online checkin for flight from Bergen to Amsterdam. Flight from Tromso was slightly delayed for 30 minutes but still more than an hour before departure of KLM flight. While waiting for baggage I immediately try to contact KLM agent at Bergen airport to ask for advice how to continue our trip but there was literally nobody from KLM to help us, only automatic checkin machines and peopleless baggage dropin counters. It was 60 minutes before departure of KLM flight from Bergen to Amsterdam. After baggage was delivered we try to check in for Bergen but automatic checkin machine rejected our tickets, although I made online check in 30 hours in advance. I was continuously trying to contact KLM service desk at 47 22 64 37 52 and by WhatsApp to get help or advice, but was waiting in the queue and connected to agent only at 1419. Suggestion was to contact KLM agent at Bergen airport, but there was no  any KLM agent at Bergen airport at that time. So, I was forced to purchase new tickets by the Internet from KLM site for really extremely high price. Alternative was to stay and wait for what? at Bergen airport After returning from the trip, calvary with KLM Customer Care Service, is continuing After tens of repeated messages and inquiries and 2 months, I manage to get refund for overnight stay in Amsterdam and small compensation for lost baggage, but no chance to resolve issue with no help, no service, no agent at Bergen airport and forcing me to buy new, extra expensive tickets for the flight that we already had tickets and were checkin. Customer care agents replied to my web form inquiries and claims replied only from time to time that they are not authorized to interfere with decisions of other department  and just give general psychological help, express general understanding and regret, but not solving the issue. The KLM approach to customer care is to hide behind user unfriendly web forms and in fact, just like at the airport in Bergen, there is no possibility of real and direct communication with someone who is authorized and able to solve real problems. After all, my suggestion to KLM is to use motto We do not care about you!.!
  Class act from start to finish, very accommodating. The flight was perfect, crew was kind and very helpful. Overall A  service I will keep flying Allegiant.
DublinManchester. Missed a flight with another airline and was delighted to get a reasonablypriced one way with Luxair at short notice. FAs very pleasant complimentary newspapers refreshing towel choice of complimentary drinks including champagne and even Luxair branded sweets its been a long time since Ive seen that simple touch on an airline. Although I have no complaints about Aer Lingus on this route good value fares self service check in allocated seating  as opposed to check in queues non allocated seating and not always low fares on Ryanair! I would happily recommend Luxair on this short leg of their DublinManchesterLuxembourg daily and having read the Luxair inflight magazine and enjoyed the service of Luxair am thinking of completing the journey for a short break in Luxembourg.
  Flying OK619 from Amsterdam to Prague on October 3rd. Flight operated by Smartwings and late as usual. Boarding has been chaotic, service a board amateurish. Passengers were siting for quite a long time in the plane after boarding completed without a word of explanation as to why and what might be the departure time. The same in Prague. The plane was sitting on the apron, passengers waiting and no explanation provided. Would that be that difficult to explain, that we are waiting for the bus? Very poor service. One feels as a cargo. Plus you have CSA ticket but flight is actually operated by Smartwings which is a low end lowcoster. Real disappointment, nothing was working right.
  The plane from Amman to Frankfurt is old, seats are hard and flight attendants not helpful or friendly. The boarding process is inefficient. The plane left late and arrived late. With a narrow time with the connecting flight, we have to use the back door of the plane and take a shuttle to get to the airport terminal and then go through security again. In Frankfurt, the desk assistant was slow . People are lining up to ask questions and to ask for upgrade and about 20 people on the line waiting for assistance.  The boarding process is again inefficient, slow, and late again. We have to go down steps to board the plane again. I will never take Lufthansa again. No TV on the plane from Amman to Frankfurt and plane amenities are old and no WiFi. 
  Modern and spacious aircraft, good entertainment, and economy included two meals, an alcoholics drink and refreshments. Polite and efficient cabin crew. Excellent value for the economy fare. Only issue was how long it took to contact the airline by phone to add baggage as the website and all do not work as advertised. Nearly 90 minutes on hold for a simple request. We also waited an hour to deplane at Heathrow due to lack of steps, but this is a Heathrow problem.
  Single worst experience I have ever had in my life. We had a connecting flight, however, upon reaching Manila we were informed that our flight to Brisbane was cancelled. Clear day. Other companies still flying. But just cancelled. They issued us a new flight, however, when we went to get our baggage they had lost it. They dragged me and my pregnant wife around the airport until they left us in baggage claim of the domestic arrivals. Took them several hours to find it. We kept asking raising our concerns about our flight being soon. But they told me and my wiFe to sit down and wait. Finally when we got our luggage we were rushed to an shuttle bus that stops at several places instead of a taxi to take us directly to where we needed to go. We missed our flight because they held us up. We did exactly what they said we should do and we still missed our flight. Never again will I fly with them. Im currently sitting in a hotel room waiting foe a flight tomorrow with a different airline.
 Dalian to Bangkok via Seoul. On both flights, service was good, quiet in Business to Seoul, but fairly full to Bangkok. Cabin Service good, entertainment good and seat comfort very good. Meals and beverages good, with good Western choice.
I often fly Luxair as I am based in Luxembourg. The cabin service is the best I have experienced. Friendly real multilingual crew. There is an ample choice of newspapers. Even on short flights from LUX to CDG youll get a nice sandwich and drinks in economy. Most Luxair flights are in shared codes so watch out through which airline you book you flight if you want those frequent flyer miles. The only complaint I have are these noisy slow Fokker 50s but they are being replaced right now.
 New York to Milan. Good flight, clean and tidy aircraft, poor IFE and bad headphones. Good meals but with a poor presentation. Friendly staff, with some ups and downs. They have to improve in some places in order to balance the best competition.
  CopenhagenPrague return. It was a few years since I last flew Czech Airlines and I remembered them as an OK airline offering rather good quality and value for money. No such luck nowadays, since they were taken over by Smartwings company which seems to have destroyed the airline totally! CopenhagenPrague in a CzechAirlinespainted A319. Aircraft in rather good shape but the onboard service BOB only seems very strangely organised and takes forever to reach your seat  only to be told they were out of choices. PragueCopenhagen in a Smartwings 737. One hour late, extremely cramped seating, aircraft looking worn and very dirty, cabin air quality bad and temperature too warm. Everything with this airline nowadays just looks so amateurish and cheap  from their printathome boarding passes to their badly cleaned cabins. Onboard announcements in english are barely understandable. And dont dream of buying some dutyfree at the airport because then youll have to pay extra to take it onboard the aircraft. This was a real disappointment. Will avoid CSA in the future! Only positive thing was that they still played Bedrich Smetanas Vltava in the loudspeakers after touchdown in Prague...
  Same old Flybe  delays, delays, delays. Flight schedule was 1600 from BHD. Arrived to find it was bumped to 1650 then later Departing 1700. Flight departed 1715. It might actually seem quite punctual to Flybe management but its an annoyance and inconvenient to passengers. Its not like theres much to do at City airport either. As BA was having reliability issues of its own I thought Id chance it wont be back.
 Sydney to Griffith. Always delayed. Overly expensive. Overall experience is beyond poor. 70 of the time I experience delays. The only reason I fly with REX is because no other airline goes to my rural destination. I understand delays are sometimes unavoidable, however, that should be the exception, not the norm!
  Everything was good, all the flights were on time, the space in the plane was very good. The service on board also good. The bags came out unharmed and the pilot handled the plane very well.
Travelled to Northern Cyprus on 13th September 2014 on Onur Air. This is the worst airline I have travelled on and will never travel with them again. The airline was delayed 10 hours due to a spare part being needed which they could not get so another plane was flown in at 8pm. We should have left Manchester at 11.55 am and finally set off at 10pm. We arrived at our hotel at 6.30 am on the 14th September tired and annoyed. This was another day of our holiday lost really due to tiredness. The crew on board were very surly never smiled spoke only when they had to and in my opinion need retraining. IfWhen we travel to Northern Cyprus again it will not be with Onur Air and I advise anyone thinking of going to look at comments given by other people.
  I dont understand why do they run an aircraft when their flights are delayed by 68 hours on average? The customer care executive told that they have the right to cancel delay  prepone as per their wish ... passengers have no right to ask question. They are informing us about the delay is a obligation to us. Never travel by Go First.
Recent trip from Brussels to Cancun. I originally had the flight booked through Aeromexico, on the way there I flew from Cancun to Madrid with a stop in Mexico City, but we needed to change the flight and the change cost more than buying a new ticket. After searching, we bought 2 one way tickets for a direct flight Brussels  Cancun for less than 400 Euros so we were not sure what to expect. We couldnt have made a better choice. The airplane had bigger seats than Aeromexico that actually let you stretch, food and staff was good and the timing was perfect. The variety of movies on the screens was fantastic. We could have upgraded for only 100 Euros more to Business Class but honestly, seats were so good we didnt feel the need.
  I had a flight with my partner with Thai Lion Air from Bali to Bangkok on March 20th 2020 which cost 160 euros and we needed to get to Thailand to fly home on April 7, all this in the middle of the covid 19 crisis. Some days before I got check the flight status and it says unknown. I proceed to email Lion Air , as well as text them on Facebook and Twitter, as I didnt have a phone to call. It is now April 8 and they have only now replied. When I got to the airport I found out that the last flight they would be operating to Thailand had been the day before, and they had given me no information. The staff was extremely rude and unhelpful to me, the customer service is terrible. They did refund my money right away in cash.
  I was recently on an Allegiant flight from Asheville NC to Minneapolis MN Flight 237. I was feeling nauseous after 45 minutes into the flight so I got up to use the restroom in the rear of the plane. Once I got to the back i became extremely dizzy and I blacked out. I could hear people talking to me but I couldnt see anything. The Allegiant flight attendants acted fast to put an oxygen mask on me and laid me down on the floor. I believe two nurses were on my flight too who checked my pulse and blood pressure. I wish I knew their names so I could thank them for jumping up to make sure I was ok. Very scary moment for me but everyone who helped me made sure I was comfortable as I came back to and Ill forever be grateful for them.
  Again United failed. 1st flight canceled, rebooked stanby and that flight delayed and full, so had to cancel the trip. Rebook it all and try again. Taxi costs to and from the airport, paid cancellation fees to hotels and rental car companies, but United doesnt care. Never mind the lost time and all the people that also had to reschedule because we couldnt make it. United doesnt care. I understand there are problems from time to time, but at United there are problems ALL the time. Cant remember the last time it went smoothly and I regret the day I joined Mileage Plus, but United doesnt care. 
  Fort Lauderdale to Nassau. If you even remotely care about being on time, do not fly with these guys. It is a 100 guarantee that your flight will be late, you will get no infomation about it and the airline will not care one iota that your flight is late.
  We booked a flight to Bali and paid crazy money for a 5 day trip. We couldnt check in online so therefore got the airport 2hours prior thinking we would have plenty of time. We were in the line for check in for approximately 1 hour 20 mins as they only had 2 people on the desk. it was announced that our flight would 99.9999 not be flying on the 20th. 15minutes later we were told the Flight is rescheduled to the next morning as the cabin manager was unavailable. We got a taxi to a hotel and paid to stay there for the night, we got a taxi back to the airport for an 8am flight. We boarded the plane. The plane backed on the runway at 8.22am and the captain said he had to return to the gate at 8.30am due to an engineering issue. Waited on the plane at the gate until 8.37am and the captain announced there was a stick stuck in the door. The engineer is to remove it and file a report. The air hostess Announced the stick was removed and door closed at 8.46am. The flight took off  56mins late. Overall, it put a damper on our little getaway. We both lost a day of work, paid for extra taxis and accommodation and food for the night we had to stay. We lost our money on accommodation in Bali for the night as it was not refundable. We were very upset and angry overall. Very poor service for a very expensive flight! I would not recommend using them at all.
  This morning Xmas eve my family and I were traveling from Rome to Amsterdam on Level. When checking in and receiving our boarding passes, we inquired whether our carry on bag size were acceptable and they said yes all is fine. When boarding, the gate agent took issue with the size of our bags and said that we needed to pay $400 to him. We explained that the airline told us they were fine and inquired why he did not think so. He refused to listen and we felt the best action was to pay and also ask for his name so we could report the incident and request refund given our bags were acceptable. When we asked his name, he refused to tell us and become agitated, saying that he would call the police, not let us board, and tell the captain of the airline that we were uncooperative. We started video recording which further angered him. He then asked for my brothers passport and walked away with it to find a credit card machine, leaving for 5 minutes. After about 20 minutes of waiting one agent finally spoke to him and seemed to reverse his position. He gave us back our boarding passes and placed tags on our bags. We were glad to be able to make the flight but shaken by the incident. We boarded the plane and found the overhead bins to be very large and more than accommodating of our luggage, so we are unable to understand why this agent created such an incident. 
  I was pleased with the performance of the friendly staff onboard, they certainly made it worth flying with COPA. The same cant be said about the ground staff in Toronto. I found them to be somewhat discourteous and uncaring. They seem to focus of getting the flight out rather than taking the time to be pleasant to guest. They could have dont a better job organizing the boarding lines and dealing with customer questions.
 Madrid to New York via Toronto. Air Canada has the worst customer service and  well, service in general  of any airline Ive ever flown on. Countless delays followed by several cancelled flights, no help from customer service, nonexistent support when you try to call and make contact. I could go on and on and on. Plus good luck trying to get reimbursed for their incompetence. This is basically a criminal organization masquerading as an airline. Avoid at all costs.
  Almaty to Astana on an early morning flight in economy class. I was impressed by this aircraft which still feels very new inside. Inflight entertainment is available at each seat with a USB port and there is a good selection of programs. The flight attendants were nice and professional, good info from the pilots and we arrived to Astana with no delay. Overall a very nice experience.
  Transavia has an awful service and policy during Corona virus, they deny to give the refund of the cancelled flights, and the only option they give to the customers is the voucher. According to the E.U.law,the customer has the choice of choosing the refund or the voucher. meanwhile they dont give any guarantee in case of bankruptcy. 
  Awful experience. Little to no relevant communication. Cancelled a flight with no recourse. Absolutely no consideration for your time. You get what you pay for.
  Mauritius to Mumbai return. The food is ok on departure but they served stale buns. The seats are comfortable and flight attendants are nice and helpful. The flight delay by 1 hr we were sitting in the plane with kids, nothing served until 23.30, our flight were supposed to take off at 21.20. Returning from Mumbai was the worst meals served on this flight. Priority for meals should be given for kids first, not those who ordered.
What is going on with SW?? On a return flight from Puerto Rico to Denver, Southwest canceled the second leg of our flight out of Tampa, while were in the air to Tampa, citing weather. After doing much research and having our local news look into this, it appears that only the SW flights were canceled into Denver, other airlines were arriving as scheduled. The actual statistic for that evening were 47 of SW flights were cancelled into Denver and less than 5 of other airlines were cancelled. The FAA did not issue any closures or delays to Denver. I cant imagine why weather would be an excuse when no one else was using it. After talking to the agents, we kept being told that there were no other flights that evening, when in reality, there were. We just werent offered those flights. And yes, there was availability according to the website. And they werent canceled! We received some of the most unapologetic, uncaring, and disingenuous treatment from Southwest Airlines across the board. From the gate agent to the ticketing agent to the baggage agent to the customer service rep. After leaving the airport because our flight was changed to a 5AM flight the following day, I called to inquire again if there were better flights, I had to wait ONE to TWO hours just to speak to a live person. Our options to return were an early morning flight or an evening flight for a nonstop flight. There was no way I was going to chance taking a flight with a layover anywhere, Southwest is not to be trusted and I didnt want to get into a situation where we were then stranded at yet another airport. I dont know what is going on with Southwest and why their business model is falling apart. SW used to be my goto airline we even had the credit card but have since retired it due to the airlines inconsistency with flights. If SW thinks its ok to strand passengers in random places just to make their customary playbook profitable, then they are not focusing on what is important. The local news received a disingenuous reply from a SW rep regarding our situation but also showed some telling facts Many of the flights we proactively canceled at the start of today were in anticipation of operational conditions in Denver. Southwest cancelled our flight in the morning and we were not notified until we were in the air on our way to Tampa. If we had been notified we would have chosen to stay at our own expense in San Juan to spend more time with our family, but we were not given that option. Other airlines always lets us know when a flight is going to be delayed or cancelled and they do this in advance and they let us change our flight to a time that works for us. SW does not offer this. Their system is antiquated and not userfriendly. We are disgusted with the treatment we received. They are losing loyal customers left and right. Why do they keep treating your passengers this way? Shame on you Southwest!
I had pleasant flight on REX  I had both SYDCBR and CBRMEL.... well done for Rex. Even though the costs and fleets they are using nowadays cant beat virgin and qantas but the service are unbeatable..overall I think they deserve more supports from all of us
Santiago to London via Sao Paulo with TAM. A lovely new lounge at Sao Paulo. The TAM Airlines inflight service and food was very good. What really annoys me about TAM though is that every time, with no exception, when checking in online, I find my preassigned seat has been changed for no apparent reason. Ive just checked in for my return flight and found that once again the seat has been changed.
  Dusseldorf to Beirut. We were supposed to go from Dusseldorf to Beirut on May 17th at 21.10 with Germania. At the gate we took a bus to the airplane. While transfering us the bus hit a cement poll and we had to wait for another bus to take us. On the plane we waited around 30 minutes then we were asked to go back to the bus because of a technical problem and to wait in the bus. Once in the bus, they took us back to the airport where no one from Germania was present to guide us. We reentered Germany by cancelling our Exit and were asked to go to the baggage belt. There the steward came to inform us that there will not be any flight tonight and that they wont take us to hotels, instead we will sleep in the airport and that there might be a plane the next day but this isnt confirmed. After that the airport security brought camping bags and gave each one a 15 Euros voucher for a McDonalds meal. Then everyone from Germania and the aiport staff dissapeared. At 6am in the morning we called the airport staff asking if there were any flights and they asked us to go to the check in for a flight at 8.10. As a summary, I have never ever been treated this way. We were left to sleep in the airport like animals. The way they treated us was unacceptable. Its the first and last time I will use this airline.
  Very poor service, airline canceled my flight, booking agent telling me to contact airline, airline tells me to contact agent. I played this game 3 times back and fore, now I took the decision to get a refund from the agent, and obviously this will take forever. Conclusion no more Cyprus Airways, poor, poor service.
 Disappointing on all fronts. They offer online checkin, but there is no bag drop line. Which means despite having checked in in advance, I still had to wait in the same line as people that didnt even have boarding passes. Furthermore, the check in agent informed me that my electronic boarding pass would not work so he issued me a new, paper boarding pass. The boarding process in YUL was chaotic and disorganized. I had to connect in MEX and luckily I had plenty of time as there was no gate information available, not on the boards in the airport, not on the app, not on the website. The aircraft were underwhelming, uncomfortable, and the service subpar. I wont be taking Aeromexico again unless absolutely necessary.
  New York to Bangkok via Seoul. Both Sections were on A380. First the good news, planes were immaculately clean, staff were superb throughout, food was great on first leg, not so good on BKK section. Both planes were delayed, we had received notification that the JFK to ICN flight times had changed, about one hour later departure, but we left about another one after this this. It appears that OZ221 is always late leaving JFK, its not the airport issue as the KE  a380  seems to leave on time every day around the same time. Connection at ICN was tight, but the plane was delayed once we had boarded. Food option poor only two choices on ICN to BKK, no Korean option! Movie choice on ICN to BKK poor only 4 Hollywood movies. The price was keen and would use again.
 Great customer service, best airline  love their service, always use them for my overseas travel needs, they always work with us in case we have any problems, highly recommend them.
  stanbul to Sharja. The worst airline ever. Workers were rude, seat are not comfortable, the AC was low people were sweating. You had only 20 kilograms over that you pay $12 for each kilogram.
 The Greatest Captain ever! Arriving sweaty at the my gate 8mins after the place was supposed to TAKE OFF, the door was SHUT! Then! Captain stepped out of the loading bridges door. He said that there was a slight weight problem they were handling at the moment and he would happy to escort me down to the plane. Here I sit, the happiest man to ever sit in the very back of an airplane. Thank you Breeze Airlines. Thank you for not being like the rest.
  Terrible customer service! No way to reach them to reschedule a flight! I had a family emergency and needed to reschedule a flight. I called the airport in the country that I was visiting Macedonia and the local LOT representative told me that they didnt see any available tickets while I was seeing them online. I called their customer service number and it transferred me to the Polish number where it told me that I am number 80 in line. I called multiple times and the same I waited for over an hour and I didnt even get to number 70. All of this while paying international tariff for calls! I emailed them, no response. I sent a Facebook message, no response. I called the airport in my home country, OHare in Chicago USA and they said there is no local representative, so they transferred me to the same Polish customer service number, clearly the same one for the whole world! Good luck getting through and ever rescheduling a flight! Good that I scheduled the flight through my bank, so my bank Chase was very helpful and able to reschedule the flight for me, otherwise I would have completely missed it and never get my money back. I paid only $200 difference in price for the ticket which was good for a busy period and lastminute rescheduling. Then I called the local LOT representative in the country I was visiting Macedonia just to check what they will say for this same ticket and they told me to pay $750 extra for the same flight now all of a sudden they started seeing the flight in the system, but they werent when I initially called and asked me to pay in person which is 2 hours away from where I live and they were closing in 45 min. Bogus! Then, the flight was delayed for an hour and my connecting flight in Warsaw had only one hour layover. Good that they waited on us. Then it was chaos in the plane because they gave separate seats to couples and families although they purchased the tickets together. Lastly, I was thirsty for the most of the flight. I wasnt offered water few times like usually on flights.
 I took a night flight, QG109. Scheduled to depart 2140 local time. Started to board the aircraft at 2110. All processes were smooth. No hurry, no obstacles or anything negative. Took off on time, and landed ahead of schedule. Great team work for Citilink, and I mean it to all crews who handled the flight nicely. Because midJune 2018 is the peak season for all flights in Indonesia due to Eid alFitr.
  Terrible. The counter agent wanted to charge me a bag fee of 140 euros for a oneway trip, even my ticket says one cabin bag and one underseat item. She would not check me in unless I paid. Not a single person in line paid for a bag fee and I was singled out. I was about to be late and had to pay. I came back and requested the refund and complained through the airlines website. I received no reply. Stay away from this terrible airline.
  Hyderabad to Guwahati via Kolkatta. Goair cancelled the flight just one week before the scheduled departure date. They didnt have any alternative flights on day day, previous day or next day. I had booked the flight 5 months in advance at a cheaper rate, now I had to take a refund, and book a new Indigo flight at the current flight rate which was more than double. Goair customer care is very pathetic, I called on their no, they played the waiting tone, no one received the phone for 8 minutes, after which the call for disconnected automatically. It happened for the second time, no one answered the call for 7 minutes, and then the call got disconnected. The call got connected only in third attempt, after a waiting of 5 minutes. I had already wasted 20 minutes of my time before I could get their executive on call. Then also in the middle of the conversation, the executive i think just kept the phone on side, I was not hearing anything from the other end, and I had to disconnect the call. After this pathetic experience, I have decided that I will never fly with this unprofessional airline again.
  Wonderful experience. Very kind staff. Neat flight. Pilot was perfect in takeoff and landing, food was very good, hygiene and cleanliness is top class
  My journey and trouble began at the departure airport when I was given a boarding pass for New York instead of Lisbon. Once I caught it my luggage had already been sent to the wrong aircraft. They had to manually get it and change it My luggage was damaged on a flight. I began the process of filling the paperwork and pictures when I returned to Canada Two weeks later. I didnt receive a response for 7 months when they asked me for the same info Id already sent. I resent the info and pictures. I received the same email requesting the info a month later and resent. Following 9 months of sending the info three times they then began sending emails saying Id requested the damage compensation too late and due to the Montreal convention It has to be within 7 days of the incident. I requested I hear from the manager and what was this policy only the receive the same email twice more. This airline should be ashamed of their customer service. I will never fly TAP again.
Subang Airport to Redang. The plane was a De Havilland Dash7 old but in good conditions. The flight has been pleasant and crew did the best to offer us a pleasant flight  water towels and a little snack. The check in area in Subang and the all airport are very nice and clean the service has been very good. They will replace their old planes soon with new ATR72.
  Short nofrills hop, for which I had to check in four hours in advance because of the current disgraceful situation at Schiphol. Extremely efficient self checkin process for luggage. For the flight itself, I didnt expect much and I didnt get anything, except the necessary and most important I reached my destination safely. Very professional crew with clear safety announcements. Definitely felt in good hands at all times.
  Use Avianca fly from Quito to Buenos Aires and then return. The quality of seats are extremely poor for a 56 hours flights, in both flights our seats could not push back for sleeping and they said it is because it is in front of emergency exit row not sure why but at least this should be mentioned when they are selling the seat, we paid for a seat which could not be pushed back down. The flight was 56 hours and they didnt offer anything to drinkeat, instead they were selling low quality fooddrinks in the plane. That was a shame for a $900 and 6 hours long ticket they dont offer absolutely nothing to eatdrink. This is a terrible airline, while few years before I had good experience travelling with Avianca. Will not use this airline anymore.
Manchester  London City. Very impressed. Flight was called for boarding 10 mins before departure and was greeted by 2 very friendly FAs seating fine for a 50 min flight offered pre take off sweets. Once we took off Crew offered Ham or cheese sandwiches complimentary drinks from the bar then tea or coffee finished off with Belgian chocolates. All drinks were served in china mugs and glass tumblers made it feel more like Business class. Arrived on time and as I arrived at the luggage belt my bag was already there within five minutes of Landing I was on my way into London. Excellent service Excellent Crew. No complaints
  Thank you Sheena from Flair Airlines for assisting me and my mother in law during check in. Very friendly, accommodating and excellent service. I will definitely recommend Flair for the very excellent service.
  After my flight from SD to SLC was delayed, I missed my flight to Dallas. I walked towards Delta customer service near A15 when in order to find the quickest flight to Dallas. One of the customer service agents found a direct flight with the earliest arrival at 919PM. I asked the agent whether they can upgrade my seat for the inconvenience since I payed to insure my ticket. The gentleman sent to a lady and she said she I upgraded you to Comfort. That made me feel good until I scanned my ticket to board and they did not upgrade my seat. 
This was a great flight, the seats were spacious and fairly comfortable. The food was very good with at least two choices. The two short stops made the long route much easier to bear and broke it up exactly at the right times. All flights on time, professional and friendly staff. Inflight entertainment was just right. Would highly recommend Royal Brunei Airlines and have flown with lots of different airlines in the past.
  Zurich to Mykonos. Total shame for a Swiss carrier. Less space than on easyjet and Ryanair but incredibly expensive for nothing. Food was ok, and the crew was not authentic.
Miami to Amsterdam and I found that the level of comfort was about what one expects these days. The flight attendants came by at regular intervals to offer free drinks and food was generous. One caveat was the in flight entertainment which costs 20 euros.
  Denpasar to Jakarta. Terrible service. Was supposed to depart at 4.20 pm from Bali and arrive in Jakarta around 5.20 pm local time. However when I arrived at the check in counter at Denpasar Bali Airport they told me the flight had 1.5 hour delay. I thought OK not too bad as my international flight that I was supposed to get from Jakarta to Istanbul will be at 8.30 pm so even if the time will be tight I could still make it if I arrive in Jakarta at 7 pm. However the flight then had two hours delay at the end and left Bali airport around 7 pm. Obviously I lost my connection to Istanbul from Jakarta.  I went straight to the customer service of Sriwijaya airport based at Jakarta airport and they gave me no apologies regarding this matter  no compensation, no help to get me a hotel to stay overnight in order to take another plane to get me back to Europe the next day. They simply said they cannot do anything about it. I can understand 30 minutes or one hour delay but two hours is a bit too much and such a bad customer service I have never experienced in my whole life and I travelled a lot. There are so many other better airlines to use like Garuda or AirAsia and so on. Dont rely on this airline!
  One cabin crew in my section really lacked finesse. When I pressed the call button to inform him of my broken entertainment screen he came and barked You want something? When I asked to read the newspaper, the same crew told me I have to wait as he is reading it, which he was not, it was folded in his hands but I still said okay I will wait, hours passed and he never brought the newspaper, it was only when a younger crew went through the cabin with water did he realise I had asked for the newspaper and brought it to me without having to ask. Other crew members were extremely friendly and helpful. They were very accommodating and thoroughly enjoyed their job. Especially the two ladies in my section, they have very infectious smiles that can brighten anyones mood, they truly have good attitude. The food on this leg was better than the going leg. Checkin agent at Singapore was very rude to me.
  Bucharest to New York via Belgrade on 3rd January. My first flight landed in Timisoara TMR, a small city in Romania instead of Belgrade, around 1030am. They said it was too foggy but all other flights that day managed to land on BEG so the reason is dubious. Then, we ended up spending 10hr in Belgrade, without any food, or information from AirSerbia representatives. I know they are obligated to give you food and water if the delay is longer than 23 hours. There were no representatives of any company to talk to in the TMR airport because we were at the gates and it is a very small airport. After realizing that I missed my connection from BEG to JFK, I called AirSerbia but they said that it is not their fault and they cannot do anything and once I get to Belgrade they will try to help. At 430pm, after 6 hours of waiting, they decided that there will send a bus to take us from TMR to BEG  3hr of driving, while the OTP  BEG flight was 1hr and the plane will return to OTP and we have to make a decision of what to do. I would like to mention that the road death rate in Romania is of 100 deaths  1M people and that of flying is 0 so it is absolutely unacceptable to ask us to take a bus to BEG, put our lives in such danger since we did not book a bus we booked a plane ticket. They did not want to send another aircraft although they had the resources to do so. They promised the bus will leave around 5pm but then said it wont leave until 67pm. It ended up leaving after 8pm. Realizing we would be arriving extremely late to Belgrade and there wont be much support for us there there were barely any flights to NYC in the next few days and all of them were extremely expensive and pretty much none with AirSerbia for the next week or so. I called AirSerbia to ask them to book my ticket since we were going to Belgrade and I wanted confirmation that once in Belgrade I have everything set and there is actually a point in going there. I would have preferred to do this before making my decision but they made us decide on the spot with no information of where and how we can get rerouted if we choose either option. AirSerbia told me that they cannot book on the phone and they cannot book a ticket if I go back to Bucharest with the flight which is insane given that the plane was the only way of transportation I had paid for. Anyway, around 7pm, I decided to not take the bus to Belgrade because I did not want to risk my life and get my own flight back and fight them via complaints and in court. Please do not ever use this airline!!
 San Francisco to Barcelona. Booked premium class travel in September 2019 for departure in December. A week before departure they call me to tell me the reservation actually did not book, even though they charge my credit card. Offered two alternative flights that would both delay our arrival to Barcelona by more than 12 hours and require at least 3 stopovers. 12 hours later they have yet to confirm the charged schedule. In short look elsewhere. No need to risk your travel plans with his airline as all they will do is take your money and ignore the reservation.
  Doha to Colombo. SriLankan Airlines is really poor. The planes are old, the food is bad, the staff is not helpful. They run out of blankets and keep the plane really cold. Unless it is very cheap, avoid it!
  Pay a bit extra and fly with a more reputable and decent airline. I had a flight from Dushanbe to St. Petersburg with Somon Air, departure time 0630, in the morning. I arrived at the airport more than two hours ahead, just to realise that my flight had been put off. The new departure time would be 16.5 hours later! Well, such things can happen, generally speaking. When it comes to Somon Air, these problems look more like a rule than an exception. Just a quick glance at board of departures tells the alarming truth most flights are either cancelled or delayed. Their representatives at the airport helped me to reschedule my connecting flights at St. Petersburg. I will give them well deserved them credit. The rest of this story is far from satisfying. Usually, stranded passengers will have access to a decent hotel room, while waiting. They brought me to a rundown Intourist Hotel where I got a dormitory bed. They gave me four USdollars cash, to cover breakfast, lunch and dinner! The money did not even cover my breakfast! I succeeded in getting home, one day later. However, I lost one day of income and had some extra expenditures. At home I specified my claims to the airline. They just ignored my claims, with compact silence. This airline is a complete disaster. The services on board were also of inferior quality. For your own convenience and pleasure, please pay a bit extra and get the services you can expect. You get what you pay for.
My trip was from Paris to Sanaa as a tourist and I wish to applaud the Yemenia flight attendants customer service throughout the long flight. It was a cherishable trip.
  Flew CityJet from Dublin to Paris. Boarding was very confusing since both doors of the plane were used, but I could not see any information about which rows should use which door. Apparently no one else saw it either since lots of people tried to pass each other inside. Once seated everything went smoothly, and we arrived on time. A sandwich was served, but no alternative for us who do not eat gluten. Coffee was not too bad. Legroom was almost better than on the connecting Air France Airbus. Staff were polite and smiling. Since this was not a long flight I found it perfectly ok, even though the confusion at boarding should be easy to avoid.
Bridgetown to Dominica. LIAT is the worst airline  never on time. Delayed for 2 to 3 hours everytime I fly with them. If you can avoid flying with them please do. Once after being delayed for 3 hours, in the middle of the flight they announced they wouldnt be landing in the first country due to technical difficuilties they are proceeding to the next country. Fair enough. 23 passangers including I, had to stay until the next morning for the next avilable flight. The rooms of the hotel in which we stayed were hot and uncomfortable with very poor service. LIAT is very disorganised.
Singapore to Tioman  a short 50 mins flight. After checkin and security checks we were asked to go to the gate and wait for boarding. Just before boarding it was announced that flight was delayed and we would have to wait 56 hours. A S$5 McDonalds coupon was provided. The only saving grace was that it happened at the Changi airport which probably is the best airport in the world. On our return flight delayed again at Tioman airport this time for 6 hours and staff were completely unapologetic about it. The airline made last minute arrangements to take all passengers to Berjaya resort but the bus did not wait for us. Another bus was arranged half an hour later and bus driver asked us to hurry up. Will I recommend this airline to anyone  absolutely not.
 Didnt even board the flight  was a terrible experience. On check in, all seemed ok however, the queue was not organised, resulting in me and my family waiting longer than others. Whilst this was frustrating, and not a good start, we remained patient and got there eventually. When checking in, the agent didnt seem to know much about our delayed flight, nor whether she should check our bags and to where. Not reassuring. After security, we received a text to say we had been removed from the flight baggage handler strikes in Brussels meant we couldnt go there. We initially thought the flight was cancelled, but learned later it was not. Strange. Anyway, we had to return to check in. Once we did that, we were told we had to go back through security to collect our bags. At this point, I was starting to get angry. When we arrived at the baggage collection point, we waited for ages, and no sign of our bags. Even the staff there had no idea where they were. At check in, we expected to be given accommodation vouchers  but the staff didnt seem to have any idea what was going on. No vouchers were available rebooked flight was next day, and people were starting to get annoyed. There was absolutely no information from the airline and we all felt abandoned. Eventually paid for my own hotel  I felt sorry for the check in staff who had no info to give us. This airline treated us all so badly  there was no need for it. Theres no way Ill EVER book with this airline again. They refuse to pay us compensation for new flights we had to book in order to get home quicker for dogs, nor did they pay for our hotel, or refund our original booked flights. Never again.
  Very pathetic service. This airline dont have any respect towards the customers important time. They dont care whatever work they have. Or they will be able to travel after arrival or not. It feels like standing at a local bus stop for bus. The the nonsense crew doesnt have any idea of anything if you do enquiry. Its not first time Im facing this. One or twice we can understand. But every time and with all my know people who frequently fly. They all try to avoid this nonsense flight. It always spoils all the planned work.
 Great customer service from Bahamasair. Departed Nassau to Fort Lauderdale before scheduled time. Very professional. Check in was a breeze. Quick baggage arrival in FLL. Continue to do well. The aircraft was clean. The pilot did a excellent job in take off and landing. We arrived early which was great because I had to be at work same day
  Berlin to Rome. I had Flying Blue points to redeem so I used them for my flight from Berlin to Rome. I was a bit apprehensive at first with Alitalia being in receivership after having been ditched by Etihad. But I proceeded anyway knowing that in the unlikely event that the airline goes belly up, I still have other options. As with most intraEuropean flights, Alitalia offers basic snack service on board. A drink and a snack, either sweet or salty was being served on this 2 hour flight. As I was seated in the exit row, leg space was generous. Seats were leather seats in black. Flight attendants were smartly dressed in black pant suit with scarf emblazoned with Alitalia colours.
We flew from Bangkok to Hong Kong Hong Kong to Shanghai Shanghai to Hong Kong and Hong Kong to Bangkok. We liked the staff seat and the airplanes. The airplanes were new. We had delays on all flights. The foods were OK. The fares were low. We will fly HK Airlines again.
  Singapore to Dhaka. This was my first trip in Regent Airways. Very disappointing as the seats were uncomfortable with no digital entertainment or even any magazines other then newspapers. 4 hours journey felt like a never ending one. Worse was when they gave us an meal option to choose between 2 dishes A and B. Me and my wife both chose the same type A. The steward said they ran short of the same type. When she went to the passengers right behind us she offered them both the meal types A  B.  Have I not paid the same amount as all the other passengers of Business Class.
  Kuwait to Kochi. The aircraft was not too old or may be a new one. The flight departed on time from the Kuwait Airways dedicated new terminal no 4. Cabin crew was very attentive, Food  Beverage good. In business class the seat was not flat bed. Overall flight experience was very good but the ground services was very poor.
  Our terrible time with Air Malta started with baggage checkin. We bought our tickets through Expedia and they just said Economy. Turns out Air Malta has like 5 different ticket types and the one we had didnt have checked baggage. We didnt know this in advance, but whatever, we payed to checkin our luggage. We were traveling as a group of 3 and my friend was in a wheelchair because her leg was broken. She has been in a full cast up to her knee for over a month. On our way to Malta from Israel on flight Air Malta 829 that departed Sunday morning Apr. 14, 2019 at 7 AM, my friend was questioned about her cast, how long shes had it and if shes cleared to fly. We answered all of their questions, told them the cast was a month old and that the doctors cleared her to fly. In the end of this questioning we were all allowed to board and the Israeli ground stewardess even found my friend a row of seats so that she could elevate her leg comfortably. On our way BACK from Malta to Israel on flight Air Malta 828 that departed Friday morning Apr. 18, 2019 at 1 AM, my friend was giving the same round of questions, except that this time they declared she was unfit to fly and that their doctor said it would be very dangerous for my friend to fly with a full cast. It did not help that we told them we flew with there airline 5 days ago and that she was fine they said that this was a mistake and she should never have been let on the first flight to begin with or that we had papers in Hebrew proving my friends cast was at least several weeks old  nothing helped. They told us she had to go to a clinic in Malta to get her cast cut so that it was a half and not full cast and that we were wasting our time. My 2 traveling companions got in a cab and went to go get the cast cut, in a foreign country where we knew nothing of the healthcare system. This would have been fine, but the clinic they sent us do didnt have the equipment to cut the cast! So that trip was a waste. When we asked what we could do if their own recommendation didnt pan out and they said that my friend would have to stay to get her cast cut at the hospital. We tried to find out from the Maltese Air Malta manager if there would be any kind of compensation since they would not let my fried on the plane  could they transfer her ticket? Book her a hotel for her extra overnight stay? We were given a negative response on both counts and she told us that it was stated clearly in the Air Malta rules that you cannot fly with a full cast we searched for a while for these alleged rules and couldnt find them, only general airline guidelines that said you shouldnt fly within a few days of getting a cast so this was our problem. When we tried to find out what else we could do and if we could maybe get the hospital that treated my friend to send an email in English that cleared her to fly, the manager speaking to us was very rude, said she was repeating herself and just walked away. Since the 3rd traveling companion and I could not afford to wait any longer or buy new tickets, we left my friend in a cast, with her wheelchair and crutches, to stay alone overnight and try and book another flight. Air Malta was obviously no help whatsoever. In the end my friend got a doctors letter in English saying she was cleared to fly, and booked herself a flight back to Israel through another airline company with a layover in Vienna, so this was not the most convenient flight.
  Paris to Tashkent. Check in counters are located in CDG 2A terminal very quiet in the afternoon. Business tickets allow us to make a stop in the glamorous Cathay Pacific lounge  Champagne. And again Champagne as a welcome drink Uzbek cuve on the return , warm nuts as an aperitif. Full dinner service, three choice. Light breakfast served before landing. Seats are 212, comfortable, amenities in a nice travel kit, IPad provided. Crew very attentive during all the flight, same for the return from Tashkent.
  I would not have bought the Emirates tickets if I knew I was flying with Qantas. Poor seats and inflight entertainment sucks Headset point is broken. 4hrs of boredom and food is below average. Airline staff cannot figure out fix the problem or have my seats changed. Waste of money! 800NZD for round ticket AKL to MEL. Done with Emirates and Qantas I didnt even choose Qantas. Will stick with my fav airlines Qatar and AirNZ!
Barcelona BLA to Caracas CCS in Venezuela on a classic Boeing 737200 aircraft I experienced Conviasa to be quite nice to fly with. Anyhow they do not offer much more than the average European nofrills carriers. A costfree nonalcoholic drink was served on that short domestic flight the aircraft was clean and fine despite its age we departed BLA about 15 minutes ahead schedule  not every airline in Venezuela manages that. Since the ticket costed me less than EUR 20 I can call it a quite satisfying experience!
I flew from Istanbul to Berlin in July 2015. The seat was very uncomfortable. Water was not free, they charge 3 Euros for a small bottle. The staff could hardly speak any English. On top of all that, both pieces of my luggage was delayed 4 days. 
Travelled London CityPalma and return 7th14th March. Both flights on time and comfortable. Preflight announcements from flight deck on return journey concise yet full clear and with touch informality that gained attention. Cabin service sound and hot breakfast on outward journey quite acceptable. The snack on return journey eminently missable best option is to eat to your choice at Palma airport.
  Never fly this airline. They boarded us, accepted our luggage for a full flight from San Juan PR to Beef Island BVI today  and never told us that our luggage wasnt going to arrive. Basically the entire fight did not get luggage. Were then told our luggage would be guaranteed on the next flight. Did not happen,  we put off leaving Moorings to sail all day because we waited for each flight to arrive. 2 pieces out of 7 arrived with no effort to recognize the major inconvenience to us... the dives we had paid for the next day  and now cannot go on because our gear is in the missing luggage. When trying to find our luggage we were told this is a occurrence on weekends with Seaborne. The first and very last time we will use this airline. Will go back to Cape Air  they may have smaller planes but their customer service is hugely better than this despicable company. Seaborne should not be permitted to stay in business as it is a horribly run company.
  Dubai to Kuwait. Excellent service from Kuwait Airways. There were two women from the Kuwait Airways office Dubai that were able to get me onto the flight quite quickly. I wouldve missed my flight if it wasnt for them. Thanks again and looking forward to flying your carrier again for the future.
After reading some of the less stellar reviews online and being unable to reach any English speaking staff on the phone who could verify the incabin luggage dimensions I was naturally apprehensive about the flight from Tel Aviv to Nice on Monday September 23 2013. To my pleasant surprise the entire flight experience was excellent. The plane was clearly in great shape a relatively new aircraft with leather seating and spotless interior. The departure and arrival were pretty much on schedule. The fact the departure from Ben Gurion airport was using a shuttle bus and not a jetway reminds me to warn any future passengers during any unlikely but possible inclement weather to dress accordingly or bring an umbrella for the extended exposure to the elements while trying to board an outdoors staircase. Other than that I thought the whole experience was most pleasant and I would have no qualms about flying Israir again.
TelAvivCologne. Service on this flight was good. Although the airline is a LCC we were served a free meal. The cabin was spacious and ample legroom. Shame you have to pay extra for an emergency exit seat.
  Lost my bag! Terrible airline could not account for my bag on a straight flight. I waited 1.5 hours at the destination carousel and my bag never came. Customer service via email is full of canned apologies but nothing else.  Avoid at all cost. Do not fly this airline unless you dont value your belongings.
  This is a low cost airline so they made money and find a way to charge you for anything. I guess this is expected even with certain questionable practices, but my 1 star is regarding customer service which it may sound dystopian even compared with certain US carriers, My family god covid 19 and we were not able to travel. They suggested family members with no symptoms should be able to flight. They does not trust you as passengers, they asked for things like birth certificate in order to proof 1st degree blood relationship of passenger without symptoms and asked for proof of residency when I requested full refund because vouchers are completely useless for me.  Only way to communicate is email, each email is a new inquiry and takes 15 days to get a response. If you dont get a response you have to send another email asking for the response of the previous inquiry and this add another 15 days. One simple request is taking almost months and counting.  Call center is useless, they say they are not part of cuentanos and you have to reach by email. If you ask to speak with a supervisor you will get denied this is basic customer service So avoid this airline unless you want to spend months sending emails to interact with costumer service and waiting with incomplete responses or if you believe you should travel by plane with covid symptoms.
  For two days Saturday 24 and Sunday 25 August we were at the airport to board our direct flight from Sydney to Hanoi. On both days the flight was cancelled. Like all passengers we were subjected to incorrect or misinformation or just lies about when this flight VN 786 was going to leave. Now we are told that we have been booked on a flight to HO Chi Minh tomorrow with no confirmation of our on flight to Hanoi. This has been a public relations debacle for Vietnam Airlines their lack of honesty or even communication with passengers as to the likely outcome of the issue has been nothing short of horrible. No ground crew to properly explain and assist passengers you cant just leave to Qantas staff to take all the heat. The final insult was the presence of 6 uniformed police offices at the loading bay to assist with possible crowd control. So disappointing given very good flights last year.
 Rude people on the phone refuse to supply info needed for flight such as gate and if any delays. No agent at ticket counter in Atlanta and phone agents said they couldnt help. Very rude gate agents. Its like this airline does not like its customers. Use another airline.
  Enjoyable flight. Check in was busy, but I did not have to wait very long. Staff were friendly and efficient. The plane was very clean. It would be great if they offered more food options though. The plane left on time, but there was a bit of a wait picking up luggage. Overall I was satisfied.
  San Francisco to Paris Orly. Overall pretty good for the money, unless youre in a hurry or have connections. We left 2 hours late from SFO because we were waiting for the passengers from Tahiti to pass customs, check their luggage again etc, etc. I think this is pretty common on this route because its really a TahitiOrly route with a stop in SFO. Being right before the holidays dec. 15th, the flight was pretty full with families. I had purchased a premium package to be able to choose my seat and have a meal. The meal was pretty good, but for the breakfast youll have to pay extra. On the way back, our plane boarded two hours late no explained reasons. Staff was very nice and pleasant and flight fast and comfy.
  Jakarta to Singapore. I am a frequent flyer for business, flying at least 34 times a month with various airlines in the region. I have never known an airline delaying so frequently and are unapologetic about it. This is the second time in 8 months and I have only taken less than 5 flights with them during this period. Seems like it is a norm for them, flight from Bangkok cancelled and and 4.5 hours in Jakarta to Singapore. Jetstar ought to be in the delay business. After their catastrophe, you would expect a ground Manager to make decisions and attend to your queries. However, they left junior staff on the ground to deal with the situation on both occasions. If you want to make sure you are able to travel on the time and date you want, do not fly Jetstar unless you like to sit around the airport or enjoy having your flights cancelled or overbooked.
 A flight attendant needed to check my carry on bag because the plane ran out of overhead space. He then assured me that my bag would either be at the gate or at baggage claim. It was at neither so I filed a lost bag claim with Warsaws airport. The airline did absolutely nothing to keep me updated on the status of my bag. I have to call and email them every day just to ask if they are looking for it and it seems they are not. They continue to say there is no update on your bag. It has now been five days and I do not know if my bag is in Minsk or in Warsaw and when I will get it back. That is horrible customer service plain and simple. I have had my luggage lost before and it was found and delivered to me within 48 hours. The fact that it has been nearly a week and my bag has not even been located is absolutely ridiculous. I do not recommend Belavia. Customers should spend their money with a more respectable company with better customer service.
NewarkOrly return. For travellers who dont usually fly Business class this was a treat. Yes seats and interior of plane were a bit worn. Service and food was great Best of all you could stretch out and be comfortable during the flight. I wish they flew more places. We would use them again.
  It is a short distance from Tokyo to Seoul 2 hours. Nevertheless, this airline flies an aircraft with fullflat, allisle businessclass seats for this route, which I liked very much. they have spacious lounge with a choice of drinks in Haneda, and flight attendants were courteous. On return at Gimpo airport, the Korean lounge was small and overcrowded. The only thing they should do is to warn businessclass passengers not to slam shut their tables, because this annoys their front passengers severely.
  London to Karachi via Muscat. Oman Air are the most shambolic airline I have ever flown with. I booked flights a little over a month prior to travel. Less than three weeks later I was sent a text informing me that my connecting flight had been cancelled. The text contained no additional information about whether my flight would be rescheduled or if I would have to rebook onto another flight, causing me great stress. I was required to call the airline to discover this and received no apology whatsoever. I was eventually booked onto another flight, leaving me with a 12hour layover in Muscat as a lone female traveller. I contested this and received no direct response, but was sent through a further flight confirmation transferring me to a flight a day later. Not having been consulted, this conflicted with my travel plans and so I was forced to call again, eventually securing a hotel for the lengthy layover. They sent no email confirmation of this provision other than a single line on my flight details, which offered little comfort given their performance thus far. A day prior to my flight I attempted to check in online. Although I had paid a substantial fee for seat allocation on all flights when I initially booked, this was not reflected in the most recent flight confirmation. The airline attempted to charge me an additional fee to check in on the outgoing journey. I reluctantly chose to pay this and seek refund at the airport given the poor customer service I had received through their phone line. However, I was told by a rather surly woman at the customer service desk that I would need to call to resolve the issue, which was less than ideal given I was about to board an international flight. Upon arrival in Muscat I was initially denied the hotel I had been promised. I was required to speak to a number of people and only secured the room with the support of another customer who had also been booked on the cancelled flight from London. I have never received such abysmal service from any airline. I have encountered not one but three issues which have caused me great stress, been arduous to resolve and for which I have received no apology or compensation. I would emphatically urge all against booking with Oman Air.
Flight StuttgartHamburg. Was regular user of LH flights since they put GW in place I do everything I can to avoid this airline. No value for money and cost are usually higher than alternative carriers. Other carriers offer way better service and value for money. I specifically dislike the fact that on the majority of the flights I have been using seats were broken once you lean back they recline and airplane interior was poor condition  not cleaned. On my last trip I advised the steward on board on a chewing gum sticking to the emergency exit seat and asked him to ensure it is being removed on the next cleaning cycle. The answer was that he was not cleaning the airplane. Think that shows the service mindset. Not up to what I was used to from LH I also experienced a large share of delayed flights.
  They cancel our flight and push us to an 8h earlier flight, and notify us last minute by calling us internationally about the change. Their customer service put us on hold for more than half of the 25 minute call, something that could have been done online for free, but they found it necessary to call. They even didnt offer food and beverage vouchers to cover the extra 8h on Singapore Airport. Their ground staff was sending us from one side to the other without a solution. After trying to get in touch with them it took 1.5 month to get a reply saying they dont care. Also transfer was unclear as the gates were closed until very close to departure. My inflight food was very bad, and inflight service almost nonexistent. You had to go to the kitchen area to ask for some drinks. Inflight entertainment was good with many recent movies. I will never fly again with Singapore Airlines after this.
  Volaris left one of my bags in the wrong cart and my luggage never made it from Guadalajara to Tijuana. When addressing the issue with the attendant said he would call a supervisor. After waiting for over 3hrs without being able to sit, eat, or drink anything they said a gal who stood and watched me wait was the supervisor. She said she already gave me my resolution and basically said my luggage was in another plane. They refused to ship it to my address and they said I had to return for it if I didnt want to wait. I also explained that I had my car at CBX and this inconvenience is not only costing me time but also money. They offered me a $,1000 pesos voucher which is like $50 US dollars. They did not want to fix my parking fees although CBX is stationed inside the airport. I did not take the voucher as I never plan to travel through CBX or Volaris. The airport representatives also treated the situation as a joke and continued to refer me to the airline. No one took responsibility for this terrible inconvenience. Their staff were sarcastic, rude, and lacked empathy for my inconvenience. Lost luggage cost me a total of a 5 hour wait, humiliation, hunger, parking fees, and no money one here to hold someone responsible.
  One of the worst airlines I have ever flown. On international flight how can you ran out of eye covers and food when you knew well in advance it was a full flight days in advance! Service so slow that half the passengers werent even fully served when it started to land. They kept ignoring non Arabic customers and stood and talked for several minutes at a time and brought snacks for Arab speaking customers. I will never ever fly or recommend Saudia ever! Take Qatar, Etihad, Emirates or Turkish and go longer way but avoid Saudia at all costs!
 Though Emirates only operates a handful of flights to and from Milan, it maintains a nice, spacious lounge with ample seating and good selections of food. I could walk around and pick any seat I want in the lounge without having to sit next to strangers. Tables in the dining area were quickly cleared and cleaned after guests left, so they were always ready for the next guests. One unique thing about Emirates was that I could board directly from the lounge, which made things much easier. On board, the A380 was nice. Every seat had a minibar, which was nice. Emirates does not offer full turndown service the way Qatar Airways does, but a mattress pad was provided like on Japan Airlines to make a more comfortable bed. The gender specific amenity kit, by Bvlagri, was very nice and useful. Food was good in general, and wine selection was ahead of other airlines, but service was slow and a bit inconsistent. However, I did encounter one of the nicest attendants in the sky.
 New York to Beijing. Air China cannot be trusted as a 1st World Airline. I purchased a refundable airline ticket and had issues with my connection to the Air China flight. My entire family was going to the Far East for my daughters graduation. Our connecting aircraft was cancelled due to a maintenance issue and we missed our flights. When I tried to rebook the next day, I could not reach anyone in their US office. They were closed. Seriously! I had to call their China number to try and get service. I was told that I had to repurchase the tickets. My ticket was refundable and so I simply cancelled it given I could not reschedule my familys flights. I am still waiting on that refund. I have sent approximately 15 emails to Air China. I did receive one response that advised me that I had to go to their website and formally cancel my flight which I did on the phone with their service agents. I tried that several times but their site didnt work. My advice to anyone traveling to China, do not use Air China. They are not a professional airline and their service is the absolute worst that I have experienced in 30 years of travel. Fly any other airline but do not subject yourself to this company.
  I missed my connection on Sky Express from Corfu to Athens on July 18 2022 because of the unprecedented melted tarmac at London Luton that date. We arrived at nearly 1 AM in Corfu. I was not able to secure a connected flight the next day, July 19 2022 to Athens, but finally was able to persuade the only agent at Corfu airport at that time of night, and had to pay again  even though I had a ticket for a flight which I had missed as noted above for a ticket to Athens the next morning July 19 2022. I had to spend the night in the airport, no accommodation or food or anything. My travel insurance was disregarded, I had no recompense whatsoever. 
Gatwick to Barbados with euroAtlantic Airways. Possibly the worst flight I have ever experienced. We took off late from Gatwick for unknown reasons we were never told why and then the Captain announced the flight would take over 10 hours for journey other airlines do in just over 8hrs. Seat pitch was terrible, we had to wait over 3 hours for lunch served at 1530!, there was insufficient water on board to ensure that we all got something to drink throughout the flight warm beer was offered to me at one stage, they ran out of food, but had some sandwiches 40 hours old so they told us. The crew were totally disinterested, the inflight loop IFE system showed only a superhero type film to a passenger cohort in their 60s, and then a film in Portuguese to an English speaking audience. I can think of nothing good to say about this flight other than that we arrived.
Cape Town to Johannesburg Lanseria on 03 Jan 2013. Flight was supposed to leave at 15.50. Received an SMS that the flight had been delayed to 18.00 then further delayed to 20.00. When I arrived at the airport to check in told that the flight was delayed until 00.45. No information coming out of the Kulula desk other than mixed reports. The only compensation we received was a meal voucher. Flight further delayed until 01.30 in the morning. The Kulula desk took our details and assured us there would be a taxi at the other end. When we arrived at Lanseria airport  no taxis in sight. When the shuttle arrived it was a lone taxi driver. At no point did we receive any apology or plausible explanation. On top of that the quirky inflight announcements were not funny not at 01.30 in the morning. I will never recommend this airline again.
Havana  Cayo Coco return. A one hour flight with an old ATR42 turboprop. Seats surprisingly comfortable and we were offered a free drink plus candy onboard. Nothing special but we arrived on time.
  12 hour flight delay due to cabin crew strike. Had we been informed early enough we would have stayed in Barcelona. We were not allowed out of the airport. Limited food, blankets, pillows were available. Angry emotions caused stressful environment. We lost a big chunk of time on our 1st visit to Israel. We have made numerous attempts to connect with customer support to obtain recompense for the loss. We were hoping to get this taken care of while still in the country. We have received no word in regard to this matter. We were approached by several disgruntled passengers who were filing a lawsuit with EL Al as they said this happens all of the time Hopefully, we are contacted soon in regard to restitution.
  Kahului to Newark via San Francisco. My flight with Virgin America was very good! It was originally supposed to leave Kahului at 110 p.m January 1 but it was changed to 1110 p.m January 1 a few months in advance. It was good that I was made aware of this a good few months before by trip. This meant I got to spend a couple extra hours in Kahului before heading back home to Newark. The flight to SFO was very good, the captain was funny and made a few jokes and the flight attendants were friendly. We were able to make it to SFO in about 4 hours and 15 minutes instead of the scheduled 5 hours. This meant I could enjoy a nice breakfast at the airport before my second leg. The flight from SFO to EWR was just as good. There was a wide selection of drinks and snacks as well as movies. However, the movies did have to be paid for but I didnt much mind as I had my kindle and 3DS. Cabin crew was also friendly. We did have to enter a hold when approaching Newark as their was bad weather and congestion in the air. But, this was to be expected after all this is Newark and it happens all the time. We touched down at 5ish in the afternoon on January 2. Overall, it was a very good experience.
  Bournemouth to Lanzarote. Was a pleasant flight going and coming back, apart from 3 drunks who disturbed the flight going. The staff were amazing especially one in particular, who dealt with these drunks well and always had a huge smile on her face even though she got called some inappropriate names. 
  Do not count on Alaska Airlines to help if you request mobility assistance. In Boston  I requested assistance, they refused to help me to the counter. My luggage was falling, I was tripping. But I got no help! Then I was told I had to put my checked luggage on the platform. I said I needed help I was told you have to put your luggage up here. So a disabled woman tripping and falling over a cane managed to put up a 50 pound piece of luggage. Only after did the incompetent woman ask if I needed assistance? I had asked for help three times and was told no! So I said  if Im required and able to lift a 50 pound suitcase by myself, I will get myself down to the gate since Alaska Airlines is useless. On my way from Anchorage to Boston I took Delta  I had to paytip every person who touched the wheelchair  and I still had to pick up my own baggage? I got to the gate myself bumbling through TSA, who wondered why I didnt have help. When I said I was with Alaska Airlines, they wont help  the woman said Ah  yes Alaska Airlines, no, they are not much help and she proceeded to help me. I arrived at the gate and was immediately pursued by an irate employee asking me loudly my name  and very loudly stating they have to fill out a form for when a customer requests assistance but refuses the wheelchair. I quietly explained the situation, and he continued to chastise me, mimic my words  told him to rip it up. No problems here. He refused. He got louder and more obnoxious. He demanded an explanation  I said, if youre going to make me lift a 50 pound bag by myself, after I kept asking for help  I figure Ill be better off getting myself to the gate. I regret not filing a report on this guy, but I have sympathy because its very difficult to get competent help in Massachusetts or Logan airport. I arrived in Seattle, jumped in their wheelchair and barely made it to the connection. Arrived in Anchorage  there was a rep on the ramp talking on the radio stating he had already requested wheelchairs that were not there. So I didnt bother to hang around. I walked all over the airport and I am in serious pain, I will never depend on Alaska Airlines to help anyone disabled. It works against us and we have to tip everyone so it costs more. Stewards and stewardesses range from incompetent to excellent.
 I expected the Egyptian check in people to be difficult but boy was I wrong  the South Africans take the cake! I flew from Cairo with a transit in JHB before arriving in CPT. My bags were easily admitted in Cairo as they were 26kg and 12kg respectively. The sum of both was 8 kilos less than the permitted 46 kilos of weight that SAA allows. Yet in JHB the checkin enforcer insisted that I must transfer 3 kilos from the heavier bag to the lighter one, even with a 32kg max allowance sign hanging right behind him. I tried to persuade him to let this one go  he was immovable. This repacking, I had to do with a long queue behind me, in full view of everyone in sight, going through my underwear and carefully wrappedpacked items that were now dishevelled in order to placate the gods of South African Airways and their arbitrary baggage rules on weight distribution. Both bags end up on the same plane! This kind of unyielding strictness is incredibly unreasonable and poor for maintaining any loyalty you might want to foster in your customers. I know business class gets 32kg x2 for every customer  so please dont tell me this was to save the employees backs from needing a chiropractor. By the time I was finally checked in, I was hot, sweaty and very angry with SAA. The noose gets tighter every year with your restrictions. Saying yes to me would pose no threat to the airplane or to your profits. Please consider reasonable allowances for your customers.
Rigolet Labrador to Goose Bay Labrador on 13 October 2013 on an Air Labrador twin Otter. Aircraft has been well used over the years but provided a comfortable and quick way back to Goose Bay. Bush flying copilot loaded and unloaded the bags seating  well wherever there is an empty seat. No complaints about the service and would not hesitate to fly with them again.
VIEFRA on A320. The service on board Niki staff free magazines newspapers catering was excellent and better than the service offered by legacy carriers I am used to in Europe.
ORY to EWR. Plane departed on time  cabin was clean and crew in our zone friendly and efficient. No more food choice. All the dishes on a single tray like in Economy Class. Food was cold and main course choice not available and being seated in row 8 this is not understandable. Inflight Entertainment system was as usual not working replaced 3 times without luck. Landed in EWR on time and luggage delivered quickly.
Luxair serves sandwiches and even champagne to economy passengers and for reasonable prices. However, since they replaced many of their jets with noisy propelleraircraft, flyingtimes have become a lot longer and the comfort of their Dash 8 is not the best. On my recent flight from ARN to LUX that was three hours long normally it takes only 2 hours and 10 minutes they had only one drinkrun which is poor for such a long flight. Seating was cramped Dashstandard and there was no onboard entertainment. For me, the slightly better service does not outweigh much longer flight times and this is why I will tend to consider other airlines into FRA again in the future.
  The flight was alright, on time and service during the flight was good. However, afterwards, communication with their customer support was the worst experience ever! Simply the customer team brings shame to the company and I dont know if they have any supervisor over their team. I asked for simple request but they refer each time new email or refuse to work via phone call and simply dont get the work done. So Id not recommend anyone to use this airline as you are highly likely to engage with this terrible customer support team!
  Apparently Norwegian airlines requires passengers to know their luggage options at the time of the ticket purchase. I purchased a light fare and as I learned later it didnt include any luggage. I contacted Norwegian 24 hours before the flight and requested to change my ticket to include one carry on. They told me it was not possible to do the change over the phone but I could do it at the check in counter of the airport. When I came to the counter, the employees refused to change the ticket to include the carry on even though I explained that I wont be able to make it to a connecting international flight if I have to exit and pick up my checked bag. I tried booking a new ticket with the luggage on my phone but it showed as available but they said I could only do at the ticket office. The ticket office refused to do it. I was tossed back and forth between the check in counter and ticket office and every employee only pointed to my mistake at booking and refused to help. As a result I missed a connecting flight. If the customer service explained to me that this procedure would not be possible, I would just buy a new ticket with carry on luggage for $150 instead of spending $650 for a new international flight
  You have to be careful with the workers at Nukualofa airport. It seems that they are either ignorant about how to proceed with the boarding or they want to take your money leaving you on the ground and forcing you to buy another ticket without any reason that they can explain. The next day they let us fly without any problem with the same Spanish passports and the same authorisation to enter New Zealand.
 It was the worst trip I made overseas! Booked ticket on Qatar website and on return the luggage from DEL didnt arrive at Doha. The rude staff did not allow me to board flight to DFW! After debating with them that the booking was done by Qatar Airways and any connecting flight was their responsibility, I was finally made to stay overnight. Next day reached DFW and again the flight to my destination was cancelled! They flew me to an airport 2.5 hr away and husband had to drive 5 hr to pick me up. No amount of phone support would help. Very rude staff at Doha making you feel as if it was my fault the luggage didnt arrive. They need better logistics with partner airlines. I trusted Middle East airlines over American but its a mistake. Time tested Delta and American are still dependable. A 25 hr journey took 45h.
 Qantas canceled the flights. They provided only one alternative option requiring a visa. When I pointed it out, they charged an extra 820AUD to have a rescheduled flight without a visa requirement. But they lost my other tickets. I was trying to persuade them for two hours until I got my tickets back. But these flights were canceled again. You cant speak with someone in Melbourne airport. They say to call the hotline and wait for an hour until a rude operator will refuse to solve your issue
  Mostly a great experience. Toronto to Frankfurt then Austrian Airlines to Vienna Fare Class Business Upgraded to Prime Seat Nice new A330neo plane. Lovely livery and the plane still smell new. Crew were efficient if not overly friendly. Fluent in English and German. Menu options were good. Cold appetizers were nicer than the hot meals but overall no complaints. Wine selection was good. Great long haul business class hard product. Comfortable pod seats with plenty of space and felt fairly private. I upgraded to Prime Seat and had so much space especially in lie flat position. Able to sleep comfortably. Love the pyjamas provided. Comfy and worth keeping. Boarding was a gong show. No sense of organization or dedicated boarding calls for each group. Just a mass of people trying to board all at once. No priority boarding observed. Overall good experience and certainly cheapest transatlantic business fare I could find. I would not necessarily upgrade to Prime seats again as other seats in business were equally good.
 Full marks and much appreciation for a prompt and full refund of our unused flights due to Covid 19 from Paris to Hong Kong and Hong Kong to Sydney. We had a refund in our account just 12 days after we applied which was truly exceptional. So disappointed in our own airline Qantas from whom we are still waiting for a refund on a cancelled flight since first applying in March six months ago! We will definitely use Cathay Pacific in the future because of this experience and you certainly have won our admiration as customers. Thank You.
  Avoid Copa Airlines at all costs, this company takes advantage of everyone, including Panamanians. I had sent some personal effects by cargo from Canada to Panama because I had finished my studies and could not take them all with me in the flight to Panama. On its arrival, I was asked to make a list of every single thing in the suitcase and list its price mind you that it was clothes I had worn for years and bed linens, school notes, and other personal effects. These people along with the Customs department blatantly scam people. They claimed the Tact Rate in the Air Waybill was how much I had to pay them, yet it is common knowledge for customs people that this is an arbitrary cost used by freight companies and not the actual shipment costs. For reference, the tact rate was $580, while the amount I had actually paid to send the package was CAD$360. In addition, they insisted on us having to hire a customs broker and on having to pay an arbitrary amount to get it out, basically a bribe, but a bribe you cant get away of. Dont do your business with them, as a Panamanian Im sorry, but please take your business somewhere else where they dont have the audacity and ignorance to scam you and act like that is the law. 
Vientiane to Chiang Mai  turbo prop plane very modern flight friendly staff  had a little snack  would fly again!
  Long trip to Thailand for a family of four, including two kids of 12 and 10 years old. I recommend Etihad Airways for professionnalism, the friendliness of its crew, and general reliability. All flights ontime, no luggage problem. Comfortable Boeing 787 with rich inflight entertainment. The density in economy class is high, but this is understandable given the low ticket price. Abu Dhabi is not the newest and most comfortable airport for a connection, but its not a big deal.
  You have to pay for all in this company! First of all, you cant take cabin bags with unless you pay but that I already knew before I bought it. Second, I tried to do the online check in the day before but the site wasnt working well I had to change my birthday date because it was wrong and the button to change wasnt working, so I give up and decided to do the check in the airport. When I got there, they told me I had to pay 58,5 nuevo soles more or less 15 euros or dollars because I didnt do the online check in. Well, Ive been traveling a lot in the last couple of years and Ive known several airline companies, and I never had to pay to check in! Even more, I tried to explain the situation but it didnt help. I ask for the complaint book, which, once again, was not working well on the website, so they gave me a physical one. After I gave them the book, they answered right in the moment and said that they didnt seen in the system that I tried to do the check in which I did! and they even add that I bought the ticket through a travel agency like if it was a problem. Im very upset with this company and I dont advise anyone to fly with them!
  Shanghai to Hong Kong. A reasonable regional business class offering. Seats are nothing special in a 2x2x2 layout with minimal recline and space, but are sufficient for a short range business class flight. Generally, Cathay Dragon aircraft are old and this was no exception with this particular A330 being 21 years old. Crew were friendly and attentive and food selection was ok. I feel that Cathay Dragon is very middle of the road in terms of what it offers at the front end of the cabin.
  This was a wonderful trip, and cabin crew showed warm service and professionalism. Even under the epidemic, HNA still maintains amazing cabin service. The flight attendants try their best to maintain high standards of service to make me feel comfortable and respected. I believe I will choose Hainan Airlines flight next time I travel.
  Never again will I fly this airline. The seats are uncomfortable and the cabin was so hot I was nauseous. Also, the lack of WiFi on such a long flight is untenable especially when flying with young children. The staff was lovely but it was just too uncomfortable and expensive for what was offered.
 Flew Sydney to London via Seoul and return in economy. After reading many reviews about Asiana I thought Id fly with them this time back to the UK but after this time, I wont bother again. Its not that theyre bad but SIA and Cathay Pacific are so much better. The food was nothing special and rather odd in texture, the entertainment system was old with poor response from the touch screen and very limited choice of movies. I dont sleep well on flights so usually spend a lot of time watching movies, I didnt finish one. Baggage allowance was a measly 20kg. Not that I expect to travel with all my household furnishings but Id like to travel and not worry Im going to go over my weight allowance. On the outbound flight from Sydney my wife was asleep so I ate her snack, my bad. After she woke up I went to see if I could get her another one. That was a no as she already had her allocated snack. With Cathay, just in the crew area they have bowls of fruit and other snacks that you can help yourself to. Want something hot, no bother with CX, have some noodles. An annoying thing when youre trying to sleep is that whenever we hit turbulence the screen would light up. I dont understand Korean and maybe its something to do with the Korean language but youd get these long announcements but in English it ends up garbled and very brief. Does Korean use more to say less? Im Asian myself and can understand that many Asians have trouble with the English language but considering English is the language all airlines are supposed to use the standard was poor and I missed more than I actually caught. I suppose you get what you pay for and they where at the cheaper end of the price scale but still, its the little things that add up to make it a less than an experience Id want to repeat.
  On 8th August, 2020 we sent 8 seafarers via Aeroflot by flight SU2578 to London Heathrow where crew should had been departed the same day to the USA. All seafarers hold guarantee letters from agent in the USA, from Company, issued tickets to the USA and valid c1d USA visas. But checkin and registration was refused by Aeroflot at checkin desk and their representative at Sheremetevo Airport showed low competency while refusing registration. Aeroflot representative denied accept immigration exemption of UK government for transit of seafarers with valid C1D visas, refused talking to Company representative and was rude. On hot line of Aeroflot we were told that it is unacceptable that their representative behaved like this. Because of incompetence of Aeroflot employee we lost lot of time and nerves. All was solved once this employee finished his working day and more informed and professional representative let registration for flight for our seafarers. 
 Kuala Lumpur to Surabaya. This was my first time on Citilink. When booking, I was pleasantly surprised that 10kg bag weight and hot food was given free of charge. The price of the ticket was also affordable. The flight took off and landed as scheduled. I would certainly fly with Citilink again.
  Checked in online the day before flying through their new beta online checkin system. On the day of departure I had unforeseen delays so would arrive after checkin counter closed but well before the gate closed. Tried the webchat to check if there would be any issues. Agent stopped responding despite my repeated attempts to get a reply over the course of more than twenty minutes. When I arrived at the airport I ran to the counter and was told I could still get a boarding pass if I had checked in online before checkin closure. The agent checked my passport and said I was not checked in. I tried to show her my confirmation on my phone but she would not look at it. Then I tried to call the customer care line in Malaysia on their website and it does not work. I later received an email that I had missed my flight and that I need to call customer care through a number listed in a link, when I clicked the link it didnt work. 
 The service was terrible. At the gate, they didnt have any speakers to announce boarding zones, only a couple of guys yelling at the top of their voices. This naturally led to a lot of confusion and arguments between the people lined up. Seats were uncomfortable. I do not know how these seats are different from other airplanes but me and the people around me agreed that our bottoms and backs were hurting. The seats are just bad. Inflight service was even worse. We received a meal lunch about 1 hour into the flight. After that, for the next 6 hours, they didnt even offer water! We were parched. We tried grabbing their attention with attendant calls. Nobody responded. I even walked over to the galley to request water. They said there will be a beverage service soon, which never came. This was outrageous. For 6 hours on a 10 hour flight with no beverages, snacks or even water! We received another small meal an hour before landing where we requested multiple bottles of water. But most food and water items were over since, surprise, the crew had mistakenly started serving from the back of the airplane to the front!
  IB8496 from Palma to Menorca, operated by Air Nostrum. Boarding started with a significant delay of two hours but the ground crew were very conscious of that fact and tried to speed up the boarding process as good as possible. At boarding, the aircraft was baking hot. This bettered only a little during the flight but with the flight being just 30 minutes long, the temperature wasnt as big a deal as it would have been on a longer flight. The crew were friendly and talking to them in English was no problem at all. The aircraft was very clean. The leg room was a bit on the short side. There was no complimentary drink or meal service.
  Paphos to East Midlands. Will definitely fly Jet2 again. Love the free resort flight check in it was so easy and stress free. All staff encountered where friendly and helpful.
  Myself and my fianc were on our way back from Barbados in December 2017 and we had to get a connecting flight from Barbados to Antigua and then to London. When we checked in for our flight, to our shock that is when we found out that our flight had been changed with no prior notice. So at the last minute we found out that we were no longer going straight to Antigua but we now had to stop over at Guadeloupe first, then to Antigua. We were not notified of these changes to our outbound flight and we found this to be highly unprofessional! The biggest problem was having to stop off at Guadeloupe  in doing so, we lost a lot of time. Our stop off in Guadeloupe lasted for around 20 minutes and by the time we got to Antigua, we had lost a lot of time and we werent able to collect our luggage. Also, when we got to Antigua we were given the wrong information regarding where to go, it seemed like nobody knew what they were doing! So by the time we went to collect our luggage, it turns out our flight had already boarded and the gates were about to close. Just as we were standing near luggage collection, I could see my hand luggage but the staff did not allow me to collect my case before I boarded the plane so we were forced to go without our luggage. The fact that LIAT gave us an extra stop on our journey caused so many problems and it absolutely ruined our return flight home!! We payed £60 for our seats and we were so distressed about our luggage being left in Antigua that we couldnt enjoy our flight or even relax. When we got back to London, we had to fill out paperwork and wait for 2 days before we got our luggage back. We found the entire service from LIAT to be a very disappointing experience, their customer service is very poor and they really need to do better! For our first time travelling with LIAT, it was so bad that we both feel like we will never take another LIAT flight again. The experience was absolutely atrocious.
  St Petersburg to Bangkok via Almaty. There has been significant improvements to this airline in the fourteen years since I first flew. It was a day service between St Petersburg and Almaty on a clean A320. Seats were comfortable, spacious and with a reasonable recline. Food was good and well presented. In flight entertainment was on tablets and there was a reasonable selection. Cabin service was a little hit and miss  I asked for wine with my meal and by the time I realised that it had been forgotten I had finished and did not ask for it. The cabin crew spoke reasonablegood English but only spoke to me in Russian because initially I had spoken to them in Russian. The check in in St Petersburg was fast, efficient and in English. They had a bus for business class passengers to go to the plane. The flight departed and arrived on time and my luggage was among the first offloaded in Almaty. The Almaty  Bangkok sector was a night flight on a new Dreamliner 769 with a dinner type meal at about 2.30 am. Check in in Almaty was slow because the operator was dealing with problems for a couple of economy class passengers. It would have been faster to use the economy check in counter! Food was good and the seatbed was comfortable and there was quite a selection of in flight entertainment. I was identified as a foreigner and so spoken to in good English. The plane left and arrived on time and again my luggage was amongst the first off the plane.
 The name Avianca used to be associated with something special. My last flights were a chain of terrible experiences due to the new policies of the airline very randomly implemented by the employees. I brought an overweight suitcase and they made me pay an additional $120 USD. Thats crazy. I also had to pay $80 for two very small boxes that I planned to bring as a personal item. Interestingly, people who were traveling with much larger items were allowed to proceed without purchasing additional luggage i.e. guitars. During the ticketing process, Avianca employees were forcing passengers with suspected personal items too large to get out of the ticketing line to measure their items, in an attempt to extort more money similar to other cheap airlines. Avianca is poorly executing a reset of itself, and they are not doing a good job. Avianca is now the worst airline in LATAM, not the best. I will only fly with Avianca if there are no other options.
Daytrip to Aleppo on day one outbound was a domestic leg of an international flight that continued to Stockholm. Aircraft was filthy but on time. Was quite concerned when airline staff took our passports to be returned in Aleppo  to identify domestic passengers or give us an incentive not to stay onboard for the long flight to Sweden and civilisation. Return was on decadesold Tupolev 134 although this aircraft was very clean. Day two was a round trip on the same aircraft to Deirezzor and back to fly on a Yak 40 very unusual old Russian commuter jetliner gone from service everywhere else in the world. While the Yak was a novelty I am sure for a regular airline passenger it would be quite scary as the plane was in fairly poor condition. Our flight unlike the previous days ALPARN service left from the domestic terminal a real third world mess with puddles of water and ash on the floor no signs or shops or anything. Smoking was encouraged though. On arrival at Deirezzor my travel partner and I were arrested because we assume it was unusual for pax to flyandreturn in the same morning. Released and allowed to rejoin the flight back to Damascus but on arrival back at DAM were arrested again and spent the entire day being interviewed by scary security officials who were not only sinister but also incompetent eg photocopied our passports but inadvertently gave us the photocopy then searching their own paperwork for the photocopies etc. Perhaps our travel plans were out of the ordinary but if it was an itinerary unfavourable to Syrian security concerns why sell us the ticket in the first place? Eventually released shaken. Day three was a day trip to Latakia beach resort. Old Yak 40 again shabby service smoking cabin crew smoking refuellers etc. Waiting at small Latakia airport for return to DAM many plainclothes cops pacing like circling sharks due to a VIP passenger. Same at international departures TK to IST and on to LHR  circling security agents in shiny suits everywhere hanging ceiling panels frayed wires broken luggage belts broken destination indicators with handwritten signs taped over them complete with spelling mistakes! our flight was to Astanbul. Never been so happy to leave a country. Some of this doesnt relate to Syrianair but our troubles revolved around the Deirezzor flights which again Syrianair were quite happy to sell us. Avoid this country and its deluded joke of a national airline.
A nightmare journey to Amritsar due to leave at 1350 from BHX. On arriving for check in we were informed the flight was delayed 11 hours  spent all day at the airport. On boarding the flight the staff were rude and unhelpful  not even fully conversant in English. The flight was due to land in Ashgabad for a short break but the pilot took the aircraft to Mary Airport due to bad weather  and left the aircraft as did other members of crew. The passengers were left sitting on the aeroplane for 4 hours prior to it taking off for Amritsar. There were insufficient drinks onboard and we were not able to leave the aircraft. Staff could not update us on when we would leave Mary as they had to wait for another aeroplane to land so they could get back up to full crew. I will never fly with these people again they offered no apologies for the gross mistreatment of the passengers. Never will my family travel with Turkmenistan Airlines again!
 Return flight ZAGAGPZAG in mid  March 2023. Booking flights on the Ryanair app is easy and straightforward. Very reasonably priced tickets are bought 2 months in advance. Flights from ZAG are operated by Lauda Europe and their A320 in 180 seat config. Boarding was on time with a bit of queuing. The young and very enthusiastic crew offered very good service with lots of smiles. Both flights were on time. Onboard products are reasonably priced. Had just enough leg space I was not touching the seat in front. No frills, but flights were definitely very good value for money.
  I was flying back to Raleigh from Spain on Aer Lingus with stops in Dublin and Boston. However when I got to Dublin Aer Lingus had a system failure so all their EU flights were canceled but they were still pushing out the flights to the US. My flight got delayed 3 times however we finally boarded but about 3040 minutes after boarding and right when the air hostess were giving the safety instructions they got a call from the pilot and couple minutes later the Pilot announced that the flight couldnt take off because he would go over the amount of flying time he can legally complete. When the flight was canceled it was around 11 pm and they promised to give us a hotel and reimburse us for finding new flights. They did not find us new flights we had to find them ourselves and they didnt provide us with accommodations. I ended up sleeping on the floor of the airport over night and spent at least 30 hours in the airport because of this whole ordeal. To this day I still havent received the refund or the reimbursement for finding a new flight and it is now 2.5 months later. I understand that they would have been understaffed and thrown off guard when the system crashed but no staff member that I talked to seemed like they wanted to help. I reached out to their customer service about rebooking my flight they didnt get back to me 2 days after I got back to the states about rebooking my flight.
Everything worked out on on our flight HonoluluMolokai. The plane was very small. The only thing that surprised me was that we all had to step on the scales which was quite embarrassing. Cant they do it privately if they must do it? I flew another airline back because of it. Didnt want to do the weigh in again in front of my friends! This airline lost my business.
Fly Aberdeen to Norwich and back. Customer service is very poor they are not helpful. The seats are worn and hard. Crew dont care for the passengers. I will be flying BMI from now on about the same price but far better service.
ROKBNEROK. Flights late to depart. Annoyed at being informed only 10 minutes before departing. Onward connections changed without incident as they were with Qantas. Inflight service excellent the food is plentiful along with drinks. Getting bussed around at Brisbane airport is a tad annoying. I travel Qantaslink a lot and of late their ontime performance has been woeful. Otherwise good service.
  Horrible airline! Absolutely avoid! I upgraded my ticket to first class because I was checking two bags and the difference between the bag costs and first class for a four hour flight just made sense. Well, I got to the counter and was charged for both bags additional $100. I was shown a jenky post it to take a picture with a phone number that only offers the option of texting. When you text, you get a response that theres a long wait time for a response. Well, I received a curt response stating that because my initial ticket was not first class it was an upgrade that my bags are not included. No apologies  just took bad, so sad. To really rub salt in the wound, we are delayed one hour. This flight on Breeze is my first and last. Absolutely one star customer service to match this one star airline.
  Tel Aviv to Chisinau. They can cancel your flight any time, and if you will ask for a refund they will not accept. Try to avoid them, they only care for money. I had the worst experience with them, I waited at the airport 13 hours to take another flight instead. I will never ever fly will them again. 
I normally fly from Mildura to Melbourne return once a year. Im legally blind and I also suffer from a medical condition which effects my mobility and everyone from the ground crew to the flight attendants have provided me with excellent service. The Dash 8 Q400 aircraft are fantastic aircrafts for short flights.
 The most disgusting and disappointing experience that I ever had with any airline, as always they overbooked the flight and they didnt let me in on a flight that paid 2000$ for, all they care about is money.
  My experience with Aer Lingus has been disgraceful and I would not recommend flying with them. I travelled from Auckland to Belfast to see family with Emirates and my last leg London to Belfast was with Aer Lingus. They lost all my checkin luggage for the duration of the trip and I spent much of my two week trip home in call waiting queues, which I was regularly on for over an hour and half at a time, only to be cut off and rushing around buying clothes and other essentials. I have sent emails, filled in their website forms and on my second to last day managed to get through to a person at lost baggage services. I told them so send my bags back to Auckland as I would be leaving the address that they had on file for me in Belfast, so wouldnt be there. They delivered the bags to the address I had already left and managed to ruin that day too. Its been 7 weeks now, I have sent many emails, tried calling loads of times even tried their online chat services and they dont respond  nothing, you are just sent in circles all the while they are taking other peoples money and running a shambles of an airline. I of course understand that bags do get lost from time to time, but the utter contempt you must have for your customers to not even respond to calls or emails for nearly 2 months is totally disgraceful. This company not only ruined a 2 week trip to the other side of the world but they have cost me a small fortune in international call on hold from NZ for an hour a time and in purchases replacing items that they lost. The level of incompetence and lack of any care for their customers is breathtaking. I will never fly with these people again.
  This airline is the worst you could choose. We flew to Barcelona. We bought and paid for bulk head seats. Those are the extra leg room seats because there is no seat in front of you. It cost us $175 each for both ways. A few days before the flight, we checked on line, and it showed the right seats. Then, on the day of the flight, the boarding passes were issued with seats in the middle of the row in the middle of the plane. We paid for the best seats and got the worst seats? Then, going back to LA, the same thing happened. Although we paid for the more expensive extra leg room, we were seated in the absolute back row next to the bathroom. Awful seats!! All they kept saying was the plane is full. There is nothing we can do. People on line said the same. Customer service was rude and hangs up. One person said, No, that agent lied to you. Nothing can be done. Ask for your refund online. The flight crew was not friendly at all. And the meal seemed like it was planned by a three year old pasta, a roll, potato salad and cake. Plane bathrooms were dirty, smelly, and no paper. This airline is truly the very worst I have ever flown.
Have always flown with Tiger as my choice of budget airlines, and so far only Tiger have not given me flight delay problems. Recently I just booked another flight to travel in November. Due to unforeseen circumstances, I was forced to cancel the trip. Although Tiger have stated their policy as no refund and no cancellation, the staff at Tiger truly went the extra mile for me and my family. They offered direct and correct channels of assistance and help, were cheerful throughout.  Alternatives were given for me to choose, and they resolved all issues.  Thank you Tiger, the human touch is really felt.
  San Francisco to Papeete. Ive flown on French Bee 10 times now and it was always perfect. Aircraft is brand new, seats go very far back, staff is super nice. Movie selection is awesome. Check in in Tahiti was very long.
  In the second leg of my flight from BAH to CDG, as there was no cabin space my 3 cabin bags were collected by staff in the flight and told us that they will keep it in cargo and give us back in CDG airport before we get down from the flight. As they have confirmed that they are not checking the bags in and keeping it in CARGO, they havent given us any receipt or bag tags. When enquired with flight Attendant in CDG, she insisted that the bags will reach our final destination, i.e. DFW in this instance even though bag tags are not available. But the bags havent reached our final destination. Its been more than 6 days since my date of travel 15th Jan, 2023, but my bags havent reached me. The baggage department is also very unresponsive even though i have given my bags description to them. I feel that the staff who has collected our bags in BAH should have informed the flight attendant that these are the bags to be handed over in CDG.  With this horrible experience not resolved, i would rather pay more for a ticket than journey through Gulf Air again.
  Singapore to Penang. I was running late and met this very helpful ground staff helped to speed up my checkin using the automated system and completed it within a couple of minutes. She does the job with professionalism and a smile. If more airline staffs are like her, it will help take away some of the hassle of air travel.
  Seoul to Taipei. Absolutely one of the most horrendous flights Ive ever been on. The staff and general company are so incompetent at doing the bare minimum. The staff at the desk were extremely rude and rolling their eyes when my bag was over the weight limit. They expect passengers to pay $12 for every kilogram the luggage is over the 15kg weight limit. When I stepped to the side to rearrange my bags the staff at the counter left within 15min .. and then another staff told me that check in bags are now closed. Im honestly speechless with the lack of respect this company has for its customers and ridiculous policies. I will never be flying with this airline again.
  Every encounter with airline representatives was pleasant and professional. Thank you to Ahmed, who checked me in very early this morning 100 am, June 6th, and made sure I was happy with the seating. Also to Zeeshan, who helped me find my way to the lounge, with all its wonderful amenities.  Much gratitude to the female Captain, who flew us smoothly from Dubai to JFK and kept us all well informed about a few delays before takeoff. 
 The customer service agent at the MontrealTrudeau airport was nothing but ignorant, the expression on her face was disgraceful and her lack of caring really showed. The flight got delayed for 12 hour than an hour and now 3 hours. I will miss my connecting flight and all charges are on me. This airline needs to wake up if they want to continue transporting human beings and treat them as such. Very disappointing but not the first time. There is always some type of show attached to this company. Be aware.
  Vietnam Airlines provide super terrible service. Me and my wife original flight should be on 2752023 11am VN6854 departure from Changi Airport T4, we reach airport on that day around 7.30am and we proceed to check in counter. Upon reach check in counter only that we found VN6854 flight cancel, we are very confuse and upset how come Vietnam Airline never inform us in advance at all. Upon calling Vietnam Airline Ho Chi Minh customer service hotline vietnam airline do not have singapore customer service hotline only we found out they change our flight to 2752023 625pm VN654. Because the newly assign flight 7.5hour delay as per our original plan, we request to change flight to earlier flight because we are rushing back to Ho Chi Minh celebrate my father in law birthday. Total I made 7 call to vietnam airline customer just to check can me and my wife change to earlier flight, my calling cost to them definitely more than SGD$150. After so many call they inform us cannot change. Conclusion 1 They never apologise 2 They sent email inform me about the original flight cancel on 2752023 824am 3 they never compensate for the mistake they make 4 me and my wife miss father in law birthday 5 Total we wait at Changi airport T4 more than 11 Hour, that super long day and tired. All this can be avoid if Vietnam Airline inform client in advance like 12week before our flight.
Very impressed with Germanwings. The flight was punctual, crew was professional and polite. I traveled Smart economy. Boarding was quick and efficient. The aircraft was clean, the Lavs were spotless. There was good legroom and we were given a choice of beverages and substantial snack.  The arrival was ontime, and luggage was delivered promptly.
Montera to Medelln. I travelled with a friend who had one small bag and a tiny bag and the gate staff made a whole fuss concerning the two bags. After moving the tiny bag into my own bag she finally agreed to label our bags. The plane wasnt even half full so there was no problem regarding space. She was just interested in charging 80,000 Colombian pesos. Ridiculous and pathetic attempt at charging such a small amount of stuff for a weekend break. We were of course given seats far apart 6e and 24a as this tactic encourages passengers to purchase seats together. Beware!
  Puerto Princesa to Sydney via Manila. We had booked our tickets a couple of months before the date. Due to the volcano near Manila we decided to cancel our flight and book another flight via Singapore and Bali to Sydney. We paid a cancellation fee of 32.5, and now we are waiting for our refund. But they only want to give us a travel fund, but we dont need more flights. We are heading home to the Netherlands soon. The travel fund is only for us, we cannot book for others and is ending at the 17th of April, then our money is gone.  Never again.
LondonTunis return on new A318 aircraft. Seating good hot meals both ways cabin crew friendly  overall pleasant experience. Tuesday flights are preferable to weekend ones and are cheaper too!
  Aer Lingus is the best airline Ive flown. They have comfortable seats, good food and a wide range of content on their IFE systems. They are responsive, modern and quick. The staff was helpful and friendly. I had one bad experience with a flight attendant who was short and rude with me. That is the only negative thing with Aer Lingus. 
  Pathetic service. The ETA was 1150 a.m. and at 1355 p.m., the flight is yet to take off. Apparently the systems have had a ransomware attack, which is why they couldnt take off on time. My recent experience with SpiceJet in the last few months have all been delayed. While I waited with the other passengers at the boarding gate, multiple Indigo flights left. Spicejet couldnt care less. 
  Not very impressed and find it hard to understand how this airline has a four star rating. Seats were quite good, but service lacking. Lounge in Manila small and not adequate. On the plus side, flights on time and plane quite new. Fare cheap compared to others.
Flew Air Zimbabwe VFAHRE then HREMRU return. All flights were on Boeing 737200 aircraft  showing their age but quite comfortable. Drinks service on all flights crisps and peanuts on the VFAHRE route a short hop hot meals on Mauritius flights. Cabin crew were attentive and helpful. On the downside MRUHRE flight was delayed 30 minutes but no explanations were given until we were on the plane this may be more the airports fault  and some lifejackets not properly secured under seats. Overall though service was better than expected.
  Dont bother with premium on El Al. The airline provided has no dedicated check in for premium seat holders. Premium seat holders get no preference in boarding and staff allows all upper stowage to be utilised by none premium seat holders. Took 3 hours to pass security and check in and I pre checked  of no use. Worst airline ever.
  Thank you so much scoot ground service crew members in Penang with the help! What happens was that I have forgotten about a souvenir small knife in my hand carry, before board the flight they rushing to help me keep my souvenir knife into my small bag and help me check in the bag. Hence my souvenir is back with me. I truly appreciate the help by the ground crew.
  This morning the 06h00 flight from Cape Town to Bloemfontein was cancelled due to aircraft issues. The airline knew this was a possibility yesterday already and did not take steps to ensure that passengers were notified and rebooked on Mango at 09h30. When arriving at the check in counter 109, passengers are sent to SA Airways reservations. You are then informed that SAA no longer does the rebooking for SA Express. Thereafter you are sent to flight control at counter 30. From there you are sent to Mango at counter 101. After walking from one end of the terminal building to the other, you are then asked to come back at 07h00 as the SA Express office in Bloemfontein needs to change the booking to Mango but they only open at 06h00. Surely this should have been anticipated and planned for yesterday evening for the latest! Emailing customers services is of no use as the only response is the automatic email reply with a case number. Dont bother emailing the customer services manager as he just doesnt bother replying. My advice to anyone who wishes to use this airline .... book on an alternate airline as SA Express really is unreliable and their customer service is no existent.
  At first, the ground crew manager came up to the passengers asking for volunteers to change to another flight they would fly to Santiago de Compostela instead, and have a bus waiting for them to take them to Porto, and all they offered was a 500€ compensation, which is much less than what they should actually have to pay every passenger if no one took the offer and they had to refuse entry to passengers as they mismanaged and overbooked this flight even though they kept insisting on that it was an aircraft issue and they had to use a smaller one, while the people at the check in desks said clearly that it was overbooked. After that, the boarding process took ages, as some people had their passes invalidated due to the mentioned overbooking issue, meaning their seats mine included were unavailable. Whats funny about this is that even people in rows as low as 1015 or so had their seats invalidated. Anyway the boarding process took well over an hour for the lucky ones, all the while the ground crew was being extremely rude to people that didnt yet fully understand the issue, instead of explaining what they were trying to do to solve the issue we passengers do not care how your worthless service screwed up the bookings, do not belittle us for not understanding what stupid excuses you make. Now for the unlucky ones that had their seats invalidated, we were put to the side while they tried to figure out what to do, all the while the ground crew kept insisting for us to take the 500€ and go on another flight or whatever, which I find extremely distasteful, knowing that all of us should be compensated much better had we been refused entry. Some people that were put to the side still accepted the offer, which in the end did make room for everyone else on the flight, after of course another hour or so of waiting. Now with all that said, I wouldnt have minded the issue as much if it werent for the rudeness of the ground crew, the almost 2 hours of keeping us in the dark about what was going to happen to us, and the persistence of the ground crew manager to have us go to another flight, if you really wanted that to happen offer something better than just 500€, you know very well the compensation the airline would have to give us had we been refused entry. To add insult to injury, when at last the flight took off, we werent offered anything at all in flight, not one measly bottle of water or a bag of chips or a small cup of coffee, nothing, absolutely worst customer service ever. As a bonus, the cabin crew hit my leg with the foodbeverage cart while I was sleeping, admittedly I had my leg on the corridor, which I hadnt done on purpose or willingly, but instead of waking me up to move my leg, they just hit it and all I got was a Oh sorry sir, then the attendant moved on like nothing happened. It only hurt for a bit, its not like I want monetary compensation or anything for that, but yeah a cup of coffee could have made it up for almost everything. Worst airline I used so far, dont recommend it, I certainly wont be using it ever again.
  You pay for what you get I suppose. No in flight entertainment. No complimentary anything.., not even a cup of coffee. And worse they lost my checked bag. After I did everything they asked. Was there well above their asking time. Waited patiently in line and they STILL lost my bag on a direct flight. 
  I called the contact number on their website. The lady that answered seemed very angry. I asked about a refund I have been waiting for for ages. She went like just wait why are you in hurry? I asked if I could speak to someone else who could help, she said no. No one can help you. I called multiple times and every is worse than the other. The last person connected me to a said supervisor. The supervisor hang up to my face. It is both funny and frustrating how they treat their customers. What kind of management do they have? Its really appalling! At the airport they are just as rude.
 Jakarta to Jayapura with Lion Air. Flight left and arrived on time. Managed to score one of the rows of empty seats at the back, good for sleeping on this overnight flight. A decent selection of drinks and food were sold on borad, unusual for Lion!
  Absolutely ridiculous refund policies. I had no need for a flight I had booked and wanted to cancel with a weeks notice only to be told that refunds are not provided for change of mind. Consideration of circumstances out of control should be considered here and refusing a refund when given suitable notice is abhorrent. I now have to make a trip just to avoid wasting my money. I will not fly with Tigerair ever again, lesson learned.
 The flight from Milan to Kuwait was ok, I had the emergency seat and sat comfortably, the nightmare started during the layover. The flight got delayed for 2 hours, the boarding process was so rushed and was very chaotic. When I got inside the plane, my selected seat was occupied and the flight attendant put me in a middle seat. Im tall 6.3 and imagine how uncomfortable I was. Food was fine, nothing special, if you order special meal, specify two different kind of type of meal, or else youll get the same thing for both leg. My IFE was not working most of the time and the staff was not able to fix it.
  Paris to Reunion. Air Austral is a fairly good airline. The seat layout of the Airbus A330200 was 2x4x2. The leg room was not too bad. Inflight entertainment was good and worked well. Cabin service was average but generally fine. The flight was on time.
Paris to Algiers then to Ouagadougou and back. Overall I found this airline good value for money they are cheap and offer minimal service. The aircrafts were old but kept in a good state except for the washrooms which were disgusting. Seats were rather comfortable. On the AlgiersOuagadougou leg 1st class seating was attributed randomly to economy passengers. The meals were excellent even on the shorter ParisAlgiers flights. The food is halal but wine is available. Of my 4 flights only one was late by about one hour. No information whatsoever was given while we were waiting but the crew apologised once we were let in.
 On my way from Las Vegas to Portland. Spirit last minute cancelled my flight at the gate. They had been having internal IT issues and couldnt get a flight out Friday June 2nd. They were unable to accommodate my flight until after my return from Portland which would have been pointless. I ended up thankfully booking with Alaska Airlines instead for the next morning. Then when flying home from Portland because Im seated zone 3 the attendant charged my rolling bag which which is the same size as a duffel bag and charged me 100$. I said well are you going to take my bag to luggage and he said no now you can place on top in the cabinets. He gave me a look like I was an idiot and said man this has been our policy for 15 years, I told him my bag fit and your the first airline to charge to now be able to place my bag on top in the cabinet. This airline is a joke and I will not be flying with them again.
  My Cape Air flight from Boston to Rutland was cancelled, only a few hours before we were supposed to travel. Cape Air first offered to refund us vouchers  which is against the law. I still have not been reimbursed, a full month later. They promised to refund me after a complaint with The Department Of Transportation  I suggest you do the same dot.gov. Evasive  I got a mail back stating I would be getting my money back and how this is all a misunderstanding, but that is it. They are playing that dishonest lets make it as hard as possible game, so that perhaps he will let it go. It is the principle. Terrible airline.
 Worst flight ever. The airline told us lies over and over. Our flight was to take off at 340 pm their equipment has issues and terminal services is awful. They should have a negative 5 rating.
  Denpasar to Perth on 20th October. It was 60  90 mins after departure that we were offered a drink, that is too long. The drink was offered was with the meal service dont know if they were short staffed, nothing offered on boarding in economy. By row 6 they had run out of meal choices usually only 2 so it was fish or fish. They had run out of cool drink. My leg room was a joke and in the  middle seat. Very crowded buses between terminal and plane. On the flight to Bali a larger jet was used, seating far better, bottled water offered on boarding etc. Meals are very average. The entertainment experience is the same as on the smaller plane  woeful.  I complained directly to Garuda and got the standard sorry routine. Not good enough. 
  The worst service! The most embarrassing airline in the world! We paid €478 each for a flight from Bilbao to Milan with €140 of luggage each and for not dispatching it, they made us pay €120 more one way! They did not give us the receipt because the machine was not working. I will never fly with Vueling again on principle.  El peor servicio! La aerolnea mas vergonzosa del mundo! Pagamos 478€ cada uno por un vuelo de Bilbao a Milan con 140€ de equipaje cada uno y por no despacharlo, nos hicieron pagar 120€ mas solo de ida! No nos dieron el recibo porque la mquina no funcionaba. Nunca mas volare con Vueling por principio. 
  My flight seat was changed at the last moment right before boarding with no reasons told or with no explanation. I had opted for Indian vegetarian option, but airline has combined three veg options  indian jain, vegan and indian vegetarian meal into one category, which means that my version of vegetarian did not include any dairy products. My meal had no real fruits or natural sweets .. My meal had fruit pops, chocolates and very high sugar products. Staff was rude and did not offer anything to drink, one of the air hostess was too arrogant to ask , She asked all the time for everything from my co passengers but I have to ask her always for every thing including simple glass of water. My seat was quite tight to sit and the remote was not detachable so have to use the control on the screen. Not going to travel with Qantas again.
  I have been a loyal EVA customer for many years. I have earned their Gold Status Infinity MileageLands. I needed to redeem my frequent flier points before the end of June. Thankfully they had extended the expiration date a few times because of COVID19. I decided to redeem the points and fly from Chiang Mai to Vancouver. After being frustrated with doing the online booking myself, the Taipei office loyalty kindly phoned me and walked me through the process and everything was perfect. Once in Vancouver I decided to make a trip over to Toronto and I needed to extend my EVA ticket. This time the Taipei and the Chiang Mai office worked together to make that possible for me. I am very grateful to the Taipei office along with Zee and his Chiang Mai office colleagues. Again, the onboard service offered by EVA just doesnt get any better. There are little things that make a difference. At the door, they check your name on the boarding pass and then greet you by name. Each time they speak to you afterwards they refer to you by name. The FA takes you to your seat. When they speak to you, they do not bend down but rather get down to your level and speak to you. When you use the lavatory, on the way out they ask you if there is anything that you need. This is really impeccable service. The food is wonderful along with the wines and cocktails. This excellent service is not a oneoff for me but rather what I have experienced before in business class from EVA. When I have had difficulty in the past, I have found that the loyalty department at Taipei is most helpful and I can say that same about the Chiang Mai office. I did note that I was not eligible for the free WiFi since I was on an award ticket. That is unfortunate because one receives the points to use an award from being a frequent flier. Again, my appreciate to the Taipei loyalty office and Zee and the Chiang Mai staff.
  Absolutely fabulous and thoughtful staff. Outstanding hospitality. I am very impressed with the customer service from China Southern Airlines staff, we flew from Melbourne to Guangzhou with Business class. My husband needs wheelchairs because of knee replacement, I was so struggling to grab all the luggages by myself.China Southern Airliness ground crew very considerate to help us push the wheelchairs and pass through the customs also helped us to pick up our luggage. Thank you very much to China Southern Airlines for bringing us back to our homes during the epidemic, and your miraculous service makes us always choose to travel with China Southern Airlines.
  Not worth the money paid. Business class service similar to that of a public tram. Flight attendants outright rude, havent seen this attitude even in Economy. No bed linen or turndown service, as different from EmiratesTurkish business class. Coffee machine not working, for which I havent received even an apology. Air Dhabi airport is a joke compared to Dubai, Istanbul or Singapore, not fit for a decent layover. Business lounges packed with crying babies and dirty pampers. Literally every sit packed, people playing videos and TikToks on high volume. Staff chit chatting all flight with each other instead of serving customers. Not once has anyone asked whether everything was fine or I needed anything. The chitchat was so loud I had trouble sleeping. I had to ask the staff to keep it quiet, a request that they completely ignored, all for the 3500€ ticket price! As if this wasnt enough, the epitome of the flight was at the end. The business class toilet was occupied for a long time, when the door opened, a flight attendant came out. I rushed in to brush my teeth and discovered a think air of electronic cigarette smoke you cannot confuse this smell with anything!. So apart from customer negligence, poor service and low value for the money, this airlines own employees are breaking the law and international flight regulations. 
Phoenix to Bakersfield with American Eagle. Very quick flight 1 hour and 10 minutes. It was on time departure and arrival. Planes are the smaller ones like 25 seats. I had a aisle seat. It was fine for economy and the size of the plane. Comfortable flight. Flight attendant gave a snack and beverage service. Nice to have a service from Bakersfield to Phoenix. Both ways the plane is plenty full.
LAXPPTLAX over Christmas and New Year. Both trips were redeyes. Outbound from LAX checkin was cheerful and set the tone for the journey. On the down side passengers are bussed to the aircraft and ATN staff lost complete control of the process resulting in a scrum to get on the busses. Onboard we passed on the meal offering and slept. The hot breakfast was welcome. Arrivals Hall was chaos and a 1 hour delay to get through Immigration awaited us. Returning the Departures Area is new spacious but very warm. Boarding went well as our seats were in Row 44 we made our way to the desk 10 minutes before boarding to avoid the chaos we experienced outbound at LAX. Once again pleasant and efficient crew. In summary our flights were good the only warning I would make is that in Economy the seat pitch is only 31 inches and on an 8 hour flight if you are over 6 ft tall this is not comfortable at all.
 Sao Paulo to Rome via Milan. I had no problem during the flight, but the after sales is terrible. I sent an email asking to transfer the miles to a Alitalias partner air company and since January I got no reply from them. I tried to call Brazilian branch but they said I should send an email to Alitalia and wait a reply. Now my time to request the miles has expired and I just lost it because Alitalia did not reply any of the emails.
  Return leg of my last review. The mentality stays the same. Youre getting what you pay for and nothing less. This leg was considerably less eventful than my last trip. I did not check a bag or have a carry on as they are quite pricey. Tweed was a small airport and I was in and through TSA in about an 10 minutes. There was no jet bridge at Tweed for this flight and we entered via airstairs. I have absolutely no issue with this but be advised. Plane boarded and departed on time. This was a former SWA 737 and had a better, more comfortable interior than my last flight. It wasnt particularly clean but no worse than my last AA or Spirit flight. Cabin crew greeting us when entering the plane but outside of that were nowhere really to be found. They did offer a small bottle of water on this leg about halfway through. If youre looking for an economical, no frills carrier this is a fairly good one. For the price I can return to where I used to live to visit family monthly if I wish. I will fly Avelo again.
 Camaguey, Cuba to Toronto, Canada. Never fly Sunwing, the worst airline in Canada and probably in the world. They treat customers worse than cattle. They will not take your luggage to your destination because they carry cargo, and have no space for customers bags. Of course you find out about it after arrival. Right now we are stuck in Camaguey, Cuba because those greedy crooks changed the departure time from 11.10 am to 18.10, added 2 extra hours for an unscheduled stop over, and on top of that the plane is late 3 hours. It may still be further delayed. Instead of arriving in Toronto at 14.10, right now it looks like we might arrive at 2.30 am at the earliest the next day. That is over 12 hours after the scheduled arrival. It is unbelievable that they can get away with it as it happens with them all the time.
  Nyaung U to Mandalay. Booked this flight a few months in advance and due to a change in their schedule, I was changed to another flight of them without any notice as I checked about two weeks in advance, however this flight was never going to reach Mandalay. Made contact with them in order to change me on a different flight and they just send me a mail to reconfirm my change. Mailed again and was finally placed on the correct flight. This took about three days to adjust. Early flight from Bagan to Mandalay which is just 78 miles far. Chaotic boarding by old bus, but welcomed to a very friendly cabin while the cabin was about 14 full from a previous flight with passengers that were going to continue with us to Mandalay. Choose a free seat no seats assigned to you. After the safety briefing, we quickly departed to Mandalay which was barely 25 minutes long. Barely any service provided by any cabin too short of a flight, but were served some candy. Landed ahead of time and bus to terminal, which took about 10 minutes for our luggage to arrive.
  LOT is the worst airline I have ever used in my life. They called me 2 days before the flight and forced me to reschedule it for a second time in two weeks. Suddenly they could not accommodate my paid dog and did not call me back despite my cooperation and giving them a choice of days to fly in and out. Representatives are not trained to the level where they understand questions and procedures or they do not know the companys rules. They cannot escalate any question to anybody who may solve the problem it is restricted by their rules. So, the person you are talking to every time is new with limited understanding and abilities to solve a problem. They do not keep logs of conversations with customers and cannot forward info to the upper management team. Customer support looks like it is a thirdworld company. I warn you not to use LOT!
  Very disappointed with the customer service of Air Transat. They cancelled our flight due to COVID19 and do not give us the full refund and only offer a voucher. According to Canadian Law, if the contract is frustrated, customers have the right to receive full refund, but the airline does not want to take this into consideration. Even though, my was from Orlando and US DOT require airlines to provide full refund due to the COVID19, they do not care to follow the requirement.
  No where near does this airline come to being called the pride of Africa, it has made us as Kenyans embarrassed. The flight itself delayed for over 4 hours with no valid explanation nor any compensations. No regrets no apologies. The cabin crew are probably the rudest youll ever come across as if they are doing you a favor. No courtesy and concerns for the three infants and 1 elderly I was traveling with on the contrary we were begging for the very basics and still not provided, like infant food! Inspire of prearranged meals non of my infants got the baby meals. The aircraft they are using is not for long distance international flights as the seats are extremely compact and zero legroom. We came out of the flight tired and exhausted as if we had been in war. Ground crew at both the airports equally the same and no sense of responsibility. Check in experience, 1.5 hours just to check in my family of 5 adults and 3 babies. How in the world can you explain this? Cabin smells stale from previous flight and nothing fresh. This is the worst airline Ive ever travelled in.
  Singapore to Vancouver via Xiamen. Note that my rating here is for XMNYVR, not considering SINXMN, and not taking into account the visa issues at XMN. If you are not a holder of one of the 53 countries passports that qualify for visa exemption by the Chinese government, then you need to apply for a visa before flying. XMN does not offer visa services at the airport. The main reason for the need of a visa is, XMN does not have a usual transit arrangement, which usually doesnt require you to go through immigration. At XMN, in order to transit, you have to go through immigration, which means you are entering China and then leaving China officially, just to transit between flights. This is why people transiting with passports that do not qualify for visa exemption have to apply for visa. If you are unsure, please make sure you email your local Xiamen Air representatives to check. Regarding SINXMN, it was below average. It was an older aircraft, without individual IFE system. The stewardesses were willing to help and respond to demands, but they were typically brisk and curt with their responses. Food was okay, not remarkable. XMNYVR was excellent. The economy seat was comfortable, and leg room was good. Food was excellent and more than sufficient. In fact, the stewardesses made rounds between meals to ask if people wanted snacks, like bread rolls, sandwiches, or peanuts. The stewardesses were very friendly and approachable, very willing to help the passengers. It is unfortunate that their command of the English language is below average, but if you speak Mandarin, then you are fine. All in, it was an excellent flight at a very cheap price. I think, if you are travelling on Xiamen Airs Boeing 787, then there is a good chance that your flight will be a very good one. But if you are travelling on Xiamen Airs older aircraft, then you may not get to experience the better side of the airline. Finally, there is no online checkin services for international flights for Xiamen Air. You can choose your seats only if you spend some money. Otherwise, you have to request for your seat at the counter at the airport. So, if you want to choose your seats, either pay for it, or go to the airport and check in early I went 2.5hr before flight to get the seats that you want.
  Pegasus is a budget airline, its main objective is to transport people at the lowest cost possible. They do so by removing unnecessary services, such as onboard meals and so on. No one expects luxury treatment when flying with Pegasus. The last time I flew with Pegasus my experience was beyond awful. During checkin, I asked an airline representative to check my carryon bag and put it in the luggage compartment instead of the cabin. Usually airlines dont charge you for this. Sometimes they even ask you to do it when the flight is full. Pegasus told me this wasnt allowed, but I could pay 50USD for extra baggage allowance and in that case they would be able to check my carryon. I agreed. Upon arrival to my final destination, I discovered that a few items were stolen. The total amount of damage was insignificant. I reported this incident to the airline, but they refused to compensate the damage, saying Pegasuss liability is limited and Pegasus accepts no responsibility for any liability over the applicable liability limits in accordance with legal regulations.
 Osaka to Manila with JetStar Japan. First, counter lady tells me I canceled our seat reservation. I objected and showed payment for the choice seats. After much insisting, she eventually relented and issued my seats. Next, she tells me my carry on luggage was too big. I argued that it was a standard size bag. She brings it to the steel frame to show it wouldnt fit. I followed and showed her that it could fit. She let us through with the warning it was up to the gate. When we got to the gate, she was there and she took out a tape measure and this time says the height didnt pass. After much arguing, I just agreed to have it checked in. Even if so many other passengers had same size bags that were allowed. Even the bag of the FA was same size. I dont understand why she wanted to be difficult.
  I was stupid enough to booked my ticket for todays flight from Algiers via Rome to Munich in business class with Alitalia. When I came to the check in counter I was forced to check in my carry on trolley because the combined weight of trolley and laptop bag was 17 kg more than the limit of 16 kg, because I carried quite a bit of work related paper. I asked for the station manager who came and insisted I must check this in, he did not accept my to carry my laptop or some papers separately. I always travel with my trolley and laptop bag and on long trips an additional suit bag as carry on basically all the world airlines who  other than Alitalia  understand that business travellers who pay for an expensive do not like to waste their time by waiting half an hour on checked baggage to arrive. Too bad that Alitalia does not like business travellers  I certainly draw the conclusion to book my flights with other airlines in the future!
 Shanghai to Singapore via Beijing with Air China. Ridiculous Airline. 1 Flight delayed. Technical issues. Lady at counter extremely unhelpful. I am risking my connection flight from Beijing. 2 My food options not updated so I will go hungry. 3 No checks for business vs economy class. 4 Made everyone wait for 40 minutes before opening boarding gates. Dont rely on the time they provide on the boarding pass. For 11.55 flight, they opened boarding gates at 10.50! 5. Unhygienic toilets. Not cleaned even after asking. 6 Soap missing from toilet.
  When i used the web portal of brussels airlines for purchase, i noticed that each time the web page was reloaded, the prices went up. Since the payment procedure each time got blocked issue with the backend server that brussels airline side, and the purchase procedure had to be restarted, the price of the particular flight i wanted to book went up from 223 Euro to 248 Euros. This looks like unacceptable sales practices to drive up the prices of the flight.
Fantastic Service. Booked from Australia for Joburg to Maun flight. Kept great communications for any changes and even transferred me on a SA flight no extra charge for my KasaneJoburg leg when I explained about connection time with my Qantas flight due to schedule changes without having to be asked and emailed me back a new booking. Great service nice snack on a short leg clean modern plane on time friendly ground staff. I hear things might have been different a few years back but certainly my experience was very good and would fly with them again.
  St Petersburg to Moscow. Efficient check in. Comfortable seats and a fairly decent snack sandwich. Certainly good value for money and spot on with departurelanding times. Would use again.
 I just had bad flight because there was no AC. No entertainment during 4 hours flight. Its wasnt like a full service airline. Also they moved gate suddenly in Bali and Manila. Overall 4 star based on my experience.
We travelled AUHSEZAUH April 2013. The flights were both excellent. On time comfortable and with enthusiastic cabin crew. Even addressed by name in economy class!
  Worst customer service at the boarding area, personnel on boarding gate are so rude, needs to be thought good manners, doesnt even ask nicely and demanding, from the person who demanded to check in the luggage, he said he is the supervisor. The one in the counter just threw the passport instead of handling it. The lady on the gate shouted to not to be in the way. No one is smiling.
  Adelaide to Sydney. This was my first time on a Boeing 717 and I was impressed. I am a large man and usually require a seat belt extension, however, on this plane the belt was long enough for me with a few cm to spare. We also managed to get an empty seat between us which made the flight even more comfortable. IFE was provided via a courtesy iPad with many channels to choose. The inflight snack was carrot sticks, crackers and dip. Seat pitch and width were acceptable for economy.
 The worst Ive ever experienced. Postponed flight multiple times, sent conflicting text messages, lost bags, no response on their customer support, 5 days and my bag is still lost. Not one human to be able to contact. Ive driven all the way back to the airport multiple times and still no one can help me find my bags. I wouldnt fly with them again.
Was sold a premium economy seat for the first leg of my journey Beijing to Moscow but when boarding noticed that I had been allocated an economy seat. After enquiring with one of the stewards was told that there are no premium economy seats on that flight.
  In 2007 Southwest served 64.9 million cans of soda, juices, and water 11.3 million alcoholic beverages 6.1 million bags of pretzels 103.8 million bags of peanuts 14 million snackpacks 32 million other snacks Just think how much money Southwest would save if they stopped offering all those free drinks but then the public would go crazy. Our beverage service has been canceled on probably 8 out of the last 10 flights I have been on. And no I dont fly the same place so its not likely due to a specific route. But  if you do the math  Southwest is lost a TON of money due to the Christmas Flight debacle last year. An average soda costs about $0.75  $1.00 for the airlines, once you factor in the cost of the drink itself they purchase cans, the cup, and the ice which isnt much. On average a flight has about 150 passengers  thats easily $112  $150 they can put in their pocket when they cancel beverage service  and thats assuming each passenger only has one drink. On a recent flight the one Im on as I write this  we were once again denied this freebie service in the name of supposed turbulence despite a relatively smooth flight. Ive heard others mention that the captain is the one who makes that decision, so I asked. When I asked about this, instead of simply answering my question, letting me know that the captain made the decision, etc. the flight attendant said something like let me find out. A few minutes later, the captain came on and explained why he felt it was important to cancel service  essentially providing an excuse for why they did this. When I asked for the captains name, so i could verify this with SWA customer service, I was met with another flight attendant who basically told me were not going to do that and refused to give me his name. He also threatened that they would divert the plane  although I was extremely calm and was seated in my seat, not yelling or anything. I guess I was talking loud enough for other passengers to hear  cant have more than one passenger figure out the little secret. Although I dont know what they are so worried about. Most of the passengers on the plane will never even tell their friend or a significant other about the experience, let alone do anything that could actually make a difference like report this on social media or via customer service. But still you dont have to hide and refuse to provide your name if you arent doing anything wrong. So this is all being done in the name of safety  lets go with that. 
I have spent much of the last eight years in South America and my Spanish is fluent. I went to Rio Negro airport, which serves Medellin, and requested an emergency row seat which reclines, in fluent Spanish. The rep said that she could not give me one because you speak very little Spanish and have a passport from another country. I was floored and finaly spoke with her for a few minutes whereupon she realized that she had probably misheard me. I speak Spanish as is heard in Bogota and not with a regional dialect. She quickly apologized and gave me a seat in the emergency row. Then onward to gate 5 for the 215 PM flight to Bogota. It appeared that our airplane, upon landing in Rio Negro, sustained a bird strike. It was up to the four young woman to tell more than 150 people a series of statements none of which matched. They admitted there was a bird strike and that we would have updated information. Everyone was hovering over the small desk where the four of them were. I heard four versions from translated an hour at the most we dont know there will be an update at 440 PM and I forget the last one. My point is that there was clearly no one who could handle any type of crowd control, nor work with three sets of passengers, ie those going to Bogota, those with transfers in Bogota for national destination c those with international connection in Bogota The woman who spoke the most told me to tell my friend at 3 PM and who had a 6 PM flight to Madrid with another airline to return to the desk at 4 PM. I told her that would not give him enough time . She stated again that he return at 4 PM. At 350 she asked that I tell my friend to come to the desk, ostensibly to send him on another flight. He missed his connection. I finally got on a very crowded LAN flight at 530 and noticed that LAN had wedged in even more seats than ever. I was happy to get on the flight but I dont plan on using LAN again. The woman sitting next to me said that she would be put up in a hotel she had a national destination with a change of planes in Bogota. She was offered no compensation. She stated that it had happened before but she wasnt really phased another passenger said that he was offered a hotel and seventy dollars. My point is that there doesnt seem to be anyone , or in this situation, anyone capable of dealing with a group of people, all of whom were getting more an more nervous, in an orderly way. Rather than swarm the desk, someone with experience could have sat people down in the large area at gate 5 and stated the same thing. There was a birdstrike, we dont make the decisions but will keep you informed as we are told what to do, and to perhaps segregate those traveling to other national destinations from Bogota in one area, international from Bogota in another area, and to Bogota in another area. There was plenty of room to do this. This would have prevented the constant swarming of the desk, the yelling, one of the four attendants was visibly upset, I spoke with her as she was put in an impossible situation, The tight seats were an indication of cost cutting. No water, no coffee, no nothing, but that could be because it was a full flight. I have seen LAN economy class go downhill, seat pitch become smaller and smaller. I asked if a supervisor would come and was told she is busy but is coming. Right. LAN should have had a professional deal.
 Worst company ever, dont fly on it ever, and if you unfortunately have to  dont ever use suitcases only small bags that you can carry. Worst customer service ever, incompetence at its best, I dont advise it to anyone not even to my worst enemy. TRASH is too good to define this companyservice.
 Horrible flight from Orlando to Ft Lauderdale NO AIR CONDITIONING. Once airborne the inside cabin rose to 90 degrees. People were sweating in their seats. The flight crew gave out room temperature water. Upon landing, they opened the back doors and left everyone standing and waiting 1520 min while they took off the luggage from back of plane. The temperature rose to over 100 degrees, children were crying, elderly ladies were feeling faint, we put water on them and were fanning them with the emergency brochures. When we repeatedly asked if we could deplane first as people were getting sick  they said noand the baggage people continued unloading at a slow pace. WHATS WORSE They loaded up the plane with people moments after we got off for the next flight. And they would experience the same horrible flight. This is so disappointing in so many ways. NEVER FLY SILVER AIRWAYS!!
MANTUN in May 2012. Plenty of leg room and the food was excellent. Staff were pleasant enough bearing in mind they have a plane full of passengers to attend to so you cant expect devoted service. Only down side I found was that there was no choice of drinks. If you wanted a beer you asked for it and were given a can. Dont know if wine or spirits were available. Would use again. It certainly made a change from the charters and price we paid was very competitive indeed. On the return flight from Enfidha we were given exit seats which allowed us to stretch our legs and the food again was excellent.
  Paris to Manila via Kuwait. My story is not common but will prove the incompetence of this company. In early January, I wrote a message about Whatsapp to the airline, wanting information on the cancellation conditions because I was not sure I could honor my flight. The person who answered me was very responsive, told me that I had until 24 hours before my flight to cancel, that I would have 200 euros penalty, etc. The message ended on the fact that if I wanted to cancel my ticket, I had to send an email. Very clear. On January 26th, I went to the checkin counter at Roissy Airport to go to Manila in the Philippines. To my surprise, I learned that my ticket had been canceled due to this Whatsapp conversation. Namely that I have not received any notification by mail, or even by message of any cancellation. I transferred the conversation to the ground manager, who contacted them because he did not understand why such a decision, especially that on the messages, I had no mention of any cancellation. The manager at the airport of Paris CDG, despite having seen that I suffered the incompetence of the company for which he works, asked me to contact them. Of course I did not get any answer. He took my file very lightly. It works at the head of the customer from what I understood on the spot, he had the power to press a button and resolve the situation to let me ship but he did nothing. Good it was that my head did not pass! He told me that the staff on the other side of the phone did not find the person responsible for this error so I had a refusal to board and that the flight was complete. My friend was there, there were free places So I suffered the incompetence of their staff. By their fault, I had to buy a plane ticket one way Paris  Manila to  570 € with another company to join my friend who had to leave without me. I sent emails to the company Kuwait, I received after 10 days a file number.  FR Mon histoire nest pas commune mais vous prouvera de lincomptence de cette compagnie. Dbut janvier, jai crit un message sur Whatsapp  la compagnie arienne, voulant des renseignements sur les conditions dannulation car je ntais pas certaine de pouvoir honorer mon vol. La personne qui ma rpondu a t trs ractive, ma dit que javais jusqu 24h avant mon vol pour annuler, que jaurais 200 euros de pnalit, etc. Le message sest termin sur le fait que si je voulais annuler mon ticket, je devais envoyer un mail. Trs clair. Le 26 janvier, je me suis prsente au guichet denregistrement  laroport de Roissy pour me rendre  Manille aux Philippines.  ma grande surprise, jai appris que mon ticket avait t annul suite  cette conversation Whatsapp.  savoir que je nai reu aucune notification par mail, ni mme par message dune quelconque annulation. Jai transfr la conversation au responsable au sol, qui les a contact car il na pas compris pourquoi une telle dcision, surtout que sur les messages, je nai eu aucune mention dune quelconque annulation. Le responsable  laroport de Paris CDG, malgr quil a vu que je subissais lincomptence de la compagnie pour laquelle il travaille ma demand de les contacter. Bien videmment je nai obtenu aucune rponse. Il a prit mon dossier trs  la lgre. Il fonctionne  la tte du client daprs ce que jai compris sur place, quil avait le pouvoir dappuyer sur un bouton et de rgler la situation pour me laisser embarquer mais il na rien fait. Bon cest que ma tte ne passait pas ! Il ma dit que le personnel de lautre ct du tlphone ne trouvait pas le responsable de cette erreur donc javais un refus dembarquer et que de plus le vol tait complet.  Mon ami y tait, il y avait des places de libres  Jai donc subit lincomptence de leur personnel. Par leur faute, jai du racheter un billet davion aller simple Paris  Manille a  570€ avec une autre compagnie afin de rejoindre mon ami qui a du partir sans moi. Jai envoy des mails  la compagnie Kuwait, jai reu aprs 10 jours un numro de dossier.
  I see JetBlue is turning into Spirit Airlines. I purchased a ticket thats cost met $187 that turned into travel credits after I canceled my trip. Now I am trying to rebook my trip but I am told I only can use my credit for the ticket and not for the extra bag or seat, while I still have extra credit balance available. They wont return my money to my credit card and they wont allow me to use it to pay my extra luggage. This sounds like cheap low level type of service just as Spirit Airlines. Instead of correcting or becoming better I can see a duplicate of a spirit airlines. 
Service between Lusaka and Lilongwe was superb. While it was a short flight, the meal service, snack was a pleasant surprise. Cabin was impeccable. There was a short delay due to weather.
  Lome to Accra. Reported lost baggage since July 31. No response till now. Several reminders have not proven any result. Connected with Asky Airlines thru United Airlines at Boston and Ethiopian Airlines at Newark, USA b4 taking Askty at Lome,Togo. This is bad customer service. I wont recommend this airline to anybody.
  Worst airline experience ever. The most unprofessionally run, amateur outfit I have encountered after 3 million miles flown and 70 countries. Will never fly this airline again. A true embarrassment to the industry.
  Had two nice flights today. Needed to get from Bucharest to Stansted. Was much cheaper to do this trip via Istanbul than any direct flight. I also has 5 hours to see Istanbul. So seemed to be nice aircraft. Modern trim. Comfortable seats. I had 3 seats to myself on both flights. Nice friendly staff with a smile. Nice food at reasonable prices. All on time except we had to hold for 15 minutes at Stansted. Dont normally review anything but thought this airline had some bad reviews so maybe they have improved.
  We bought ticket for Cebu to Coron for 18th. In bohol government said for a lock down to Manila. We went to Panglao airport to change our ticket for Panglao to Manla. But your staff sad its impossible because flight will be cancel, it will be refund but it hasnt. I want my full refund.n Pangloa they sad 15th will be flight to Manila and we bought ticket for 15th. It was open on your web site too!you cancelled it on 15th morning! If your flight will be cancel why your staff said will be flight and you didnt cancel it 14th! We went to Cebu with ferry and looked there and missed our flight to stanbul. Your staff said CebuCoron flight will continue, but it cancelled too. That flight cancelled too and we want our money!
EDIZRH. Impressed and would recommend Checkin was quick and efficient by Servisair at EDI. Aircraft was an Embraer 145 and has a 12 seating arrangement. The fight was lightlyloaded at around 20 Pax out of a possible 49. Boarding was so so Servisair  EDI appear to have a bad habit of gathering passengers and have them wait outside in the cold! until the flight crew are ready to receive them. I have encountered this situation before at EDI on other carriers flights. The flight departed early and a light snack was serviced on board by the cheerful cabin crew member. The Captain provided plenty of inflight information and arrival at ZRH was around 20 minutes early. I would travel with bmir again. I have travelled with them before when they were a Star Alliance member. This is the only negative for me  the present lack of an airline alliance under the new ownersmanagement. I hope they are working on this issue.
SZBSIN return. Considering the promotional fares the convenience of Subang Airport as well as the impeccable service for a 70 minutes flight light snack Firefly is an excellent option.
  Cairns to Alice Springs. Actually a pleasant experience. In many ways superior to Sydney to Melbourne business class on mainline. We bought emergency exit seats for a minimal fee and were very comfortable. The attendants were warm and efficient serving a small but tasty breakfast sandwich and a drink. The 2 hour plus flight was on time and well done. Bags came quickly and we were on our way.
Luxor via Sharm to Manchester on A320 after Monarch refused to let me and my 8 year old daughter board with Kiss Flights tickets. There were 13 of us stranded at Luxor and about 70 more in Sharm so we only half filled the plane. The crew was friendly professional and sympathetic to the fact we had been delayed for a further 4 hours. Whilst the plane was obviously quite new the seats were refurb in my opinion but we had plenty of leg room a very pleasant but simple dinner  no alcohol on board  but drinks free with our meal unlike Monarch who only give coffee free. As soon as we had eaten and duty free had been up and down the lights were dimmed as it was very late. Air Memphis may be budget domestic flights but their international flight for me and my companions on board I thinks was excellent.
Recent trip from Zurich to Tampa. Checkin personnel fast and friendly the stewardesses were delightful with smiles. The airplane was new I had my own personal entertainment system. Great food and plenty of it. The plane took off on time. Plenty of seat space in economy. I paid less than I would have paid for the same trip with the airlines I usually booked with!
 Even older plane than on the way out, still not lie flat bed. Staff good, provided sandwich and drink very fast. Lounge at Almaty poor, no alcohol for Asiana.
  We have used Thomas Cook Airlines on two occasions  both to visit Orlando and both with a long delay on the return journey. It took 12 years to have the confidence to use them again after a 24 plus hour delay  3 small children 16 years in age left in a hotel more suited to business travellers wasnt ideal. Sadly, they failed to offer a satisfactory service this year too  a 5.5 hour delay, without the provision of food and drink we were entitled to. Put a claim in and guess what  it was due to congestion, which was out of their control! I wont give them another chance.
 Sydney to Bali. Worst experience ever. I had a very unpleasant situation with Malindo Air. I bought tickets to Bali, however about a 6 weeks before my travel I found out that I may not be able to travel these dates so I contacted the customer service to find out if its possible to return those tickets and how much I could get back. They told me to fill the request form and wait for the answer. Thats what I did. I was waiting patiently and as I was not receiving any answer in the meantime I was doing my best to be able to travel on the planned days. Then just a week before my travel, when I was ready to go I received a refund which was $150 out of $600 I paid. No email, no message, just a bank transfer. I contacted them again saying Id like to get either my tickets or the money back as it is all some kind of misunderstanding. Malindo replied that my tickets were bought under promotional offer and they are unreturnable so all I can get back is tax thad I had paid. Well, the point is that my tickets werent super saver but value. I had bought them through official website plus I had purchased extra luggage so I dont understand how come my tickets became promotional and nonrefundable. At some point, they just started ignoring my emails. How professional is that? I am not happy the way they dealt with this situation. Im truly offended by the way the company treated me. All customers should matter, not only those who dont have any complications. Thats the first time that a professional company made me feel offended. Ill definitely never use Malindo Air again and none of the people I know will either.
 Flight departed and landed as scheduled, boarding was efficient. The aircraft operated from Sofia Wizz airbase. Cabin crew limited the communication to security matters only. Food and drink for sale as usual, no entertainment and no charging facilities. I would suggest the cabin crew smile more.
DMEKHVDME Premium economy class. Quite old but still in good shape exGulf Air Boeing 767300. Relatively cheap perfect schedule for business trips cabin crew spoke good English and were efficient in service and dealing with disgruntled and drunk passengers. 2 regular meals and beverages Vodka cognac wine free of charge. IFE virtually none existent except for individual multimedia players for rent 600RUR per flight with a selection of 15 quite new releases  music and games. On direct flight they turned on general cabin video system with OHP showing the flight info. Builtin audio entertainment system worked ok on both flights. If you want a pillow  be sure to come to a flight attendant and ask it secretly. Same with blankets  the number of blankets on board isnt sufficient and roughly only 4050 of passengers got them. Nice budget airline for domestic flights in Russia. When choosing it do not expect Singapore Airlines like service.
  Zurich to Ho Chi Minh. We paid 149 CHF to Upgrade to economy max each way. Thoroughly worth it, had 4 seats each on the way out, and 2 seats each on the return. Even without this bonus it wouldve been worth the money as the extra legroom and recline was nice. I found the food to be acceptable both ways, especially the fresh bread. I disagree with a previous contributor as I thought the selection of films was good, much better than recent trips on Virgin Atlantic and Thai  recommended.
  Thessaloniki to Birmingham. I had the worst customer experience with TUI services. I made the mistake to book a flight with them and they do not offer a check in online service they advertise they do but their app, web page, customer support service is completely useless. I tried several times to contact them and complete my check in but no one was willing to help or even explain. Finally I arrived at the airport approximately 2 hours before my flight but I was not allowed to check in, although I didnt have any check in bags and my flight was delayed. As I result I missed my flight and I faced rudeness and sarcasm from TUI staff. Dont waste money or time to them.
  Hanoi to Shenzhen. This is the worst Asian airline that I have ever flown with. The checkin personnel had almost no English skills. I was charged 75 USD for three kilograms of excess baggage and charged the same amount a second time as I transferred from Shenzhen to Hanoi. No apology or explanation was offered about why I needed to check my baggage out and then in again between the two legs of the journey, even though it was the same airline. We sat on the ground and listened to repetitious safety announcements made by a recording of a pathetic English translator. The scrap of food that was offered was abominable a cold hot dog on a white bun smothered with ketchup. I would never fly with them again.
 Travelling with my 83 Years Semi disabled Mother, Booked tickets 2 months in advance  requested disabled person to aircraft assistance. Ist  Rize Flight Checked in two hours prior to departure, Headed to the special assistance desk to be told that they had a long line of waiting which if we were to wait, we would miss our flight, The supervisor suggested for us to walk through security and catch the buggy service which was easily available, Even though this was very painful task for my older Mother, we did as we were advised only to be told at the buggy company desk which was far further from the security that their service was chargeable as they are a private company! We had no choice but to pay the EURO 10.00 to get to the gate ONLY NOT to the aircraft as we requested  booked two months ago! Rize  IST flight Checked in at the business class separate lounge, I told the hopeless only agent that we booked the special assistance and needed the car lift to up to the aircraft as Mum cannot walk the stairs as the airport has no air bridge at all, She replied confirming that all was in order, When we tried to board, We were told by the SAME agent that she could not get the car lift and that we had to walk up the stairs, I asked for her manger to attend, He told me that I did not request the assistance, I had to show him the original confirmation email, then we got the car lift to the aircraft. Arrived IST, Wheelchair agent was waiting for us as we disembarked HOORAY, the agent assisted us through the jet bridge  left us by the seats at the gate claiming that another agent meant to assist us the very long way to the baggage hall  Guess what NO ONE showed up for 40 minutes and no one was available to assist! Be warned Turkish Airlines do not provide disabled assistance even if booked and their staff are liars.
  Copenhagen to Brussels. This is more of a goodbye review than a review of one specific flight. Having lived abroad different places over the last fifteen years I have always stayed loyal to the local airlines to benefit from their loyalty programs and hopefully also get something back from the airline  as a thank you for always choosing them. I do not have a specifically high income, but I do have to travel a decent amount of time. That means I always travel economy, except from when I upgrade with miles I have earned. I was a member of SAS for many years, followed by a four year spell in London where I only flew British Airways. During those years experiences nice surprises like a little upgrade every once in a while. I would say at least twice a year based on 3040 flights! On Brussels airlines I have experienced 0 upgrades in five years. I have qualified as frequent flyer every year I have lived in Brussels, which means Ive always had 30 flights. I am grateful for the lounge access I have been given in Brussels. But apart from that, all the time I have been living in Brussels I have not felt like I have been given the personal experiences, or dealt as appreciated as I felt when being a member of SAS and BA. I Am still living in Brussels, but decided a while ago to change all my Coming flights back to SAS as Ive had it with extremely poor service from Brussels Airlines on a general basis. Rude staff, poor service, nothing back to loyal customers. I have it a patient try, but Im looking forward to SAS which provides their plus program extremely cheap compared to Brussels business service, more miles, frequent free upgrades and better service in general. This last flight was the perfect reminder of the choice I have already done. Both legs to and from Copenhagen provided extremely poor service. No more food on flex and fast, and forced to check in my soft luggage with my laptop due to a full flight. The airlines can thank themselves for this policy..
I took two elderly ladies one of 80 to Cape Town Airport flying to Lanseria. They had two suitcases and two bags. Firstly told they were only allowed one piece of luggage each and were expected to pay R350 for the other 2 bags. I asked if there was assistance or a shuttle to the plane and was told no. They were not assisted with lifting heavy suitcases and had to walk with these heavy bags. Half way to the departure lounge the one lady was unable to walk any further and had to order a wheelchair which she waited ages for. Their seats were changed they were assisted both of them now in wheelchairs. I was disappointed in the lack of care and compassion shown by staff.
  We, a family of four travelled to India in Dec 2022 and returned back in Jan 2023. On our departure from Auckland to Kuala Lumpur, the flight was delayed a few times and finally took off 12 hours after the original scheduled time and we missed our second connecting flight to India. So, we had to wait another 12 hours in KL to catch the next possible connecting flight. From KL to Bangalore, the airline staff refused to take one of our cabin bags into the flight saying our bag is too big for the cabin but later I came to know that our bag was not the problem but that there was not enough space inside the cabin. Our luggage had also not arrived with us when we landed and was supposedly lost in Malaysia. They also refused to let a few other passengers bags carry their carry on luggage into the plane as well. Staff should have admitted the problem with passengers rather than blaming the customers on perfectly acceptable cabin luggage. On our return trip flight from KL to AuckIand, our families seats were spread out into separate rows which made the trip uncomfortable as the people next to us hadnt selected the seats next to us but were also placed randomly. I had emailed and also spoken to MH customer service over the phone and requested them sort this out well in advance prior to our flight but they did not do anything. Airline food was average. We had a bad travelling experience with MH.
 This was the worst flight experience I have ever had. First, they charged $120 to choose a seat. I understand theres a charge in general for this, but that seemed excessive, but let that pass. What I will not let pass is the fact that Norse charged 59 euros for the pleasure of stowing my carryon bag over my seat! I have never had to pay to use the compartment above my seat before. Then, I learned that one had to preorder at cost, of course 24 hours ahead of time for a meal. I received no email from Norse about this ahead of time and only discovered this once I got to the gate  so I had nothing to eat for the entire flight. On top of that, in order to use the inflight entertainment, they charged 6.50 euros for headphones I couldnt just use my own earbuds, because they wouldnt work. They even charged for water! Virtually nothing was complimentary. Ive never encountered such a moneygrubbing enterprise in an airline before. And the flight staff was rude on top of it. I will never fly Norse again, and I will make sure to relay my experiences to others so that they are not subjected to this ripoff airline and its nasty staff.
  I went to Jamaica for a week on vacation, and I have no complaints regarding Caribbean airlines. Not the best airline on the planet but theyre definitely by far not the worst  they are reasonable and if youre willing to spend a bit more, than business class definitely is substantially more comfortable. The only drawback that I can think of, but that isnt their fault, is the fact that on the return trip I had to make four stops in four different countries.
  Rome to Liverpool. I was very pleasantly surprised by the far from low cost experience. Very clean aircraft. Good Legroom. Friendly staff. Entertainment playing on the screens. Complimentary sandwich, which was very good and soft drinks too. Overall it was an extremely pleasant experience and one that actually bettered the soft product of British Airways as youll pay extra for food and drinks on shorthaul and wont get any entertainment. Only negative I can think of is the airlines website, which doesnt do them any favours. 
Loved this airline except for one problem. They changed our return flight from Auckland so we had to layover for the night. We did not appreciate this change. It cost us a lot more money to stay in a hotel for one night in Tahiti. It made the trip much longer. The flight to Tahiti didnt get in until 9.45 pm and customs took forever. Then we had to be back to the airport by 6 am. If they had to make this change they could have at least left earlier so we wouldnt have had such a long night.
  Unfriendly and indifferent attitude of the flight crew from Frankfurt to San Francisco in August 2022. The service provided is the worst. I was 5 months pregnant on the flight with my 2 children and husband. The flight attendants serving business class were not happy, it was obvious that they were very annoyed by passengers with children, although children behaved quietly and did not disturb anyone. But the worst thing was that we were last served and there was no food main courses that children can eat which is not spicy there were 3 main courses, of which 2 ended before us and we had no choice what to eat. This is the worst and most unfriendly business class I have ever encountered
  We were supposed to fly from Corfu, to Paris Orly airport and catch a connection from Paris Orly to Biarritz. We had two hours for the connection in Paris, which was tight since we had to retrieve our luggage and register them again. This was very clear from the beginning when I bought the tickets, so no question about it. Because of chaotic conditions in Corfu widely understaffed for the first big summer vacation week end since Covid, we departed 2 hours late. The captain was good at communicating about the situation. I inquired with the cabin crew about my very short connection. Since I purchased the extra insurance to cover any travel interruption  he told me that their mission was to take us and our luggage to the final destination. As we were flying over Italy, the captain was able to communicate with the ground crew in Paris about our situation, the cabin crew checked our boarding pass for next flight, asked me about the color, size and brand of our luggage. We deboarded the plane and waited  outside the plane door as the cleaning crew was inside. Ground crew personally confirmed our luggage has been identified and was staying inside the plane. We then started boarding again with the new flight crew. So despite all the negative feedback that can be posted about low cost airlines, I am sending my kudos to Transavia with a stellar rating.
Vancouver to Shenyang on May 21 and back on May 28. Got off to a bad start  10 hour delay! None of the information boards were updated in Vancouver. I checked at 7.45 am before heading off to YVR with the indicators having the incoming aircraft on time even though it had not then left Shenyang! Hotel accommodation and meals provided as the 11.30am take off time became 9.45pm. Flight was good. Business Class seats were comfortable with easy access to all power outlets. I slept all the way. Checkin at Shenyang was chaos no signs and airport representatives gave inconsistent advice. Eventually checked in and headed off to immigration only to have the staff member chase after me tell me to stop leap onto the luggage conveyor return minutes later with my once checked bag and lead me off to another checkin desk devoid of staff. At 12.30 take off was 2.30 staff appeared and began checking us in. Only after they had spent a full 15 minutes checking in the first passenger in line did the indicator boards confirm this was the Sichuan Airlines checkin! Passengers should be warned that check in opens only 2 hours before take off. Flight itself had excellent staff poor inflight entertainment a good dinner a bad breakfast and an ontime arrival. First bags took 20 minutes to arrive but they were the priority bags at least. Direct service from YVR to Shenyang is a godsend for those of us bound for north eastern parts of China but Sichuan will need to increase its frequency upgrade its processes internationalize its inflight entertainment and improve its food before people will readily defect from Star Alliance and Sky Team airlines. The equipment and inflight staff are fine.
  Horrible service, Delayed 5 hours without anybody to contact. No compensation, no foods or drinks. We just had to wait and ask for info. Staf can barely speak English and they are scrolling on their Instagram while talking to you. Try to avoid this company at all costs.
Singapore to Tioman Island. We found the check in staff very welcoming friendly and helpful The flight in the dash7 was what real flying is all about. Again the crew were very friendly.
  This airline drives me insane! I often travel at short notice and take my small dog. When booked through an agent online there is no facility to book and pay for my dog. I call and when I manage to finally speak to someone I have missed the 48 hours notice for pet in cabin which agents do not specify on their sites. Long story short they dont reply quickly to emails nor calls so now I have to take pot luck and take my dog to the airport with me and chance it that can pay and board the flight with him. If I cant I have to return without taking my flight, unhelpful responses and wont be booking with Germania again.
  Durban to Johannesburg. As a low cost airline, in FlySafair you get what you pay for. No inflight entertainment, any beverage you want you have to pay, seats that dont recline. No USB plug to charge your phone. The really good thing is that the service was really fast. Fast boarding, fast disembarking and you got your checked baggage fast.
CUNHAV. We flew both legs of our journey on a newish Tu204 which is similar to the 757. To be truthful I was disappointed that the flights werent on the Yak42D. The Tu204 was modern and comfortable although the seats were a bit hard. Flight staff were friendly and attentive enough certainly on par with their US counterparts which probably isnt saying much. The only downside was that both flights took off about an hour late.
  Absolute excuse for an airline. No customer service and the most horrendous attitude of all.  My boyfriend had a serious medical condition and I wanted to change the date of flight. Because I missed 72hrs window literally 10 mins left for the window to be closed it kicked me out of the website and no matter how many times I called and asked no one got back to me because it was a weekend. This terrible airline tricks you with cheap tickets and youre stuck with absolutely no options. They even wanted to charge us for personal item!
  I booked a flight to Bangkok spontaneously the next day and only learned later that its impossible to apply for the Thailand pass on such short notice.  The person from the Thai airways ticketing center did not mention this. When I arrived at the airport the next day my Thailand pass was still under review and the counter staff did not let me board the flight. She told me to wait and rebook the flight later if the pass is not approved in time. I waited at the counter and when the flight had left, the same person told me to call the ticketing hotline and rebook the flight. When I explained the situation to the ticketing center, they told me I have to pay an additional 220USD noshow penalty for missing my flight which the counter staff hasnt mentioned to me. The whole trip was very chaotic based on this lack of information and Ill avoid this airline in the future.
  Flew Air Berlin to Vienna for a short business trip they are the only option from Linate airport and for me it is much better than flying Austrian from Malpensa since I can save half an hour drive to get to MXP. Bought my ticket in December and paid about EUR 180,00 including one checked bag and seat selection. Both flights were perfectly on time, checkin was a breeze, the young cabin crew was polite and professional and and planes clean and modern. More than enough to be satisfied and to declare that I will surely fly them again for short haul flights inside Europe.
  I had flights from Manila to Bangkok and when travel bans for COVID19 were release. I decided to call them and get a refund as per their policy, I was informed that my flight was cancelled by someone without my knowledge and the remaining fund were put into a Travel Fund which was less than half of what I paid them and I will never use. Worst of all they cant even guarantee that this person will not be able to make a flight booking with the remainder of the travel fund thereby stealing my cash, honestly dont think their call centre agents even understand what the issue was here, its very said that their business is run in such an unethical way, I didnt even get a chance to fly with them. Safe travels.
  Mumbai to Paris. Excellent and clean Aircraft A340. Awesome Cabin service and cabin crew. Amazing food and drinks. Clean and comfortable business class seats, even though they are not lie flat, but comfortable sleep at an angle. The highlight is excellent on board crew, who took care of guests in an excellent manner. Excellent AudioVideo system, clean and neat restrooms. I would like to say, the most affordable business class product for a very quality product. Would recommend all the way.
  Had to pay 178 USD for my and my sons carry on luggage at the airport. This Airline drags you in with interesting ticket prices and then they make you pay for it. So finally not a cheap airline at all. Never knew there where airlines that make you pay for travel light carry on luggage. Add to that the absence of any comfort it is by far the worst airline experience. Dont go there!
  We were told that we had to book the suitcases and seats with the flight operator Air Europa. So I went to their website to book the seats and suitcases. After a ridiculously high amount of money I booked and paid everything. Later it turned out that this reservation had not been made and that I did not book anything. Called several times, but all to no avail. The service is extremely hard to reach. You get put on hold and just hang there for an hour with no answer. Lost my money, i have no suitcases and no seats.  They do not return my money nor give me me seats and luggage.
  Windhoek to Jahannesburg. Excellent service, food excellent, great crew, comfortable seats and certainly a step above SAA. I travel 10 times a year to Namibia, and unfortunately Im driven by frequent flyer programme loyalty, but as the said carrier continues to shrink its network, its going to be air Namibia for my future trips
  Heho to Yangon. Another very good flight same ATR aircraft, no seat numbers given but all very easy boarding. Plenty of space, 22 seating and inflight snacks given with coffee or Tea. One member of crew not happy but not the end of the world. At 64 I had no problem with the seat space in fact better than many European airlines.
ParisLAX The plane was immaculate staff friendly and food was fabulous! We were given a menu two hot meals and snacks during the flight. If we needed something else we were able to go to the galley and ask for ice cream or drinks at no charge. It was a long flight from Paris to LA but it was very comfortable and didnt feel like 12 hours because of the service.
  I would like to share our recent experience with JetStar airlines and advise you to reconsider traveling with them, especially if you are traveling with young children. Our flight was delayed in Phuket for 40 hours with 6 time changes, which caused a lot of inconvenience and frustration. We were removed from the plane at 1130 pm and were taken to a hotel provided by JetStar. We had a 5monthold baby with us, but unfortunately when we arrived around 130am, the hotel did not have any safe sleeping conditions for our child, including a cot. Despite repeated requests, we were denied any proper sleeping arrangements for our child, which made our situation even more difficult. We were unable to book another hotel as we were told that our flight would be delayed for only 8 hours, which kept getting pushed due to issues that were entirely in JetStars control. Moreover, we found that the information provided on the JetStar website or at the airport was entirely contradictory to the information we received when we spoke to someone online. This caused even more confusion and frustration during our long and tiring ordeal. We strongly advise parents against traveling with JetStar, especially if you are traveling with young children. Our experience was nothing short of a nightmare, and we would not want any other family to go through the same ordeal.
  Absolutely horrible service, cabin crew doesnt speak English, they are rude and not friendly especially if you ask them to speak in English. Very uncomfortable seats, dirty cabin, average food and no wifi at all, not even an option to pay for it, it doesnt exist! When I asked if my connected flight was waiting because the original flight was delayed, they were rude and not helpful at all! Entertainment below average, earphones that are not working, usb plug cant be used to charge your phone, no power coming out of it. Blankets and pillows smell bad and dont look clean at all even though they were packed in a bag. Absolutely horrible! I would never use their services again!
  LATAM has been absolutely terrible in every way, we flew from Vancouver BC Canada to Puerto Vallarta and missed our flight due to a cancellation in Mexico city, LATAM cancelled our flight to Santiago Chile on Dec 21 and not a soul in the airport working at LATAM, we had to stay in Mexico city at our own cost in a hotel until they got us a connecting flight on the 24 of Dec. Our return trip from Santiago Chile was no different. We arrived at Mexico city airport to find out our connecting flight to YVR Vancouver had been cancelled, and yet again not one person working for LATAM in the airport was available to help us. Aeromexico was able to book us a flight home to Vancouver BC. LATAM has done nothing to help us besides cost us money in hotel stays, food and phone calls to LATAM trying to get some help. Absolute nightmare. I strongly suggest not flying with LATAM as they have caused my wife and I nothing but problems.
We flew on April 7 and 14 back and forth to Papeete. While the airline staff were friendly and helpful sadly we had an older plane that was not clean and the seats were extremely uncomfortable for our overnight flights. A standard roller bag carry on will not fit in the overhead compartment wheels first and had to be placed sideways. They dont really weigh your carry on at check in but the weight amount of 22 lbs is generous. They didnt weigh or even notice our backpacks. The tray tables were dirty the bathrooms were not kept up during flight and the seatsfloor were stained throughout the cabin. I brought Clorox wipes after reading prior reviews to clean off our seating area and felt better after doing so. The amenities were nice such as the overnight flight kit pillows and blankets which were a pleasant feature. The food was not very good at all cold and soggy. The best bet is to bring something such as a Powerbar if you are a picky eater. The movies on the plane were of a good selection but when flying overnight you dont have much time to watch a movie if you are trying to rest. The flight was bumpy both ways but the pilot was considerate in not keeping the seat belt light on for an overextended period of time. My suggestion is to ask at check in if there are two seats together to transfer to if you are stuck in the row of four you will be much more comfortable. Row 43 a row of 4 in the back has in seat tray tables so you cant lift the armrest if traveling with a companion and this is not noted anywhere even on Seat Guru. The airport in Papeete is under construction and it took over 2.5 hours for the two planes that arrived at the same time to clear passport control which made us miss the ferry to Moorea. In conclusion if flying to Tahiti again I would try to find a different airline when booking but would likely fly this one again if I had too as the destination is paradise.
ATHCHQ return. Nice new aircraft in both directions ATR72 and A320 with leather seats and good seat pitch. Checkin fast in Athens onboard service was great and surprised to get a meal on short flight. The only annoying thing  we checked in an hour and 45 minutes ahead in Chania a bit early I know and the staff were present but made all of us wait another 20 minutes until they opened the counter. Other than that we had a good experience with Olympic.
  This is the worst airline, they will cancel your flight with zero notice because their flights are not full and then they make an excuse that the airport you are flying to is closed or immigration will be closed when you get there. They will not refund your money under any circumstance and will say the flight was cancelled and it was your fault that you did not board the plane.
First time on the early service HBAMEL since the change from a jet to a Dash8 Q400. It was about half an hour slower but otherwise was fine. Staff friendly and the food pack edible. Dont agree with what used to be the busiest Qantas flight out of Hobart being downgraded to a turboprop.
  Very good flight. New clean Aircraft. Could chose an exit seat 48hours before departure free of charge. In economy a hot meal is included so its flying like 20 years ago. Wwould recommend to fly if going to Azores.
  Incheon to New York. I am a delta platinum medalion member so I am getting sky team elite plus status when I fly any skyteam. But quite a few Korean air staff are not aware of this. when I check in Im eligible to use their business class counter but staff didnt know so I had to explain about this. Once they led me to morning calm counter which belongs to their own membership system and Im not really morning calm member or anything. Yesterday when I was checking in, I knew I can check in three bags after checking allowance for sky team elite plus but they said I can check in only two bags then  when I ask them to double check they said Im able to do so. It was very bothering experience every time I had to explain about their own  system? They even promote their strong alliance with Delta airline everywhere. 
  We had a flight AI127 from New Delhi to Chicago on June 2023. I was accompanied with my 5 year old daughter. My daughter was super excited to go to USA and she said I will watch TV and play games to kill the time since she is not comfortable with long travel. Our seat number was good. To our shock, the seat was completely broken, no headphones were working, the touch was off and the button to adjust the seat was also broken. So, just imagine how does it feel when you are told that you have to sit in upright position for next 14 hours. I am taking Air India off my list now, never ever travelling back in Air India again. We complained to the Air Hostess, she said, Yeah cant help it, I will reboot the system, there might be some technical glitch or let me find some other seat for you but she did not do anything. I felt like jumping off the flight, my daughter was crying for the screen to play some games but I was so helpless. Air hostess doesnt have a smiley face, they were in a angry face and we couldnt feel to ask anything if we need.
 Bali to Sydney. Staff do the minimum to assist, guests are refused even water unless they pay. We flew with Malindo to Bali and return to Australia and they ran out of water on both legs, myself and partner purchased water for passengers who had no cash including a family with 2 little children. I get that it is a business, but refusing a cup of water unless they pay is disgraceful and cruel on a 6hour flight.
  Arrogant customer service staff. I was not informed by Malaysia airline that my flight was delayed from 930am to 230pm! When I realised the delay at the airport self check in counter I went to a counter and the lady raised her voice with frustration and repeated, You want info is it? I told her yes I need info on my flight. She just simply told me off that this is not info counter and asked me to head to the info counter in front. The info counter has no idea whats going on with the daily routine and pushed me to seek help from another counter C and D. When I got to the counter, they were puzzled why I am there. The whole ping pong game goes round for another 2 counters. In total I need to go 5 counters just to know my flight is confirmed delay. Really one of the worst airlines that can simply just spoil your trip instantly.
  Worst airline ever, they overbooked my flight. Left me stranded in Guadalajara. They dont give refunds for the flight, only vouchers. They also wont pay for another ticket on another airline nor a hotel. So here i am sleeping in the airport waiting 6 hours for another flight on another airline. Which cost me more than the whole round trip with VivaAerobs . I understand its cheap but its not worth it.
  Toronto to Mexico City. Literally went to the airline to plead with them that some of the people flying have most likely contracted COVID 19 and were told to self quarantine that they should niy fly to stop the spread. The airline literally said if they decide to fly its not the airlines responsibility that if they decide not to, the best the airline could do is help reschedule with a 1200$ fee. This is ridiculous I couldnt believe my ears.
We used Air Madagascar for four internal flights. All four were reasonably on time max delay about 45 mins. Cabin staff friendly and good complimentary snack and newspaper on each flight. Be prepared for very rapid braking at fort Dauphin short runway
  Vienna to Gatwick. When I flew to Austria from Gatwick there were some issues with my luggage, which was my fault, and the staff at the check in counter were so helpful to me. When I flew back on Friday 21st there was chaos at Gatwick because of the drones and the airport in Vienna messed the data up of the flight they said it was cancelled when it wasnt and still we were able to fly off and get to Gatwick. I am so grateful for this airline. So thank you!
London to Santiago via Sao Paulo, and on a tour of South America I took 7 flights with TAM Airlines and their subsidiary LAN. The international flights were business class which was excellent. Flatbed seats enabled a good 67 hours of sleep. The food was okay for airline food and water or alcohol was offered. All of the flights were on time and the staff were very helpful, even offering additional leg room seats when these were available. The inflight entertainment was limited however most people now provide their own.
  Terrible service. I try to cancel my trip and get any credit for that and travel after this COVID situation. I called many times and nobody answer phone. I sent e mail but no luck. They have requested place but its to hard to find it. They made everything confused for costumers. I know that this a low cost company but they need to have a better customer service.
  My flight was SV571 that was actually quite a decent one. Going to Jeddah for the weekend to watch the F1 Races taking place on March 18. Check in went alright. There was not much inflight entertainment available on the plane was alright but I consider it as average. My meal was really tasty which was a cheese pizza type of pastry served with Apple Juice as well. The crew were very attentive, courteous, and spoke English very well to all of the passengers. I would recommend Saudia for travels in the Middle East as it is one of the cheapest fares for flights and for travels. The only hassle was the ground staff in Jeddah. The immigration lines were horrendous and needed some improvements. I know Jeddah Airport is quite big and could easily get crowded especially when you arrive at 700pm. The interesting part of Jeddah Airport was it had lots of food and beverages outlets available in the arrivals corridor.
We travelled on 4th September 2013 from LHR to RJK returning on 11th September. Both flights airbus 319 recaro seats comfortable enough for a 2hr flight. Aircraft clean stewardesses friendly light snack and drinks given flights. On time pleasant experience.
  Fuerteventura to Gatwick. Simply terrible, 6 kg max for cabin baggage ridiculous and I got charged 65 pounds because mine was 6.5 kg, just before the boarding. No more words are necessary
  Today me and my Mother travelled onboard flight RJ 268 from Montreal to Amman as a transit point to Cairo. Upon our checking in at the airport, we were told by the counter check in agent that we require a PCR test. On their website its written that transit passengers do not require it, as well Egypt as final destination doesnt require it. They stalled us at the airport and made us go get tested for a cost of 300 dollars. The manager was very rude to us and didnt bother to explain. This is last time we fly with Royal Jordanian.
  Stay away from this company, absolutely chaotic from the start. We booked our flight in September 2022 and they changed the rules for baggage allowance from 20kg to 15kg. This was fine when we got to the checkin counter, even though the staff was 20 minutes late. When we got to the gate it was announced it was delayed by 1015 minutes and after half an hour we could start boarding. When we got to the gate registration we were told that one of our bags had to be taken off since one of your staff forgot the rules had changed. Then a lady told as it is what it is. How rude! If we would have been told at the check in we could have repacked so that we had our necessaries.
 Bangkok to Taipei. I had an 11 hour layover at Taipei airport which wouldnt have been a problem if it was during the day. However, the plane was delayed by an hour and didnt land until 1030pm. The food courts had closed by the time everyone had disembarked, even the lounges were closed which is unacceptable when youre paying an eye watering amount for a business class seat. Why on earth would EVA Air have an 11 hour layover at night when nothing is open and there arent any sleeping facilities like pods. I cant recommend them purely on their insane layover times
  Amsterdam to Fez. Terrible company! Just like it happened to other people, we had an extra luggage but the people at the checkin desk could not see it on the system. We therefore had to pay an extra 50 euros fee on top of the luggage fee paid beforehand through the website. When asked, the lady at the checkin counter said that this happens frequently. So please do consider this if you want extra luggage. For the rest it is overall not better that other lowcost companies that are much cheaper. Would not fly with them again and would not recommend to other people, unless you enjoy being robbed.
  TAP lost my luggage, made me spend more on clothing, I lost my receipts but still showed them proof that I spent money on my clothing I had images and dates thanks to snapchat, and I asked for, not joking, 7 months straight trying to talk to someone on the phone, email, social media and they were never any help at all. They denied helping me, did not compensate me at all on anything, and overall, just a bad airline that was not helpful at all and did not provide for me anything really. I had no choice but to check in my luggage, they made me check in my carryon in the line even when I told them no. If I hadnt checked in my luggage, all of this would have been prevented. If possible, at this point try and fly with another airline but this one, more than likely you will be stuck somewhere in Lisboa with not even underwear to your name figuring it out on your own.
 Flew Sky Airline from Punta Arenas to Santiago. Horrible airline, pay the extra for LATAM. Customer service is nonexistent. The booking process is completely broken and doesnt work reliably on iOS devices. Flights dont run on time. Passengers booked on the same PNR arent seated together unless you pay more. They managed to leave our luggage behind, and had no staff or baggage services to help.
  Do not book with them! Couldnt travel due to COVID last year and Im still trying to get a refund. I got an email in July saying theres a delay in getting refunds out and then I sent two more emails in October with absolutely no response to either. Its December and Im still trying to reach them. Dont do it. Its not worth it. Im out over $600 for an unused ticket.
  Do not expect checked bags to arrive at destination on a 2 hour direct flight!! And do not expect to get your bag for several days. My bag and 6 other peoples bags were no shows at our destination of Binghamton, NY on a Saturday morning. We were told we may have to wait until Wednesday when Avelo flies back to Binghamton! Avelos Baggage Team does not work weekends or holidays. So there is no one to start working our issue until Monday even though our baggage delay happened on a Saturday morning. There is no communication and no updates. Calls to customer service are futile and no supervisor to speak to until Monday morning. Never check a bag with Avelo!
  The only thing consistent about Airnorth is their inconsistency! I live in a town where its our only choice of airline so we have to continually endure rescheduled flights Im not talking about minutes behind, I mean hours and hours You are forever missing connecting flights, losing money on motel rooms, rentals etc. Their pricing is typical of an airline who has a monopoly on a service, and I can live with that, but its the simple fact that they cannot provide a consistently reliable service for the money they get that infuriates me. And only providing a tiny bottle of water and a packet of cheese and crackers as in flight catering is poor. If you have the choice, never fly with this airline of inutility.
JNBCPT return for less than ZAR1000. Both flights were on time the cabin crew were friendly and helpful. Checkin was efficient and at JNB they had a separate line for passengers with hand luggage only. The only point of complaint is the choice of colours for the seats. Lime green and blue is not a happy combination in my opinion.
Kathargo Airlines charter flight Dublin  Monastir return. Operated by a Boeing 737300 The leg room was adequate for a charter hot meal service both ways which was good . Cabin crew no problem meals and drinks served with a smile soft drinks free with alcoholic drinks priced between 23 euro alot cheaper than what other airlines charge. We had a four hour delay on our return flight kept well informed which was due to the inbound flight being delayed in Vienna. Given vouchers to use in the departures cafe for refreshments  sandwiches which was more that adequate for a mid afternoon snack. Outbound flight from Dublin left on time and arrived ahead of schedule. After reading a few of the negative reports on them on this site I expected the worse but I would have no hesitation flying with them again it seems a lot of the reports about them is over rated. Its not a UK airline its based in the country that you are flying to try speaking a little French to the crew  that brings a smile sit back and enjoy your holiday!
  Mexico City to Rome. Seats were very uncomfortable. The screens didnt work during the flight. The crew didnt answer when the button was pushed to call them. I asked for gluten and lactose free meal, and my meal had lactose products which i didnt noticed and made me feel awful during the flight.
Corfu to Birmingham with Thomson Airways. Booked the extra space seats in row 32 which is an exit row giving us plenty of leg room when the flight attendant isnt using the jump seat opposite. Seat width was a bit narrow but okay for a short haul flight. The only issue I had was a strong draft blowing round me which could be felt by the passenger sitting in the aisle seat but not my husband in the window seat. No IFE provided and drinks were a little on the steep side. Crew were very chatty and friendly and there were plenty of updates on arrival times and route information from the flight deck during the flight. Seats were on the thin side and could do with some extra padding but were bearable for a short haul flight. Toilets were clean and well maintained. Would choose Thomson over airlines such as Ryanair and Easyjet anytime.
MADNTEMAD. We were bussed to the aircraft and boarded very efficiently. The only FA spoke perfect English and Spanish and broken French. CRJ200 series 50 seats was clean. FA was very friendly. We were served a drink and a packet of nuts and then biscuits and another drink. FA also gave out activity books to kids and newspapers and magazines to passengers as required. Air Nostrum did very well considering Iberias service.
  Flew return from Gatwick to Prague and both flights were delayed. Locked on a boiling hot plane for 3 hours either way. Reason given was that we had missed our departure slot both times. Most likely caused by the time taken to get everybody onto plane. 
  I wish to compliment the flight attendant, Nina, who was on my Finnair flight from Stockholm to Doha. She provided excellent, conscientious service with a smile. Her warm and welcoming attitude throughout the flight was commendable and impressive. I really enjoyed my flight due to the wonderful service of not only Nina, but all flight attendants who saw to me during the flight. 
  I booked my flight to Orlando and back to Charleston, SC for a healthcare conference for Thursday, March 24th  Monday, March 27th. It was no problem with Delta to get to Orlando easily and smoothly but once Monday came, Silver Airways was a nightmare and continues to be. First thing, flight got delayed and delayed and delayed so we ended up with an email saying 712 pm flight out and then their website saying 611 pm the former delay prior to this. Our flight time out of Orlando was originally 235 pm. Thats fine, flights get delayed I get that. No problem. So as we stood in line for over an hour, we began to realize we werent moving and still not moving much and we were going to miss our flight. The people all in front of us were angry because of the lack of service and common sense the Silver Airways staff showed. The lack of simple Im sorry that your flight is cancelled, but heres what you can do didnt exist and when it was our turn and we had just missed the flight, this is about 715 pm now, we walk up and speak to the agent who has no idea what to do and says that. Literally says to us I dont know what to do and what you want me to do excuse me? So after asking her what can we do? How do we reroute? She informs us in a nasty tone and attitude that they dont do that. They didnt help. They didnt do a thing and refused to help. Then when I shared that I booked with Expedia, she said thats not their fault or problem. I cannot believe this. The attitude. The lack of help. The lack of doing their jobs and no refund thus far. Weve made a few calls and Expedia stated today at 500 pm, I needed to call the Silver Airways phone lines which both lines no one answers on. No one. The 801  just puts you on hold while the 954  is disconnected.  Silver Airways, you owe me my flight $448.98 and a hotel stay since I had to go find out at another airline American Airlines to go home and had to wait the night out the Hyatt Hotel at the airport.
Used ArkeFly for two holidays this year Las Palmas Gran Canaria in May and Mombasa Kenya in AugustSeptember. To Gran Canaria was a very pleasant flight we unexpectedly all had an own personal entertainment screen in the headrest and on our return journey too. Therefore we expected to have them on our 11 hour long intercontinental flight to Mombasa but surprisingly we did not real letdown. Our seats row 15 before the emergency exits were said to have limited reclining capability but they did in fact not move one inch at all on the journey there they did recline a bit on our redeye back. We flew comfort class which is really worth the additional charge 15EUR per person per flight. The 8 centimetres extra are the difference between sleeping fairly comfortably or cramped and the night comfort kit really helped me get some rest. Out of the 4 flights 1 was delayed but it was only a little over an hour and they caught up a with quite a few of the lost minutes. Clean planes easy self service luggage checkin friendly staff reasonable prices for airplane food and always good landings so Id use them again.
  On my first leg from Bandar seri Begawan to Singapore on a new A320Neo aircraft, the cabin was very fresh and clean. The flight leave on time with no issue, but the IFE was not working. Shortly after take off, the IFE was not working, i tried to inform the crew about it, but the senior crew was busy chatting with the crew in the back galley. 30 minutes later, i told one of the crew about the IFE, he said he will inform his superior. On my way back from Jakarta to BWN, a new A320Neo, once again everything seems good about the cabin, the IFE was working before the aircraft push back from the stand in CGK. Took a little time to browse the IFE. I fly with RB every month since July. The TV guide and other movie list  channel has never been change or refresh. The movies and TV channel were very out dated and its getting bored to watch the same film or tv program again and again. I finally get the chance to select a movie and the flight into an hour later, the IFE restart itself! I think this airlines has the ability to provide better products and the services, including the crew dealing with problems need more training in customer service.
  Flying out of Las Vegas to Richmond, the plane was at the gate, and because of wind in Richmond, they decided last minute to cancel our flight. The service desk stated they would be unable to help with refunds  rebooking. I attempted to refund via the app but conveniently , the app is unable to process my request for a refund. There is no live agent to talk with for this airline and sending emails seems to only going into the abyss. I had to spend 1500.00 with another airline to book a flight out of Las Vegas for the next day so i would be able to fly home. Not happy that I cant get a refund or a credit even if i tried.
The only option to fly to Lahore in Pakistan was on Shaheen Air on a very aged 737200. Pleasant welcome from all female cabin crew. No IFE as aircraft older than me! Food was of good quality crew spoke flawless English. Pre take off we were given mineral water and pre landing boiled sweets.
We tried to make a return reservation from JerseyZurich. The return schedule was not available so the Blue Islands staff person on the phone advised us to book the outbound and the return separately when the schedule was available. This we did. Because we booked the return from Zurich as a separate flight on the advice of Blue Islands staff we have been charged the return fare in Swiss Francs. The difference is approximately L200. We have written and faxed Blue Islands but they do not reply.
  The planes from Luxor were delayed for two hours, once you ask the airline people they say an hour, then you figure out it is two. People were on the floor as no where to sit. People missed their connection flights, They canceled my plane to Amman, we were asked to go to customer once in Cairo, no one was there it was 2 am I had a young daughter with me. It is horrible
  At every turn AirAsia try to scalp you for every dollar. Examples such as hoping you forget to checkin online so they can charge you additionally, purposefully allocating seat locations if purchasing more than one ticket in different positions onboard so that youre more likely to pay the 600THB per person to change seats and waiting to tell you last minute your meal option has been discontinued so you have to pay more to get a different meal. We expect more as consumers and preying on the technologically vulnerable is shameful behaviour.
  MNLBKKMNL in this beautiful singleaisle aircraft. MNL to BKK was on time while the return was delayed for about an hour which by fine by me. Preordered meal was OK, the usual bland airline meal. Was able to win in one of their fun games. All in all it was good flight by Cebu Pacific.
  Still waiting for cancellation refund. An atrocious company. On a trip to Cuba, I paid for extra baggage, which showed up on my ticket, but on checkin was told that it had not been paid for. After argument was allowed to board, but lied to by checkin staff and cabin crew about there being a desk in transit at Madrid where I could sort it out for return trip. Spent approx. 90 minutes on phone trying to get someone to sort it out, to no avail. Due to coronavirus, they cancelled return flight 3 days before its date, but didnt make any effort to contact me to inform me. I had been monitoring their website which is labyrinthine, and was totally without information. I only found out about cancellation when my son rang me from England, and he managed to book us on a flight with another airline at a cost of £3000. I have tried all ways of getting a refund, quoting EU regulations etc. After 4 months I have heard nothing since their original offer of vouchers.
 Flew Bogota to Medellin. We booked online and we could not print off the boarding pass so we got a charge for that when we got there. We had to pay over 166,000 for a name change on one ticket because I put my wifes NZ married name and they would not accept her NZ drivers licence as proof of ID. We had a international size hand luggage bag and we still got charged for excess baggage because their size is 20 smaller than international size. For the return trip we are sending the wifes carry on bag through another company. The wife finally got the boarding passes printed off but we are having to sit rows and seats apart from each other, the staff stood on my foot while my foot was within my seat space, and the look they gave me felt like I was in their way, we were made to feel that we should be lucky to fly with them. 
 Wanted to start off this review by saying Remember most people only leave reviews when they have a bad experience. So having said that, our experience was great with Copa Airlines! We booked in August $500 to Costa Rica and back. Which was a great deal and when I later checked the prices in October it was up to $1500! Obviously reading the reviews I got so scared our tickets would be cancelled or something so I legit didnt start booking things for our trip until a week or two before. The day of our flight came and everything checked out, we checked in online easily, I love that we got to pick our seats without paying not many airlines do that nowadays, and when we got to the airport  because we only had carryons and already checked in  we were able to go right through security. The two flights we took there left on time, we were served a sandwich on the 5 hour one, and were perfectly good flights! Crew was nice, COVID protocols were followed and we got to our destination on time! I was also shocked we got our own entertainment service in economy class private TV with movies and games and a USB charger. They also handed out headphones for free even thou I had some they are the iPhone ones and dont fit for the TV so they gave me a pair  Ive been on other airlines where they wanted to charge me $16. We fly back in a few days and I have no worries at all. I would 100 use them again and probably will if I can get good priced flights!
  Lets start with the bad, that is terminal F and Philadelphia, it just is not a nice place, though the food court is nice! LEX is pretty pleasant however, and every single AA employee I talked to at both airports and on the flight were pretty good! My biggest issue was space. Im 58, and about 175 pounds and I was cramped into the little ERJ. So, overall, a mediocre experience. Also, this flight was a Piedmont Airlines flight, operating as American Eagle!
 We have used Vietnam Airlines on several occasions over the years and have never had issues with them. On this occasions we flew Ho Chi Minh  Hanoi  Da Nang  Ho Chi Minh. Each flight was pleasant, staff courteous and efficient and they departed as scheduled. As they were relatively short flights the inflight service was minimal however unlike Scoot who we flew to Ho Chi Minh with they kept the passenger hydrated. The aircraft may not be the most modern however the seats were comfortable, there was ample legroom and most importantly they were clean. Boarding was efficient and easy. Its unfortunate they dont operate from Perth, Western Australia as there would be no need to use any other carrier.
  I found them to be extremely helpful and professional. When I first arrived at Melbourne airport to checkin I was looking for my booking reference to find my flight and check in and a lovely staff member helped me checkin via my name instead. She made the entire process so much simpler. All the staff have been so helpful and helped make my trip a much easier, lessstressful experience. The flight attendants and pilots on both flights were also great.
 I had booked my ticket online through the Wizz Air website in the month of April to go from Dammam to Abu Dhabi and return as below flights Dammam to Abu Dhabi for 2362023, Abu Dhabi to Dammam for 3062023. Experience for Dammam to Abu Dhabi for 2362023  Checkin was over the counter at the airport. Flight got delayed by almost 2 hrs and nobody knew what was the reason. No complimentary refreshment was given even after this huge time delay. I missed my connecting bus and reached my hotel very late at midnight due to this delay. Experience for Abu Dhabi to Dammam for 3062023  Now this is the real deal. When we reached the airport for checkin we were informed that we have online checkin option during booking. So they will charge to do checkin at the airport. That charge is almost 2 times of the cost of ticket. Wow! By the way, they will put every details like food choice, weight limits along with all useless info in ticket but they will never mention compulsory web checkin option in ticket and charges for not complying it. Also they are so caring to send you useless mail before departure to remind you to check about destination visa but never remind you to do web checkin which is only option as per their understanding and its penalty. This strategy was used to loot almost 10 more passengers who were there on the same flight. They were also cheated in the same manner and they seemed really upset which spoiled their vacation. In short, highly unreliable and really cheap tactics to take your money. 
This was a perfect flight. It was my girlfriends first time flying on an ATR she wasnt too keen but as a keen flyer I found it superb. The check in was very quick. Transportation to the plane also very quick and efficient. Meal was ok during the flight. Baggage also came out very fast.
  I have never used an airline with a worse customer service, or on schedule departure than fly540, especially the managers and customer service in Juba and in Nairobi. Just today, December 25th 2017, I was scheduled to travel to Nairobi from Juba, South Sudan and got to the airport 1 hour and 45 before departure time, to be told the flight is full and the manager and checkin agent told me that my seat has been sold to another customer who was at the checkin desk before me. This is the airline that never departs on time and passengers have sit for hours min 1.5 hours in waiting area for the airline to arrive. I bought my ticket round trip 3 months in advance. fly540 is the absolute worst airline that you wished you had used their flights, airlines, come into contact with their rude and unprofessional staff. I will never use them again. Avoid them at any cost.
  Flew from San Francisco to Boston. I use to love Virgin but now two flights in a row I have sat on the tarmac while they fixed an issue with the plane. Twice now with well over an hour delay in a row for an airline I use to consider reliable. The worst part was the complete lack of information. The employees ran for whatever hidden cover they could to avoid questions. The captain came on just to give a 15min update of we arent moving yet and they are working on it because in his words, he was required to by law as if the law wasnt there he wouldnt care. The lack of communication is dumbfounding for an airline who use to pride themselves on customer service and quality. The least they could do is give us a free movie for the delay but they didnt last flight that had a 2 hr delay and I have no faith this one will either if we ever get off the ground that is. Should have stuck with Southwest. They are bare bones but at least they seem to care.
  Boston to Munich via Dusseldorf. This trip was the worst out of all and I was very disappointed with Air Berlin. I was traveling with one other person and her bag was lost and not returned for another week after it was found. She tried to call the company multiple times and it was nearly impossible to get a hold of someone to talk to. The flight attendants on our flight were also downright rude. I am a very easy going person and not much bothers me but they way they spoke to us and handled any problems was highly unprofessional. Trying to board the plane alone was an absolute mess. I would not recommend this airline to anyone looking to fly to Europe.
  Delayed 3 hours out of CVG, heard 3 different explanations of why, including a pilot shortage from our pilot. Missed our layover in PHL because every American Airlines employee we spoke to refused to help us. Forced to spend the night in Philadelphia because the next plane wasnt until the morning. American Airlines refused to take responsibility for our missed flight so we had to pay for the hotel ourselves. Filed a complaint to the compensation department and they gave me a laughable $25 flight credit. I will never fly American Airlines again and I will be telling all my friends and family of my experience as well. When we asked for help making our connection, the only thing the desk agent said was American Airlines is aware of all connecting flights instead of offering any kind of help whatsoever. Missed the connection by 2 minutes because the gate was not held open or reopened for us even though the plane was still at the gate upon our arrival. Literally any assistance from anybody could have avoided this whole scenario.
  I have 3 flights with Air Namibia in December. First Johannesburg to Walvis Bay, via Windhoek  First leg was cancelled. A few days later I get noticed that my sons ticket from Walvis Bay to Cape Town also was cancelled. Now I worry for my last Air Namibia ticket from Walvis Bay to Windhoek. Is something up or are they just cancelling 2 of 3 flights to and From Walvis Bay?
  Paris to Riga. I was expecting better service from Airbaltic since I paid more for business class. It turns out the service is worse than budget airlines. Worst airline ever I have taken. I had to remove and put the luggage onto the belt a few time and the ground staff made no attempt to help me with my heavy luggage. He sat and watched and kept commanding me to put the luggage onto the belt even after I asked nicely would you please help me with the luggage.  After he told me that his name is Keith when I asked him, he turned to talked to his colleagues in French and they all started laughing. I know he was talking about me asking his name because I heard Keith in the conversation, which made me suspect that Keith is not his real name. The English proficiency of ground staff is very low. They spoke in broken English and couldnt explain to me clearing.  The manager thought that my English is not good and explained to me the whole situation again in writing. For info, English is the first language in Singapore. The staff made only me measure my hand carry and claimed that its oversized. I saw some other passengers hand carry luggage were clearly oversized too but they are allowed. They initially told me that I have to pay 55EUR for the extra luggage and then changed this to 60EUR when another manager was present and insisted that he told me that it was 55EUR. The air stewardess skipped me when serving the welcome drink and the menu. When I asked for them, she then checked my seat number. How is it that you do not even know who are your business class customers? I did not pay extra for business class for the above poor services. It is very unprofessional to treat your business class passengers with such poor services because she is Asian.
  Ryanair just spoilt my holidays. They started boarding too early and kept people outside under the rain when the temperature was about 8 degrees during 40 minutes. The airplane wasnt prepared for boarding why? After that 2,5 hours flight like in the fridge. t the end I arrived with a cold and thanks Ryanair you spoil my holiday. 
 We booked return tickets from Dubai to Doha for the 2022 FIFA World Cup, what they called Match day Tickets. From check in all the way to the actual flight the experience was terrible. Flying Dubai to Doha the Check In we did online went successful in the website but was not recognised as valid when we turned up to the airport. Staff told us they dont know why this happened and made us check in again, there was a massive line we purposely wanted to avoid by doing online check in. Anyway after doing the line and check in we finally get to the gate and surprise surprise due a mistake they allocated our seats to someone else therefore they asked us to wait for the next flight as the one we booked was full. Waited until next flight which obviously delayed our arrival to Qatar by almost 2 hours and messed up our itinerary. Flying Doha to Dubai we enjoyed the football games and almost forgot the awful initial experience, but little did we know Flydubai could top that bad time for our departure flight. We looked at our booking document issued by flydubai which stated the flight in Doha would depart from DOH airport, so we head to that airport and staff told us no flydubai flights were departing from there. They were actually departing from DIA. So we rushed to the other airport and arrived 30 min before boarding. We get to the front desk and the Flydubai staff tells us the flight is closed and now we need to buy another ticket 3x the original price to return to Dubai. After a long discussion, there was no other option than buying the other ticket, but staff told us to not worry as we would get a refund as the booking document they issue stated the wrong airport. As expected after contacting flydubai about this issue, they denied any responsibility and when they ran out of arguments closed the case saying Any communication on the same subject will be considered as feedback only. In short, Flydubai impacted our trip itinerary, offered an awful service and stole our money through a scam of producing erroneous info so you miss the flight and they charge you 3x times the price for a new one. Never again.
  StPetersburg to Brussels via Riga. At the departure of the airport of StPetersburg, I had to pay for a supplementary fee for a checked baggage instead of a carryon baggage even if it was one of the correct size. As I did not want to miss my flight, the officer did not hear any of my argument and forced me to pay the 60€ fee instead of the 16€ fee for an overweight luggage, without any regard for my consent. As this kind of behavior is qualified as a scam, I am truly offended by this event. I strongly do no recommend this company which does not respect the EU consumers rights. I hope you will avoid it as much as it is possible. 
  Johannesburg to Lodon. We booked the flight and also made advanced seat selection seats 55H and 55 K more leg space on 3d of August. Reason is that I am 1,90 m long. On the flight SA 234 on Friday the 11th from Johannesburg the airline has changed the type of airplane. They did not inform us before by email, WhattApp, on there own SAAPP and also not at the counterdesk where we put our luggage. Therefore we paid for nothing and other people were sitting The staff of SA in the plain didnt do anything to help us and only said you can get your extra seat costs back at the counter in London.We didnt have a chance to upgrade or change our seats. We could not go to the counter because we had a connecting flight 1 hour later to Schiphol Amsterdam.It was very disappointed. I have sent an email to SA customer services directly but did not receive any reply till now. On top of that a staffmember suddenly came in the plane with a insectide in aerosol and sprayed us all. It was a disaster. Total no feeling to the client. I shall not recommend SAA to anybody.
  Singapore to Bangkok. I booked a flight for 5 to Bangkok, choose my seats and paid in full. On the day of departure I was informed at the counter the flight was full due to overbooking and I had to take the next flight. Jetstar offered compensation of $150 vouchers for future booking. They will not offer cash vouchers. This is ridiculous as payment has been made in full. Why would I want travel vouchers for another flight with Jetstar? What makes Jetstar think I would want to fly with them in future. Think twice about booking Jetstar.
  It was very unpleasant journey since flight supposed to start at 10.25 which delayed to start 2.09 pm, landed at 5.32 pm instead of 2pm. However airlines did not let out passengers after 6.48pm, still in the flight. It was very stressful journey and our vacation totally collapsed. I would not recommend anyone to Alaska airlines for Hawaii vacation.
 Excellent experience. On time, plenty of room, employees were great. I will fly again. Arrived early both ways and left on time both ways. Checked a bag and paid for overhead storage no issues.
  Amman to Cairo. I arrived in Cairo in nov 6 to find out my luggage was no where to be found. They made me fill out a form Where I needed to buy an Egyptian sim so they can call me. I emailed them the documents as instructed. Ever since then no one has replied to my calls or emails. My tour guide was able to get through somehow. They delivered me a bag but it was not mine But with my name. Its been 5 days since I arrived and I have called them every day and emailed them continuously. Still no reply. I had to resort to commenting in their social media to get their attention and I finally got a reply and now they are replying but even then nothing has been escalated. Definitely an airline with very bad service I would not recommend.
 Lanseria to Cape Town with Kulula. Worst airline ever, stuck at the airport because flight left from Durban to Lanseria airport with a damaged fire extinguisher. We have a 3 hour delay because we have to wait for another flight to bring a spare fire extinguisher! This is ridiculous! Couldnt even offer meal vouchers or even juice box for kids.
 Original flight IST TO BKK delayed 5 hours, cannot catch connection flight to HKT, had to reroute IST to HKT the next day. Paid for assigned seats but system auto reassignment, but airline refused to refund assign seating fee  this is cheating, rob us! We have 5 people so we paid a lot for seat assignments. The re route flight on the next day delayed another 2 hours. Flight attendants always push to close the windows, and air con not cold enough  basically push us to sleep, so they dont have to service. The aircraft is old and not clean  dont fly this airline, the worst ever.
  Hanoi to Danang. Finally an airline that has bought back the service in Vietnam. Impressed and hope they keep it up. Check in seamless, lounge infinitely better than others in Noi Bai. Flight left as scheduled could not ask for more. Definite value for money.
 Flight cancelled due to weather conditions. Rescheduling suggestion didnt work for me, so I cancelled the booking and requested a refund. Horrible customer service, took 30 days for first review. They refused to give me the money, only a credit. But I am a foreigner not planning to use Porter anymore, and dont have friends in Canada to transfer the credit. So the money stays with Porter, who didnt provide the service, that blames the weather, but I am the one who got screwed. Seems a thieves practice.
Flight JJ8020 from Rio de Janeiro to Santiago. To call it a business class is a gross exaggeration. To begin with, with a flight departure at 07.04am, the lounge was not open until 06.15 when they began boarding for the flight. On board, no welcome drink, a broken seat luckily the seat next to mine was available, so I could move and a cabin crew that were more interested to talk to each other than to welcome boarding passengers. After takeoff, again the cabin crew spent most of their time closing the curtain between the business class and the galley. Breakfast was reasonable and had a choice of a platter of cold cuts and a hot omelette. After that, no more spontaneous drink service for a 4.5 hour flight. Selection of the press very poor and no individual entertainment system. The aircraft was old and looked and felt old. Very indifferent service.
Purchased round trip tickets from to Dakar to Freetown. Dakar to Freetown flight was 2 hours late. Our ticket for the Freetown to Dakar flight said Wednesday but when we went to the airport Wednesday morning we were told that our flight left the day before. We inquired at the Freetown office and they told us that they switched the day of that flight 6 months prior! Dakar office had sold us a ticket for a flight that did not exist! That left us to scramble and buy a ticket from another airline to make our connecting flight home. Not much of an apology either. If travelling in Africa you can expect more professionalism from a minibus driver and less snooty attitude too.
  I was extremely disappointed with this airline. I booked a flight from Barcelona to San Francisco through Iberia. I got a cheap deal through EDreams,  a booking agency. At the end the price was deceiving as it went from 485€ to 600€, no luggage included only carryon. As I was making the queue to board, someone asked the staff member who checks the boarding pass if he had food included, I thought that was pretty obvious, it is a 13hr flight after all! So I asked as well and they said no! I went to buy a sandwich and a salad in a Caf nearby before I boarded the plane. So to my surprise the aircraft is not from Iberia but from Level, I was confused but ok. The seats were tiny, they barely bend backwards and overall they are extremely uncomfortable, definitely not suited for such a long flight. They had no WiFi due to technical issues, if it were functioning though, you would have to pay like 8$ the hour. Crew members were overall not very professional and rude, you do not get a single smile and they do not ask you if you are ok. They would only care for those who had paid for the food which btw, did not appear as an option as I booked the flight, total ripoff. They did not offer one single cup of water, nothing, just rude looks. I could barely sleep because of the uncomfortable seat. On my way back to Barcelona, again Level, same story. Only that this time the woman at the checkin told me I had the food included. Because I am very wise, I asked again by the boarding gate just in case and they told me no, I have no meals included in my flight. Again I had to go and buy a meal at the airport. Same  aircraft, same rude staff, just dreadful. Do yourself a favor and never book Level, and beware of Iberia, as you might be actually booking with Level.
 Vienna to Montreal. It is ridiculous that in 2022, you are not able to let passengers check in with a Permanent Resident status in Canada online. It is time consuming at the airport, seat cannot be selected because checkin works only at the airport, and I am wasting my time at the airport because the system is not working online. I called the support service and I am just told to check in at the airport. Very frustrating and not very customer friendly.
  Weve heard a lot of bad reports about SAA. Nothing could be further from the truth. We left Perth at 2345 yesterday and am now in Johannesburg awaiting a connecting flight to Cape Town. We left and arrived on time.Had a good dinner  breakfast,  not haute cuisine but very edible. Found that stewards were very attentive and quite free with the beverages and they were friendly. Had economy seats that gave a good deal of legroom, enough films to keep you occupied.  What more can there be to this business. Well done SAA
  Gatwick to Fez. Flying to Fez, the flight was delayed by 3.5 hours and we were sat on the aircraft without a clue as to what the delay was caused by. The staff were disinterested in serving passengers and they would only accept euros or sterling to buy some of their overpriced food items. They forgot to take payment from me for a sandwich I bought and seemed disorganised. They told me that drinks were free on this flight. Flying back to Gatwick  the flight was delayed again by 40 minutes, again for a reason we werent told. Staff again seemed disinterested. I tried to order a drink and was told to pay for it when on my previous flight with Air Arabia, the drink was free. So theres really no consistency in the customer service you receive.
  We flew from Brindisi to Rome, service was trash everyone there is on a power trip, no customer service skills at all. Very rude. Then Rome to NY, the flight was fine, but they didnt pay Delta for our connecting flight to Atlanta. Delta found our name in the system but said the spots were only reserved and basically Alitalia owed them money, to actually book the flight. We didnt find this out till we got to NY because none of the service desksppl at the gate were able to print us our ticket in Rome or brindisi and didnt say why. So we get to NY Find this out and end up missing our flight. Were still on the phone with the airline on hold to get this sorted out. Im very disappointed with my overall experience with this airline. Unreliable airline and rude people working for them. These are only the issues we had on the way back home to ATL. We had issues otw to Rome too again rude staff and terrible customer service.
My travel day was June 2 at 0035 arrived to the airport on time boarding start at 1150 pm. Coming close to the take off time the fly got delayed the claim is due to one of the air staff was being sick. They started requested how they need about 10 passengers to give up their seat offering new book and hotel stay which I found weird. Boarding started to commence they kept requesting passengers to give up seats and rebook. The airplane was loaded back to front by the time my section was called rows 1  15 we werent getting on the plane. We were volunteered to give up our seats claiming ones again due to short staffing on the plane. All my years of flying Ive never come across this or heard of this. I feel theres a big scam here they over book the flight made all these promises well get a full refund along with the cost of booking another flight with another airline. Im still waiting on someone to reach out Ive called the customer service number has they open 7am 3 days back to back and look the line is busy! Ive waited on hold for 1.5 hour out of one of the 3 days trying to get someone. So Im out the money on the flight with lynx and paid extra for another the same day in the morning 0630. In total I paid $680.79 for a 1 way flight for 2 airlines because of this.
  I recently had the misfortune of flying with Southwest Airlines, and I must say that my experience was nothing short of a disappointment. From the moment I stepped foot onto their plane, it was evident that this airline lacks the professionalism and commitment to customer satisfaction that one would expect. First and foremost, Southwest Airlines had no regard for punctuality. My flight was delayed once, and then they decided to rebook it for an unreasonably early hour in the morning. This unexpected change disrupted my entire travel plans and left me feeling exhausted before I even boarded the aircraft. It is unacceptable for an airline to make such drastic alterations without a valid reason or proper compensation. To make matters worse, Southwests servers seemed to be in a state of disarray. Throughout the booking process, I encountered multiple technical glitches and slow response times on their website. It was frustrating to witness a company of this scale failing to maintain their online infrastructure, leading to additional stress and wasted time on my end. The flight itself was another disappointing aspect of my experience. The planes condition was subpar. Southwest Airlines made a promise to compensate me for the inconvenience caused by their multiple delays and rebooking. They specifically mentioned a $200 voucher, which I was eagerly looking forward to. However, even after reaching out to their customer service department, I was met with indifference and received no resolution. It is disheartening to be on the receiving end of such false promises, especially when they have a direct impact on the customer experience. In conclusion, my experience with Southwest Airlines was marred by their unprofessionalism, lack of punctuality, technical glitches, and broken promises. I strongly advise potential travelers to consider alternative options and avoid the frustrations and disappointments that come with flying this airline. Southwest Airlines has left a sour taste in my mouth, and I can confidently say that I will not be choosing them for any future flights.
  I was impressed with their flight service. The flight attendants were friendly and attentive, the meals were delicious and there was a good variety of options to choose from. The entertainment system was also topnotch, with a great selection of movies and TV shows. I had a positive experience flying with China Southern Airlines and would recommend them to others.
I paid INR 13000 on IX flight from Kolkata to Singapore compared to about 21000 in SQ. The aircraft was clean crew reasonably friendly. They served snacks on the flight. I would say if they keep the aircraft clean and maintains time its good value for money. I would have to fly few more times to see if they are reliable!
  Our flight from Delhi to Kochi on 20012020 has been cancelled without prior information. When we check in they told like they had sent text message to the passengers before 2 days of departure, but we didnt receive any message. Also they have not rescheduled the flight or didnt make any necessary arrangement to drop us. We have booked the tickets around 2 months before for an amount of RS. 9,248 Due to the cancellation and miscommunication we didnt get a chance to book another flight on that day and we got stuck in the Delhi airport for one day. The next available flight at a reasonable charge was on the next day and we booked the tickets for RS. 15,880. It causes around Rs. 6,632 needs to pay extra from our pocket and we strongly believe it is their responsibility to compensate the extra payment which we made. We had communicated the same with the representative and they informed as to send an email to refund the loss occurred to us. Till now I havent received any update regarding my refund and compensation. I has been almost 15 days and still have not received my cancelled ticket fare. Very poor customer service they are providing.
 My wife and I flew to Nadi from Adelaide via Melbourne on a Friday night flight FJ930 and then direct back to Adelaide on Monday with Fiji Airlines FJ961 booked the codeshare Qantas flight number as Im a Gold FF to make it a long weekend. At Melbourne Tullamarine we needed to do a quick baggage check at the gate counter prior to boarding and rather unfortunately my wife hit her head on the counter overhanging ledge as she stood up from getting her passport out of her bag. It was completely noones fault but she was clearly a little upset at the shock of the it all. Naturally the staff were concerned on her welfare at the time, but what impressed me greatly was after we boarded, a ground manager came on board the plane asked after her personally, offered us both a bottle of water and moved us to an exit row for greater comfort. A terrific gesture and showed great care and consideration. I found this attitude from everyone at Fiji Airlines, including the tremendous Tabua Club at Nadi airport. which has been stylishly upgraded. Well done Fiji Airways!
  Horrible, system was down. Staff was very unorganized. Arrived early just to be cut by priority and people who arrived late, priority line barely moved and was treated to last resort. Fly else where.
  Bonaire to Curacao. 3 flights made with this airline in 2 weeks. The first flight left early, the second on time nothing to say  the third was catastrophic 2 days before our flight, schedule change from 10.30am to 7.45am, forcing us to arrange for check out and transfer to the airport. The day before, new mail confirmation of this change of schedule and registration on the flight by internet. In the night before our flight, when we had to leave our villa at 5.00am, new mail informing us that our flight was canceled again and postponed at the end of the day, which would have made us miss our connection to Curaao for Amsterdam. We arrived at 6.00am at the airport, however, and managed to convince them to put us on a Winair flight that allowed us to have our connection. What stress for our end of vacation! The checkin staff was incompetent. FR 3 vols raliss avec cette compagnie en 2 semaines. Le premier vol est parti en avance, le deuxime  lheure rien  dire. Par contre, le troisime a t catastrophique 2 jours avant notre vol, changement dhoraire, de 10.30am  7.45am, nous obligeant  nous organiser pour le check out et le transfert  laroport. La veille, nouveau mail de confirmation de ce changement dhoraire et enregistrement sur le vol par internet. Dans la nuit prcdant notre vol, alors que nous devions partir de notre villa  5.00am, nouveau mail nous informant que notre vol tait de nouveau annul et report en fin de journe, ce qui nous aurait fait manquer notre connexion  Curaao pour Amsterdam. Nous nous sommes quandmme prsents  6.00am  laroport, et avons russi  les convaincre de nous caser sur un vol Winair qui nous permettait davoir notre connexion. Que de stress pour notre fin de vacances! Le personnel  lenregistrement tait simplement incomptent. Compagnie vraiment  la drive, entre son personnel, son organisation et lanciennet de ses avions.
  Dublin to Kos. For the first time in my life I met such dirty plane. Its not that it has not been cleaned after the previous flight, its dirt from a few months. Terrible food  cold and pale toast with ham. Cabin crew okay. I would like to say never again, but I have to return with them
  Johannesburg to Windhoek. They make abuse of the Coronavirus. Because we cannot go to Namibia at the moment we have to change the dates of our holiday. Air Namibia will charge the normal fee 45 usd per person! to change the dates! Really unbelievable! KLM already did it for free!
EDILCY on 310814 and LCYEDI on 030914. The flights both ways on Embraer 190s were excellent but BAs customer service at LCY was less than impressive. There had been issues with low visibility at LCY on the morning of 0309. After checking in at one of the machines I was walking past the BA customer service desk and noticed that two employees were sitting chatting to each other. I approached them and once theyd actually stopped chatting I asked if there was likely to be a delay to BA8716. Them What makes you think it might be delayed? Me Well there were lots of inbound delays earlier today. Them Not got a clue. No Im not making that up. As it turned out BA8716 left bang on time and I have no complaint on that score but being told that customer service havent a clue about the departure time of a flight due out in a little over an hour really isnt good enough.
Full flight on Canadair Regional Jet departed at 0620. SAX has not refurbished cabins on the CRJs so they are looking a little tired and dated  would be great to have the seats installed on their Dash 8s rolled out across the fleet. Expecting the worst for breakfast I was pleasantly surprised  fruit yoghurt and a hot meal were provided. The hot meal consisted of an omelette sausage tomato and onions  the omelette was fresh and tasty and certainly the best omelette I have had on board any flight. Two rounds of coffeetea followed by which time the descent to Windhoek commenced. Very impressed with the breakfast on this run  cant see why it cant be expanded across the network for morning flights. All in all a good experience.
We have just returned from Cagliari to LGW. In view of the really cheap prices and previous poor reviews I had low expectations. Check in was a breeze at LGW and Cagliari flight took off on time. Ok the seats did not have much leg room but we hadnt paid first class prices by a long way. Amazingly we were served free coffee soft drinks and a snack! will definitely use again.
  Our flight flight 167 was suppose to depart at 1050am, but due to technical issues we were inside the plane up to un hour with no AC inside, until they decided that we to leave the plane. The next option was to wait until next flight which was until 830pm. So we decided to wait until then, but we did ask for a food benefit due to it was a technical issue on their side, they just said we take care of if just be patient. Long story short, it has been more than 6 hours and we still havent received any food. I spoke with the manager, which by the way the Manager was pretty rude, because when I went to ask her what was happening, she just continued saying they were still working on it, so obviously told her that was not enough, that they were leaving a whole flight without food. And she just you can place a complaint with customer service, like if that was going to resolve the issue. By the other hand, how is it possible they they dont have spare planes or have support with other airlines to cover each others back when needed. This has been the worst airline ever.
  Yekaterinburg to St. Petersburg. Absolute junk. Flight was delayed by about 10 hours without explanation, in spite of very good weather. Boarding process was utter chaos. Zero communication. No one spoke English, which caused problems for some Chinese passengers who didnt understand the luggage weight limits and held everyone else up as a result. Not professional I get the feeling the staff dont care if we get there at all. Avoid like the plague.
  I do not recommend anyone to fly with this company because they have 0 customer support and Georgian Airways is not responsible for any loss or damage they cause. In my case, they broke my suitcase which was split in halves. As I noticed it, I immediately concluded a damage report at the official Georgian Airways counter at Tbilisi airport, just upon my arrival. The manager told me to get in touch with Customer Service by email, and I did it later on the same day. After two weeks with no single reply, I forwarded my complaint and the damage report to the email address again and included the general address as well. After a month of waiting for nothing I reached the central office of Georgian Airways on Rustaveli Avenue in Tbilisi. There were four operators working, and they told me they do not have anyone responsible for damaged baggage and no customer support as it is. They asked me to address the issue at the same counter at the airport having given a phone number for me to call. When I called the number the manager from that end replied that she is only in charge of the lost luggage and no way she can deal with the damaged one. I left Tbilisi and was abroad for a while and when I came back to the same airport I approached the manager at the same old desk of Georgian Airways with the same old issue. She shouted at me saying she does not know anything. When I demanded to leave a claim and paper complaint she refused to help and just started ignoring me. In the process, I have also reached the airport administration which politely said they can not assist me with the claim. So, the conclusion is obvious and just one. Georgian Airways is not responsible for anything. If they cause damage to you or your belongings there is no customer support to compensate the damage or simply help you. Be careful when choosing your flight to or through Georgia and never choose Georgian Airways, take care!
We booked our 3rd visit to Tunisia through Thomas Cook flying from Doncaster but discovered we were travelling with Karthago  we arrive at the airport at 1.45pm and didnt leave until 1.15am following morning. We were not given any explanation only that it was technical food vouchers were issued as we were checked in. When we finally boarded it was on seats that were broken and actually lifted away from the main structure the backs were broken and would not stay in a upright vertical position seat pockets were ripped and generally the plane was way past its sell by date. Meal offered was unedible crew were rude and offish. The return journey was on time and the plane was very slightly better but still in awful condition. We are surprised that Thomas Cook are using this airline for their customers as there have been bad reviews on Karthago for over a year. This was not a cheap holiday so we didnt expect a 2nd rate service!
Convenient online check in. Friendly ground staff and boarded the plane within 5 min from the boarding time. However, only a small portion of rice with chicken and a small glass of orange juice were served. The flight attendents were robotic and were not seen except when serving meals.
  The rudest people Ive seen. I would never fly with them again. They charge you additional costs for check in! They changed our flight, and their system didnt recognize our booking anymore. I called them and ask and they said do the check in in airport, for which they asked an additional 6 euros. Since we didnt book the additional luggage, they charged us 125 euros for a 20 kg package. Their office was extremely rude and was not helpful. 
 Thai Airways was an overall very pleasant experience. Boarding security took half an hour but after it boarding seemed organised and it was smooth! Seat was very comfortable and a large amount of legroom. Add this with a 333 Config and an adjustable headrest and recline, it was very good for Economy class. Staff were very friendly and were greeting people nicely. Food was tender and delicious, probably one of the best economy meals I had ever had in a flight. IFE Fair enough. The system was smooth and straightforward, but it had less shows and music on average compared with other airlines. Thai offered charged WiFi at reasonable prices. Was fast enough for browsing or streaming. Definitely recommend!
  Excellent experience throughout. We were meant to fly from SCL Santiago, Chile to ZCO Osorno on 8 Aug. Our first attempt was thwarted as we were unable to land at the destination airport due to heavy fog and had to head back to our origin the crew would have fallen out of duty, which made a diversion impossible. Communication and management of the situation were flawless. We were kept up to date at all times, and we were given generous meal vouchers. To top things off, we were even provided with a compensatory voucher for our next journey with the airline. The latter came in totally unexpected, as the hiccup was of course not the airlines fault and beyond their control. After a twohour wait at SCL and once the fog had cleared, SKY flew us to our destination. A big thank you and well done to the staff at SKY Airline, both visible and behind the scenes, for this seamless, passengerfriendly, and pleasant experience.
  YuzhnoSakhalinsk to Tokyo via Vladivostok with S7 Siberia Airlines. After flying from Sakhalin to Vladivostok S7 lost my bag. My bag didnt turn up in Tokyo for a further 5 days and was missing for most of my vacation. S7 didnt care about this and i had to phone both Sakhalin and Vladivostok airports many times from my vacation to track down my bag. Eventually it turned up and I subsequently found out that S7 just didnt take it off my initial flight and sent it to another city in Russia, then they kept hold of it until they had another flight to Tokyo to get it to me, rather than trying to get it to me as quick as they could they chose to try to save themselves money without caring about their passenger. I had to buy some clothes and toiletries as I didnt have my bag for 5 days and on return home wrote to S7 about this. I spent hundreds of dollars on international phone calls to find my bag and get it delivered to the right place, on clothes I bought that I didnt need  S7 offered me $23 in compensation and only after a 10 month investigation finally accepting it was their fault as they couldnt find anyone else to blame. S7 post flight service is terrible and if you are an international traveller and have an issue they will not help you, they will go out of their way to make it difficult for you to get information and to get a resolution to your issue. 
  Yangon to Bangkok. Perfect, on time, clean, and kind. First time on Nok air and could not be happier. Extra bag checked but prepaid, so I avoided unnecessary problems at the counter. Totally recommended low cost.
  I fly on regular base with TAP. In general I am satisfied with the service. However this time my flight was cancelled at the very last moment and could fly 2 days later. According EU rules tap must compensate me with 600 euro for each ticket. After 6 month I did not hear anything from tap. My request has still the status Under investigation. Such a simple issue, TAP should have paid me the compensation automatically. It is a shame that I do not get an answer after 6 month.
  Never again! We had a vacation in Kemer and booked the backflight from Corendon Airlines based on a very comfortable departure time of 250 p.m. On the 1st day of our vacation we were informed that departure time has been changed to 930 a.m. Meaning we are to lose half a day at the sea and must leave the hotel at ca. 500 a.m. instead of a much more comfortable 1000 a.m. Departure day  we arrived at Antalya airport at 630 a.m. and were informed at the checkin desk that flight is delayed to 100 p.m. Could not they inform us a bit earlier? We had to wait at the airport for 5 hours and no compensation  no lounge, nothing... Our 6yo daughter was exhausted from waiting so long. The airplane was very old and dirty, the food and drinks are only paid for, even no free water. The seat of my wife was with a broken armrest. The entertainment media system was deactivated.
GEGSEAFSN Flew on the regional jet both to and from Fresno but can tell that they have crammed more seats in the jet than the last time I flew it about five years ago. Seats were really tight. Service was fine flight late taking off from Fresno but still made connections with Alaska. Horizon has always offered good service. Normally I fly from PUW to SEA and find the service out of Pullman to be excellent.
Having had a great outbound flight and reviewed it as such I was a bit apprehensive about our return flight from Florence to Gatwick. Nothing to worry about as it was also fine. Left on time arrived at Gatwick a few minutes early. Efficient check in at Florence airport and friendly service on board. Only comment is that we had paid for extra legroom seats by the emergency exit and mine was by the window and it is a different design from the others in the row and was uncomfortable. Fortunately we were able to move to other seats in the same row across the aisle. So I would suggest you avoid a window seat by emergency exit  maybe we were just very lucky.
I fly Manchester  London City with VLM on most Friday mornings the 9.30 am flight and it appears to be a reliable service. Wheels up is normally at 9.45 and you are on the ground again at 10.30. A good price of £41 all inclusive is available if you book about 3 weeks in advance. It is not a lot quicker than the train for city centre to city centre travel but in my case I am going from South Manchester to Essex and there is an hours time saving.
  Great attention to detail, the staff is really nice and the service is very comfortable, bigger leg room in comparison of other similar airlines like Thai Lion and the catering service was really good for a regional airline, although there were not many choices but a hot meal on a relatively short flight with tea and coffee is an attention that makes it a very pleasant experience
  Shanghai to Hong Kong. Came from Budapest and had a smooth transit in Shanghai where I boarded the China Eastern flight to Hongkong on an A321. It was early morning 2nd January 2020. Priority boarding at gate as SKY team silver card. Onboard, newspapers were given Chinese. Shared monitors showed some educational movies from underwater sea world which was nice and informative, texted in English. Food was limited to a tidy pack of biscuits. Drinks were unlimited water, tea, coffee, beers, but only for 1 hour while the flight lasted additional 50 Minutes. During descend services closed down until landing. That leaves passengers with very limited time of service. FAs were fine. Frequent drink rounds. Button calls answered quickly and needs were addressed instantly. Fair legacy carrier service without pay. Cheap ticket, better product than for most European carriers. Luggage transfer faultless in custody inspected by customs which left a note  nothing missing. Full flight. On time. Mileage rendered to Skyteam account. Jetties availed for aircraft entering and exit. What is needed is a hot meal, extended time of service, and individual IFE.
  This is my first time review for an airline company after my terrible experience with their customer service.  Flair Airline refused my request to refund my money when I had mistake checking online. Im only have 1 check in bag and they were showing up my total amount $82 need to pay but I dont know why after I check out with my credit card, I saw they charged me 2 check in bag and when I asked for refund they refused to do that. They told me that they cannot refund my money for the second one. Im okay with that only few dollars but I felt so terrible with the answer. I will never choose this airline again. Cheap price but bad service. Thanks
  I cannot emphasize how disgusted I am by this company. They advertise being affordable, and then you have to pay $90 for each checkin bag, and $90 for any carryon. Absolutely ridiculous, and they are a total scam. I also saw someone in the airport be denied entry into the flight because the personal luggage that they had approved when he checked in was being deemed as too large. They werent letting him into the flight and said he needed to pay $90 to make it a carryon. He went to speak to a manager, and after taking their time and delaying the flight for 45 mins, they expedited the process and quickly shut the doors, and left him behind. Then, after paying all that money, my bag is left behind. Im livid. Additionally, Ive never been on some uncomfortable seats in an airplane ever.  I really dont know how this airline is still standing. They definitely should be shut down. 
  My flight for July 19th was cancelled by Ethiopian airlines, since 1 month now I am chasing them for a refund. Customer service is incompetent with basic spelling and huge English language understanding issues. If by some miracle you will get through 1h of waiting on hold to go through the customer service call you will face unbelievable issues where a simple task seems impossible to achieve and a refund status follow up is more difficult than a trip to Mars. I will never use this airline again.
  Prague to Malaga. Excellent airline. Boarding was fast and easy, cabin crew were super friendly, aircraft was new and clean, and the food quality was super. The only problem is that the WiFi didnt work, but that happens  so, all in all, excellent airline highly recommended.
  I recently flew return from Sydney  London. As a family of four with 2 children. 17 month year old, and a 3 year old. I cant thank JAL enough for the exceptionally high standards they provided. From check in at the front desk to the plane journey. It was so smooth and comfortable, and the food was delicious. I also want to mention how they let us board first due to having young children. We are very grateful for this it was a fantastic experience. Thank you so much, look forward to flying with JAL again in the near future.
  Moscow to Nizhnekams. The checkin crew were friendly and professional. The boarding process was a bit unorganized because we had a delay for about 45 minutes. On board the crew welcomed us with a drink wich smelled good and fresh. The cabin was a bit old but the legroom was excellent and the seat comfortable. It was a night flight so we got only a sandwich. The sandwich smelled good. All in all it was a very good flight with a professional and friendly crew.
  I flew Business Class to Las Palmas from Cardiff. Flights excellent and ontime, I couldnt fault their performance. What overshadowed the whole trip was the way in which I was treated in Madrid Airport by a gate clerk. I entered the wrong line for priority boarding and eventually was able to join the correct line. For some reason this angered the woman at the gate who decided to explode with anger at me for no reason about why I was in the wrong queue etc. I was so shocked by her behaviour. When I told her off for speaking to me in such an aggressive way and I took back my passport with a curt thank you she ran down the jetty leaving her desk and other passengers to verbally abuse me more.  I have never experienced anything quite like it in 15 years of flying Iberia. I put in a complaint about her behviour but heard nothing back.  Totally appalling experience and never again.
 JFKFRA  Business operated by Smart Lynx Check in was ok and used the lounge in Terminal 1. Plane arrived 15 min late from FRA and had a bus position. I went to gate 11 when boarding suppose to start. Gate 11 area was crowded to an extent where people were not able to move. The area got hot and everybody try to vent. The ground crew arrived from check in and were lounginghiding behind the Gate counter. Nobody cared. No announcement  nothing. Numerous people asked at gate, what is going on? We did find out the crew is arriving late. The crew arrived late and waited 45 min behind Gate 11 counter for the bus to take them to the A330. Why? The situation at the gate was unbearable and people got angry and upset. Nobody cared  no and I meant to say zero nada zip announcement made...Why? Now the delay of 15 min had grown to 2 hours. Finally we Group 1 got on the bus to the airplane, but the bus stopped at the plane and we waited...10 minutes...20 minutes...30 minutes...the packed bus got hot and people were screaming, what is going on. No answer. Nobody cared. Passengers knocking on the bus windows to signal but not even the ramp agent or any other cared or responded. The bus driver yelled, he does not know. After 40 minutes we got off the bus and did board the plane to wait another 45 minutes. The blame was its all JFK fault. The water did not arrive and and and but even with all that not a single Condor ground crew member did anything to ease the situation...they did not care. The cabin crew had to take all the heat and questions for the now almost 4 hour delay and chain of mishaps but they did a good job.
  Second time booked on this airline and second time I got rebooked on a different airline of the same group with a different departure time. For this flight I was booked on a late afternoon flight and 18 hours before they changed my booking into a flight leaving five hours earlier. A bit of a nuisance, but such things often happen with domestic flights in Indonesia. Ten minutes before departure the plane was nowhere to be seen, so surely there would be a delay, which eventually was announced. Strangely I received simultaneously a phone call from their mother company, Lion Air, informing the Super Air Jet flight was cancelled and me being rebooked on a Lion Air flight leaving in 30 mins. Officially the original Super Air Jet was not cancelled, and I presented myself at the gate asking for information, telling about the phone call I had received. The gate agent told me I was was right and I would receive a new boarding card. Others were standing at the gate and overheard the conversation and asked the agent why they were not informed, not to mention rebooked or to receive the same service. No answers given to the others and indeed I received five minutes later a new printed boarding pass for my Lion Air flight. I was the only one offered this. Interesting was that the Lion Air flight was 23 booked. Upon arrival in Jakarta I checked on my original Super Air Jet flight and saw it left Lombok one hour after Lion Air left. Dont know what triggered this whole thing, also because the original flight to be taken wasnt overbooked. On the other hand I was grateful for the rebooking. The conclusion of me flying with Super Air Jet is I would love to write a report about them, if one day they give me the opportunity to effectively fly with them and they dont rebook two times out of two I was bumped off.
  Manchester to Portland via New York JFK. Good points Smooth flights and food okay. Bad points Booked premium economy at approx £500 extra, as it was our first long haul journey. Arrived at the airport and checked in, no problem. After going through security, found that our first flight was delayed by two hours. No problem as we had a four hour layover at JFK. During the flight, drinks were included but they only came round once except for a wine with our meal! I know it doesnt specify how many drinks but you do expect more than one service! Just before landing we were informed that a representative from Thomas Cook would be there to assist us with our onward journey, once we had cleared immigration. At immigration we were told we had to collect our cases and check them in with JetBlue for the next leg of our journey. Baggage transfer was also supposed to be included in the premium package. We collected our bags and looked for the person from Thomas Cook. We couldnt see them so found our way to the correct terminal and to the JetBlue check in desk. The queue was so long that we missed the flight, despite them putting us in the priority lane. When we reached the desk we were told that we had already been booked on a later flight  instead of travelling at 4.59pm we had been booked on to the 22.40pm flight! Not impressed as you can imagine as we reached our final destination over five hours late. When we arrived at Portland Jetport for the first leg of our return journey we couldnt check in as there was a problem with the ticketing. Even though we had the paperwork and it was showing on the airlines system that we were booked on it, they said a change had been made and they would have to contact Thomas Cook to rectify it. This was taking ages and at one point, the JetBlue staff said it would be unlikely that we would make the flight. We eventually got our boarding passes and made it to gate just 15 minutes before it opened! After a five hour layover at JFK we were finally on the last leg. Only one drinks service on the return journey, even though it was a night flight, would have been good to be offered tea or coffe or other soft drink. Stressful, annoying and very poor service considering we paid £1600 inc the upgrade to premium.
 LAXRNO. Only carryon bags so no airport checkin needed. Thru TSA and right to the gate. Flight was about 30 minutes late but we were informed. 2230 hrs departure so airport fairly quiet. Plane arrived and departed super fast and was only half full of passengers which was nice. Standard beverage and snack offered. Crew were in a good mood as it was their last flight of the day. Smooth quick flight to Reno. Landed, exited and in our car all within 15 minutes. Southwest is always our first go to when flying in and out of Reno.
  It was my first time travelling with Volotea, the best airline that I have travelled with. Every step of the checking process went smoothly, the staff was very professional and kind. The boarding was fast and organized, and the flight attendants were very skilled. We arrived at our destination several minutes before the expected arrival time. I definitely recommend it.
  Finnair sells flights from Helsinki to Barcelona. However, without any notice to the passenger beforehand they are flown by Iberia with old, untidy planes, the only serving during the 4 hours flight coffee and a muffin. No sales of any additional food or drinks. On the way back they ran out of toilet paper in one of the tourist class toilets.
Checking in at 0600 in Cape Town along with my husband and 20 month old baby for our flight back to Whk at 0800 we were casually informed that our plane was inserviceble and would hopefully be ready for departure at 1000. Needless to say that did not happen and we departed at 1800 that evening without much of an explanation or apology. My husband dared his next venture with Air Namibia on 21 March and was casually informed 5hours before his flight that it was cancelled but had been rebooked on a SAL flight to be booked in within 2 hours which turned out not to be true after confirming the booking with SAL ourselves. We live 500km away from Whk and cannot be on standby to be ready for their flight changes as it suits them! We have always been regular travelers with Air Namibia but unfortunately it seems not to be safe anymore to rely on their unserviceable planes or their inconsiderate service.
Flew LuandaLisbon on business class. Boeing 777 very clean. Inflight entertainment system was not working and the reading light also so the only available option was to try to sleep. Meals not very good but the crew was very friendly.
  Singapore to Dhaka. Flew with Regent Airways for the first time today. Is it the airline policy not to provide blankets to passengers? I thought it was a given in any airline.The staff mentioned to a male passenger it will be hot later on the plane so no need for blanket. What kind of explanation is that? Paying for ticket is also paying for the service and goods within the airline for that period of travel for usage. Also, the staff serving are not happy and dont smile.  They should improve their service attitude.
 Flight was cancelled due to an accident the day before, I was automatically rebooked to a flight 6 days later with two long layovers. After much complaining I was eventually offered a flight that is only 4 days late, still with two long layovers. I accepted the offer, got no response or confirmation, and when I did get a response that offer was gone. I said anywhere in the right country works if it will get me home sooner and quicker and showed multiple screenshots of the tickets for better flights they still had available for purchase on their website for four times the price of my original return ticket of course. They denied that those were actually available and eventually offered me the same two and a half day journey arriving four days late but to a different city this time. I have only flown KLM twice, and both times they have cancelled my flight home and I have spent hours trying to get a solution out of their support. I am still stuck in a different country so cant comment on the claims process yet, but based on my other interactions with the company Im sure I will be stuck with the bill.
  Dont fly with ITA. The staff is rude and disrespectful. My flight was delayed for two hours without any communication. Its the worst flight on my entire life
  Sunshine Coast to Sydney. Whilst the flight was nice, I would only choose it if I was flying on a connecting Qantas flight afterwards as for a 1 hour 15minute flight Jetstar still has better value for money. Great experience, but for double the price to Jetstar its just not worth it if you value your money over a small increase in comfort. Seat Comfortable with plenty of padding and support, but a bit narrow. However, its better than no padding at all Jetstar. Legroom Decent, but I wouldnt want to spend long in it, for someone who is 6 1, about an inch to spare. Cabin Crew Helpful and polite, very professional and well kept. Kudos to QantasLink there. Food  Drink Served As a morning flight 630 takeoff a tasty scroll, juicy apple, some berries and a cup of tea were welcome and completely complementary. Aircraft Overall The Boeing 717 is surprisingly quiet and is overall very nice to be on. As an aviation fan it has some very cool wing views from row 13,14 and 15, but for me Id say the best are 16 and 17, as they have an awesome engine view. However, if you are not a plane nerd like myself, I would not recommend them as they are louder than the rest of the cabin. Quieter Seats are found forward of row 9. In Flight Entertainment Whilst onboard WIFI and IFE is free for business travelers, economy passengers must rent IFE at an extra cost. For this flight it was no problem, and the inseat literature were enough for the short hop.
  Their system lost my return flight booking change and never told me. On May 19th changed return flight through their online system, paid 32GBP change fee credit card email showing charge and received confirmation email that my flight was successfully changed to AA 106 on June 16th. Their website showed my flight as AA 106 on June 16th. Never received any error emails. Week of departure tried to add passenger details and after 3 separate calls and waiting hours on hold and taking to 3 different people, was told that their system never completed the flight change booking with AA! They told me I now had to pay 180 GBP for the flight change because of their system failure. No apologies for their colossal screwup. What if I hadnt checked until going to the airport and then finding that they never completed the booking. How are they allowed to operate like this?
 To be fair, I dont know whether this is partly an airport fault. We were booked on a flight due for take off at 2.50pm. The airport board said check in opened 12.20. We joined the queue at 12.15. Check in did not start until 12.30, and then only one desk, not two, for another few minutes. At the departure lounge, the board said gate displayed 2.15. At 2.15 we went to Gate 1, which we had been advised of by Special Assistance. I have a problem with steps so required the lift to the plane. When the flight was announced, we were taken to the lift, which has comfy seats, fortunately. We could see the other passengers queuing in the cold wind and gathering clouds. At 2.30, the fueller was still operating. The Special Assistance guy looked in the cabin through the window, tried the emergency door, but there was no response at first. We could see the cockpit crew in the plane. All I can assume is that cleaning took longer than usual. Given that the flight was supposed to take off at 2.50, the delay in boarding seems odd, but then so does fuelling, when the plane had been standing for about an hour, and the airport was anything but busy. Eventually, about 2.40, the cabin crew opened the door and we were allowed entry. The plane was beautifully clean. The cabin crew were smiley and friendly, but how those poor people with toddlers and babies, who had been standing in the cold were feeling, I have no idea. Incidentally, the stance Tui uses is quite a walk from the terminal, and only part of it is under cover. Given the inclement weather conditions in Aberdeen generally, its unfortunate, to say the least. BA has covered airbridges from the terminal for its flights. Maybe its a cost thing for Tui? The pilot announced something about possibly missing our slot, worst case scenario half hour wait. We either were allowed to go late or stole another flights slot but took off fairly quickly. However, both hubby and myself noticed excessive air pressure change on take off and landing of this flight. Its not something weve noticed before. I cant say it was a different aircraft it looked like any other Just not impressed with Tui this time around. It has always been my flight provider of choice, but I maybe need to think again.
TimisoaraMunich. The flight was 1h 50 min and operated on a SAAB 2000 which was in pretty good shape  I believe these are former Crossair props. Was offered a decent breakfast on this flight although a little bit disappointed that the cheese omlette was cold. Otherwise good selection of drinks and friendly crew. Overall a good deal for the price! Would fly them again.
  They dont have any type of consideration and respect. I have my cousin that they wont let her board to the gate. Not even do her check in just because she was 2 hrs before the flight. They wanted her to be there 3 hrs before. I cant understand whats the difference between 2 hrs and 3hrs before the departure.  When she was talking to them they simply ignored her.
  Business class service bad from start to end. Two meals only for 13h flight with non edible snacks in between, staff with visible attitude,  no amenity kits, lounge with horrible choice of food and drinks. Lost luggage handled disastrously. Customer service just gives you phone numbers to call in the US and says I cannot do nothing I try help you On the positive note, seats are comfy to sleep and given the service the best thing to do onboard is indeed to sleep.
  In Doha no business class bus was given, just a separate economy bus. Wi fi was not available. I eat gluten free, when I asked for my meal it took an hour before receiving it. Suggestion to have details of the meal available on screen as I was sure what I would get exactly, just that it was chicken. It was delicious though. Friendly helpful staff except that tables dont get cleared quickly.
 A seriously underrated airline from Africa. The overall flight experience from Mumbai to Tel Aviv and back was uneventful. The quality of meals served was OK and the airline accommodates passengers in a threestar hotel when the layover is more than six hours. Value for money. Some room for improvement cleanliness of toilets.
 Manila to Chicago via Seoul. Ground crew in Manila are approachable and knowledgeable. The flight crew from Seoul to Chicago are efficient but I noticed that they dont often serve juicesdrinks during the midflight especially when the lights are dimmed. You need to call their attention if you need drinks.
  Taipei to Frankfurt. I am really upset about China Airline customer service and the abuse of regulations. I book my tickets via Expedia, and Expedia asks their users to input the names as Family name, Middle Name, First Name. I input as it asks and they arrange my name as Western Order by Family name First Name Middle Name. This is a common way, even western government department does this to Asian name order. When I booked my ticket, Expedia forwarded my info to China Airline and I got charged 100€ for changing my name on the tickets. I booked through Expedia all the time with other Airlines and there has been no problem. With the pressure in the airport, I had to pay. Later I contact China Airline with this complaint and they act like this is my fault. That is really ignorant attitude from China Airlines. I explained to them in details, and they were pushing the problems to their regulation and Expedia. I am sure this is a systematic problem between Expedia and China Airlines, however the customer is the one that is blamed and paid the money. They reject my claim and complaint and complaint but doesnt do better than abusing their regulations towards customers. As my first time flying, I feel mistrusted towards this airline.
  I fly often on budget airlines and Lynx has been my worst experience so far. There was no online check in option due to technical issues. Thus, I arrived at the airport 4 hours early just to find out that the flight had been delayed 3 hours, no email update given. If you dont mind a lot of stress, cancelling travel plans, and spending hundreds more than you planned then this is your airline.
  Taipei to Xian. Checkin, security and customs very fast. The best part of the checkin counter was that Hainan airlines staff very friendly and help me, my wallet lost at checkin counter, and the Hainan staff very fast delivery to lounge for me. Flight attendants are friendly. Good food in business class, look like in the five star restaurant. I would definitely fly with Hainan airlines in the future.
  On my first flight from DXB to Addis, there was a delay due to the weather conditions in Addis. While this delay is beyond Ethiopian Airlines control, unfortunately, there was no prior information given to passengers in Dubai, despite a delay of 6 hours. The more severe issue was, that inflight, when I went to the bathroom at the rear of the aircraft, there were two flight attendants sleeping on the jump seats in the galley.
 Im so done with this airline, I wouldnt fly it if its the only option I have. The employees clearly hate their jobs and treat the customers very poorly. I had a woman yell at me as I was standing with my parents while they were checking in because we were traveling together. She was the only one checking bags and moving at a snails pace which caused my parents to miss their flight because they were 2 minutes late in checking their bags. Then neglected to tell them they would be flying standby the following day. This is just one example of the customer experience I have had with this airline. Avoid at all costs!
  Business class was the old style seats but I found them comfortable and functional. The service was good and not overly familiar. The food was very good and the wines okay.  At least there was a camera operating and the navigation system was okay. This was a very good flight and I slept most of the way. 
  I had bought extra 15kg bag when I bought my ticket. However, in Melbourne they couldnt check in my bags so they did manual checked in from Kuala Lumpur to Kathmandu. I havent received my bag and its been 4 days. I am never flying with this airline. I keep on calling airport but no help till yet. This has just ruined my start of holidays.
  San Francisco to Mumbai via Beijing. Flight was delayed. They put me on a Lufthansa flight. I had purchased the ticket for 410 usd and paid 166 usd for an extra baggage. However, since they changed my flight to Lufthansa, I had to pay the Lufthansa extra baggage charges which was 287 usd. More than half my ticket price.  When I emailed Air China, and requested a refund of 166 usd plus the extra charges I had to pay to Lufthansa beyond the 166 usd, I received no reply to the email. I received a refund of the 166 usd I had paid them. This is unethical business conduct and bad customer service !
  Ridiculous disaster that is embarrassing to say the least. They didnt update their scheduling software! I have had to buy another ticket with another airline two days later than I was due home. Ive missed work, had to pay for two more nights in a hotel than expected. The weather was bad in some parts of the country, but  other airlines are up and on schedule. Not Southwest, because of all those canceled flights, Southwest was responsible for 90 percent of those cancellations. This was my first and last time flying Southwest. Shame on you Southwest, you have failed a lot of people in this country .
  Preflight and during were fine, average what you expect from a budget airline. Upon arriving in Istanbul, I found out my luggage wasnt there. Because another flight came in in 2 days, I had to wait three days for delivery of my luggage. Customer service and communication were okay. Contact couldnt be done through email though. Pegasus Airlines desk at the airport told me it was the mistake of the luggage handling company at the airport I was flying from. However, the luggage handling company told me it was the other way around. To save time I didnt take it to court.
My family just returned from a nice vacation at Curacao. We flew Insel Air from Charlotte NC direct to Curacao. No complaints regarding the outbound and return flights. The outbound flight was on time and the return flight was  30 minutes delayed. Insels customer service was above par. Previously to taking the flight I was sceptical about flying on Insel given some of the reviews however our experience was quite good so we will definitely fly Insel again.
  Bangkok to Hanoi. I booked this flight months in advance but found it difficult to find out if I could check in on line. I was eventually told no. A day before the flight I was sent an email asking if I wanted to check in on line. I tried around 10 times but their system crashed every time. When we arrived at DMK we asked where we should check in we were directed to a queue which didnt move for 20 minutes. I asked again and was told that our check in desk was at the other end of the terminal. Although I had already paid to upgrade my luggage allowance they tried to charge me again. They also changed my seat allocation without informing me and unfortunately I did not check. The situation at the boarding gate was chaotic and, at times, downright dangerous. Our flight was significantly delayed but there was never any notification that it had been, let alone why. Gates were being changed and, at one time, three different flights from two different airlines were being told that they were boarding form the same gate. There was zero communication from the gate staff who seemed as confused as the passengers as to what was happening. Several ugly scenes arose as flights were boarded without anyone knowing which one. Twice we tried to board the wrong flight. Twice our flight disappeared completely from the indicator board and no one at the desk could explain why. The leg room on the flight was derisory and, while I am not the slimmest person on the planet, I do expect to be able to lower my table fully. This was truly the most awful flight experience I have ever experienced and we have flown with Ryanair several times. We will never fly with this airline again. I would rather pay twice the price than have to endure this experience again.
  Flight delayed by nearly two hours. Very little info given on the ground. Crew friendly enough in that Ryanair way where theyre fine as long as you dont make them do any work or challenge them. Middle seat so extremely uncomfortable. Amused by how Ryanair make a huge fuss about arm rests being down yet will happily sell you a scalding hot coffee five minutes before landing! On board announcements very hard to understand as the crew were clearly non English speakers attempting to read from a script.
  Its one if the worst experience I have had in this past few months. They let us burn and waiting for the Maintenance to do their job. Probably we spent 2 hours waiting on the plane without AC.  Its only shows and Approve the lack of supervision and how decision can make a different. This should not happen and we should not waiting for someone to happen and trying to fix it. 
  Worst customer service ever. The staff at embarking point particularly a lady checking the boarding pass was super rude, she did not hide her anger against many customers. She accused us multiple times of breaking the line, while she was allowing people of later groups to skip in front of us, then when my husband asked why, she threatened him to not allow us to embark, it was very unprofessional.
An airline has a duty to post departure and arrival times correctly, and be on time according to the schedule. During my first and only experience flying with Cayman Airways, they failed to meet these standards, on both the outbound flight and return flight in what one would expect to be a short, easy flight from Tampa to Grand Cayman. Not only were both flights delayed, the first flight delayed by over 4.5 hours, Cayman Airways posted incorrect information including a flight number that wasnt operating that day, and another flight posting the old departure time with the new arrival time, a difference of 3 hours after calling the airline, the flight was delayed and the departure time was listed incorrectly. I do not live in Tampa. Another, more responsible airline was able to change my travel bookings due to missed connections. I also lost a day of my vacation and a day of work, and had to buy 2 nights in an airport hotel in Tampa. Cabin service is lousy unless you are businessfirst class. Once onboard and in transit, it is no problem. The failure of scheduling is major when people have hotels, taxis, and connections to coordinate.
  Urns Molina and Mariete Mayos were extremely helpful with my ticket reservation to Lima. I had missed the flight the day before and wasnt in the system and they figured out a solution and got me on board a flight. I think they went way way above the call of duty helping me and Im very appreciative. Your airline is lucky to have employees like them. Thank you ladies for all your help.
Singapore to Manado with SilkAir, and for an airline that operates short to medium haul services I was disappointed by the lack of entertainment available. Bring your own ipad and you get to watch maybe 6 ancient movies. As a subsidiary of Singapore Airlines I would expect more. Food was chicken spaghetti which was tough spaghetti and 2 chicken nuggets. I dont understand why SQ have such a great product and SilkAir is like a budget carrier.
ARNTLL in Economy. My first experience with Estonian Air was disappointing. What should have been a short 45minhop ended in a 5hourdelay no proper explanation given no offer of rerouting via Copenhagen the only compensation I got was a meal voucher worth 10 euro. Legroom on the B737300 was standard economy class but seats looked pretty wornout. Cabin crew was polite but hardly smiling. To apologize for the delay soft drinks and coffeetea were offered for free but it is the first time ever I am being served coffee in a plastic glass!
 Rome to Buenos Aires. I had to run to the gate as my Alitalia connecting flight from Milan arrived late they did wait for us though. The plane cabin was relatively well maintained, IFE was working properly even though the screens and the choice could be improved. The service was quite quick and the food quite tasty as you would expect by an Italian airline. Theres definitely room for improvement but overall I was pleasantly surprised.
 I flew from Munich to Kochi via Abu Dhabi with an infant and my 5 year old child. We had booked the bassinet seats more than a month prior to the travel and they were confirmed. During online checkin we found that for the second leg, the seats were changed. Initially booked seats were 6A and 6B. However, they moved my seat to 6E and my daughters seat a couple of rows behind and it was not possible to book the seats together online. The flight was the same type. I contacted support and they said it could be a technical fault or something and we can change it at the airport. At Munich airport, they agreed that the change of seats were unacceptable from the automatic assignment and that they cannot make a child sit in another row from the parent. However, they said they cannot change the seat from Munich but the boarding staff should change it at Abu Dhabi airport. At Abu Dhabi, they said the flight is full and we should have got this changed earlier. The cabin crew asked to initially sit in the assigned seat and that they can get us seated together when boarding is complete. I did not want to leave my crying daughter in another row and luckily the person in seat 6F said that he can move to my daughters seat. The seats 6A6D were given to a family with older children. Flying with children is not easy and Etihad made this a really bad experience. We booked Etihad owing to the good schedule even though the price was quite high owing to the holiday period. We sent a complaint 3 weeks ago and we have still not received any replies.
  Easy check in on the way to Heathrow. The flight was on time with no issues. Our return flight to Valencia was booked for the afternoon and our long haul flight arrived early at Heathrow. This was with another airline and was not a connecting flight. I asked at the British Airways check in if we could be put onto the morning flight back to Valencia to avoid seven hours waiting at Heathrow. We had our flights changed with no cost and were checked in within five minutes. That is indeed customer service. Thank you.
 Another chaotic day of travel, with overcrowded airports, waiting, delays etc. Definitely no fun, but surely not the airline to blame for the frustration. Ryanair is cheap and is used by many people, and when you travel with it, you are one of them. No luxury to be expected, but this airline also doesnt pretend anything, which in these days I highly regard compared with many socalled Premium Airlines. It is an airline, which doesnt make vague promises and sticks to what it is a low cost airline, which will take you safely from A to B. Bring your headphones though, as constantly they are communicating about onboard sales, lottery tickets, phone cards etc.
  We flew Hawaiian Airlines back to HNL after a day trip to Kahului to visit hubbys cousin there. The flight HA 395 OGGHNL was using N484HA, a 23 years old B712. The incoming airplane arrived early but there was still another airplane at its designated gate and after waiting for a few minutes they were able to use a different gate so there will be no delay. A relief, since we have to catch a flight out from HNL later that night. Boarding was quite orderly and we were boarded by zones. The flight left on time and arrived in HNL around 10 minutes early. The FAs in this flight were very nice and cheerful, and they have good interactions with the passengers. Within 2025 minutes flight the FAs were able to serve water or juice for passengers, collect all the trash and getting ready to land again. Hawaiian Airlines is a good airline to use for short island hop trips like this, and we enjoyed our flight with them.
  Extremely disappointed with Vistaras inflight food. Expected better from a full service carrier than to be served a baked roll and a bottle of water. My prior journey was with an LCC where I purchased a hot meal and a refreshing beverage.
 After delaying our flight MULTIPLE times, when we finally got close to leaving they announced the flight has been cancelled due to no plane there to take us for our scheduled flight. We lost $1,300 for our hotel that they were not willing to give any compensation for due to them canceling our flight after we had been there for hours. Will never use Allegiant again. It will be worth the money to fly with a larger airline to ensure we are taken care of.
  3 h delay both coming and going and 1 12 h wait on the plane with some sort of mechanical difficulty repairmen coming and gong for that 1 12 h. Waiting areas packed and no place to sit. Weather was not a factor. I would think twice before ever flying Avelo.
  Gold Coast to Melbourne. Zero customer service. Staff so rude. First they sell cheap tickets online later they charge money when u check in. Their staff will not help you they will not listen you. We get their on time to board our flight. We was unable to self check in system was not working . We ask for help their staff told us to process to counter where we had a few people ahead they made us wait more then 40 min. And then said sorry you came late and miss the flight. 
  I flew with Sky Express in early June 2022 which was proved to be a terrible mistake.  Their customer service department is a mess. They lost my luggage and spend my entire holidays without it. There is no phone number to contact and all the communication was done by email. They are slow in responding and never reply to all the questions you ask. They just say what they want to say and thats it. After spending most of my holidays, they notified me that they could compensate 30.00 EUR per day.  They did not even apologise for the inconvenience! Two months after, I still havent received any compensation. Save yourselves and seek alternative airlines. T
  If you enjoy getting furious and having travel plans completely screwed then book a flight with Boutique. Standing at the airport, no notice of cancellation and customer service simply says nothing we can do. Absolutely horrible in every way possible.
  Saint Marie to Antananarivo. What an absolute pleasure flying with this new airline, Madagasikara Airways. Finally competition to Air Madagascar, with prices half the price of the national airline, reliable ontime departure, convenient schedules, and complimentary drink and snacks onboard with an extremely friendly cabin attendant who made announcements in 3 languages! Planes are serviced in South Africa. Sad to see that despite all this, the plane was only half full  hopefully more will hear of it as it really deserves to succeed!
  Chiang Mai to Bangkok. This company operates a scam on baggage costs where the website and call centre will not accept pre payment for checked baggage and then when you arrive to the airport they charge exorbitant fees per kilo working out to be 4x the price of ticket in first place.They then recommended us to buy a new ticket with 20kg luggage included which worked out cheaper, then on complaining they eventually recommended itd be cheaper for it to go on a cargo flight instead! Ridiculous. The staff were rude and unhelpful. Then the flight was delayed and the seats so uncomfortable with no legroom.
  After the disappointing reviews about LOT, we lowered our expectations to a minimum. As it turns out, it was a pleasant, comfortable experience from start to finish. The flight was slightly delayed by 45 minutes of which 25 minutes were made up en route. The service was impeccable. The seats are one or two generations back, reminding us of 777 biz class seating 5 years ago but clean. The food was fine, not great but not bad. Another delightful surprise awaited us at Warsaw airport. We had read about lines for immigration to get to connecting flights but were amazed to exit our gate, turn left, walk a couple of hundred meters and find ourselves at our next gate! All In all, a good experience.
  I am traveling from Jeddah to Bali using this airline for the first time and will be the last. Flight No. BI002 on 1st Feb 2020. Our flight had to land in Dubai due to a passenger critical health case which had him to be hospitalized urgently. However after waiting for long hours, we have been informed that flight has been cancelled, lost our transit flight and still waiting at Dubai airport for very long hours with big mess, no Hotel, no idea when is our flight. Thanks to Royal Brunei Airlines for making from our honeymoon bad experience.
Have flown Insel multiple times from MIA to PAP. Good service small but good meals served for free and ticket price is always better than others. Crew is friendly and helpful. MD80 aircraft is older but comfortable and appears well maintained. Smooth ontime flights every time Ive flown with them. Looking forward to flying Insel again soon.
  Kochi to Kuwait. Good and very attentive ground staff. They drop the business class passengers personally to the immigration after check. The flight was on time. Overall good experience with Kuwait Airways again. Looking forward to fly with them again.
  The queueing to board is haphazardly organized whenever I fly Air Canada, but overall I have no criticisms. Our seats, 21AC, had really excellent legroom with a lot of room in the footwell and a clean window. There was no seatback TV, but instead a really handy clip to hold your iPad. Service is PAYGO, so it is a bit intrusive when theyre selling food, and the seats could stand to have a bit more padding, but for a domestic transcon flight it was quite good enough for 45 hours and I would not hesitate to book again. Baggage was handled properly with no issues.
Tehran to Kerman. Iran domestic flight. Cant say I was looking forward to this flight as Iranian airlines have a chequered history. The check in was very fast despite the disorganised queuing arrangements. One female agent checked in the whole flight herself. The aircraft A300 was very old and it showed. Very shabby inside. The 8am flight was full and the air con was not very efficient so everyone was overheating. Seat pitch standard for short haul economy. Safety announcements in English and Farsi on overhead monitors. Interestingly just before take off the video showed soothing images accompanied by what I presume was religious texts read by a comforting voice. It had a nice calming effect. Live camera in the nose gave us a captains view of take off and landing. Breakfast was ok  usual pastries juice and jam. Tea was very nice. 90 minute flight touched down on time. Most of my fellow travellers seemed to be business men but some families also. The mostly female cabin crew worked hard and were very pleasant even though their khaki green uniforms were not the most attractive. Overall I was glad when we landed. Safe and on time. Not an airline I would recommend but this was a basic domestic service and its an airline I had to use as its the only one on this route. The aircraft on the return journey was in far better condition.
  Horrible experience at Sheremetyevo Airport. Huge queue for checkin across the whole airport, not organized with lots of people cutting it. Very poor communication to passengers. Aeroflot representative said it is not their responsibility how their clients organize themselves in all that mess. Almost missed my flight was called from the queue and then had to rush through passport control and security for the boarding. Flight attendants were good though.
  I was taking a fullpriced Delta ATLJFKLIS flight on January 10, 2023. Unfortunately my ATLJFK flight was delayed, which would cause me to miss the connecting flight to LIS. Delta rerouted me ATLCDGLIS via partnership with Air France, and give me an upgrade to Business due to the equivalent class was not available, but the Business still shows availability. At the gate, Air France counter person insulted me You have only paid $300 and want to fly Business? I was trying to inquire if she was looking at my ATL to JFK portion of fare as I actually paid 3 times as much for my round trip. After she downgraded me and issued my ATLCDG boarding pass, I requested the second portion CDGLIS, and told her I wanted to see a manager. She yelled at me I am the manager! when I requested to see her badge as she was wearing her badge front side inward, she replied You cannot see my badge. When I insisted, she said I am deboarding you now! and she did knock on the keyboard to start the deboarding! At this time, a Delta counter person printed out CDGLIS boarding pass for me. The nightmare continued in CDG when I was told I was not in Air France systems, so I cannot fly to LIS. However, the lady at CDG counter immediately escalated and resolved the situation. What a sharp contrast between the two employees from the same company! The Air France counter person in Atlanta I still do not know her name was rude and was all snappy and powerful when dealing with customers. The moment she said I am deboarding you now! I knew I was not talking to a normal person. While waiting to be boarded, a few other Delta passengers complained that she also charged them luggage fees  ignoring Delta policies. I am deboarding you now! was the last nail on the coffin, goodbye Air France! No one flies just for fun, we have destinations, schedules, people to meet and things to do. I can accept Deltas delay but the power trip of deboarding at Air France must be stopped!
Only flew internal flights 3 legs on AN24. Drinks beer or cider provided on the 2 longer legs. No IFE. FAs spoke reasonable English and were friendly. No safety demonstration and the overhead bins were just overhead shelves. I like the way you can push the empty seats all the way forward so they lie flat in a halfempty plane its a good option for more leg room! There is no choice flying domestic in DPRK but Air Koryo provided good entertainment.
  Seoul to Singapore. My friend and I packed some snacks and drinks on the flight and while settling down in our seats are so inconvenient as there are other passengers walking along the aisle. Cabin staff took initiative to help us hold on to our food as we are putting our carryon luggage at the overhead cabinet and waited patiently till were done with putting our carry on luggage. Throughout the flight she smiled while serving food, drinks or even just walking down the aisle. Hoping that this compliment will reach her so that she could keep up her good work. However the downside of the seat is the legroom is too small for my legs if theres wider legroom it would be more comfortable. Nonetheless, I would fly Asiana Airlines again if I ever have a chance to visit Korea again.
  Toronto to New York La Guardia. Quick 1 hour flight. I found the seat on the E145 to be more comfortable than that on the Air Canada Rouge 767, which is good. Staff were very helpful, overall had a great experience.
  Took the flight from Bangalore to Kochi and back. This was my first trip on Akasa. I was impressed with their efficiency, punctuality, courteous and friendly staff and clean flights. The flight landed early both ways.
  Flew Berlin to Munich. Delays and problems with handling luggage is not addressed here since this might be an issue of the airports. Nevertheless it is unbelievable what Air Berlin delivers to its customers. 1 The system delivers a seat which cannot be changed  if you are about 63 its a real pleasure to have a middle seat. 2 Air Berlin might have economic problems but that does not mean they must give cheapen their customerrelationship. I am German and so try to use German Airlines but AB is a shame. 
Johannesburg to Cape Town on an early departure 0605. The seats are comfortable and Breakfast was tasty. The crew were professional and friendly. Arrived on time and no problems experienced.
Good flight from BerlinTegel to London Heathrow, no problems or delays, very friendly staff. Delay on our flight back to Berlin wasnt on behaf of Germanwings. I always choose Germanwings because of that bigger legroom on the Smart Fare.
  Had selected hindu veg meals on booking directly on thai smile website but never provided, upon talking to Flight Attendant, they said sorry it doesnt show up at my end. I had someone overlook the selection when booking. Overall flight was average, old planes, no entertainment, uncomfortable seats. Leg space was okay so that is plus. Check in counters were minimal so took longer in flight but staff was friendly there. Thai smile website didnt have good english translation and technical issues, for example, even if selected meals as Hindu Vegetarian for both passengers, it never was assigned to me. Upon talking to fight attendants no help was offered and was not able to eat both ways.
RUHJED return. Check in a breeze no queues staff efficient but a few smiles would not go astray. Boarding quick new A320 with 2930 pitch. Interior clean new looking pay for service was good value if not limited. Flight on time and bags on the belt within 510 minutes. Both flights full and cheep and cheerful at only 390 riyal about 70 euro  cannot go wrong with this service especially with no hidden extras bags go free no issue with hand luggage etc. One negative was the safety on landing but I think it s just a middle east thing  why do passengers get up and start taking bags etc from the bins when the pilot has not turned of the seat belt sign at the stand? Cabin crew do not ask people to sit down.
  Kuwait to Bangkok. It was a very comfortable flight. The flight was on time,aircraft was almost new. Cabin crew was ok attentive, food  beverage above average though no alcoholic beverage available. The toilets were not that clean. The seat, leg room was ok. Would fly again with Kuwait airways.
  Moscow to Vienna via Belgrade. It was my first and the last flight with Air Serbia. I will never fly with this company again. First, I tried to order and pay for it a special meal. The website of Air Serbia is quite bad, many functions do not work and it was no possible to order a special meal on the website in My bookings section. My booking even did not appear on my personal webpage. So, I sent an email with my booking number to Air Serbia. To order a special meal they advised me to call one of the offices of Air Serbia at the airports and order it. I have spent more than 90 minutes in total on the phone trying to reach different offices in Vienna, Moscow, Krasnodar, Copenhagen, Berlin and Belgrade. Every time I was waiting more than 15 minutes on the line and listened to the message Please hold the line, all operators are busy. That time I did not reach the call center by the phone. I sent again an email to their email address, informed them that it is not possible to reach an office, gave them my phone number and asked them to call me back kin order to order a special meal. Nobody called me back and nobody answered to my email. 36 hours before departure I got an email from Air Serbia with an invitation to do online checkin for the flight. I wanted to buy a seat on the first row but in the last step, system did not allow me to proceed with the payment for seat reservation because of a mistake on the website of Air Serbia. So, I decided to call the Air Serbia call centre again. On Jan 6 at 957 Moscow time I finally reached Air Serbia. I asked the agent to help me with online checkin and to order for me a special meal. The agent told me that it is not possible to order a special meal and she does not the reason why it is not possible. She just told me I do not know how I can order in the system a special meal for this flight. As regards online checkin she started to proceed with the booking and after 10 minutes she told me that she cannot choose a seat for me because the seats are already at the airport in Moscow and I can register only at the airport. I told her that it cannot be the truth but she was absolutely useless and did not want to help. She could even hardly speak English. I spent almost 15 minutes on the phone with her and she did absolutely nothing for me. I asked her name for a complaint and she refused to tell it to me. I told her that I hope that the call has been recorded. 2 hours before departure I got an email from them which was obviously an answer to my request which I sent a week ago where another agent wrote me that a special meal should be ordered 24 hours in advance. I think that Air Serbia agents are very unprofessional. It is a mess within a company, the call center does not work, the agents do not care about clients and they simply do not know how to work. The plane from Belgrade to Vienna was extremely old and it was not enough space between seats. The seat in front of me was broken.  As a snack we got two small pieces of cookies and a small bottle of water. I even cannot call it snack. 
  Auckland to Seoul. I found a lot of the business class service systems of Korean Air quite odd whilst the crew were polite and responsive, they are working within a set system that means their business class product is subpar. For example, your menu  which includes the wine list  is taken off you immediately after departure, so you cannot refer back to it. This makes ordering wine particularly difficult. Another thing is that if you order the Korean meal options, then you are deprived of the additional food  such as a soup starter, and bread  that people ordering Western meal options receive. They are not even offered, and as a result, I was starving after my small bowl of rice porridge Ive never been left hungry after a meal, even in Economy class. There was no indication of what snacks were on offer luckily I was sitting next to a frequent flier and he kept ordering interesting snacks and so I followed suit. On a 12 hour, daytime flight, during which two meals were served, there were only two drink runs by the crew  and they were both during the second meal service. I had to constantly request a drink, and at one stage even went to the galley to see what types of wine were available. I really didnt like this approach to service I much rather have the drinks offered, rather than have to proactively request for them. However, this seems to be the way they do things  you wont be offered anything beyond the bare minimum, but staff are happy to respond if you do request things. The IFE was poor  a very limited selection of mainstream movies, and little in the way of reading materials. The seat was comfortable, and the cabin was spotless  including the toilets which were regularly cleaned. So whilst the hard product was good, and the service was polite and efficient, I really felt it was a bare bones service culture and therefore, I did not feel pampered or spoilt, as I usually do in Business class. It really felt they were trying to minimise costs by keeping the food and drink away from the public eye.
 The crew was so friendly and nice. The food was amazing and the seat was comfortable. I loved their Bibimbap and their side dishes. My favorite part of the seat was how much privacy you had
  Adelaide to Port Lincoln on QF2267 Australia Day for the Tunarama Festival. On this short 50minute hop to Port Lincoln, the crew of two did everything possible to ensure the passengers on board had a flawless experience. I was surprised to be offered a muffin and a hot beverage on such a short flight. A few days later on January 28, I flew the return leg PLOADL home on QF2274. Once again, the crew did a fantastic job, and there was even bar service offered where I had a beer along with my snack. To top it off, we even arrived five minutes early into Adelaide, where baggage was already on the carousel!
  Milan to Moscow. Worst services ever. Their online check in didnt work for me. Tried to pay online for the bag couldnt do it as well. At the airport paid 50 Euros, instead of 25€ online. Said that if I wont pay I wont fly. 
  New York JFK to Guayaquil via Quito. Upon arriving at JFK airport to check in we discovered our flight was cancelled. No where does it say it was cancelled until you only check their website. Whatever system they use doesnt interface with Google or Apples search engines to check if your flight is on time or not. This is really bad to start. We needed to be at GYE to check into our hotel. The airline said you can get the next flight the next day and they would pay to shuttle us to the hotel for a day. We asked for a refund and they said you have to go to customer service. We didnt have time for that so we booked another flight with another airline to get to our destination. On the returning flight we went to TAME in GYE airport and they gave us a print out and specific instructions on how to request a refund and it said exactly how much we would get back which was about 2530 of what we paid for the entire ticket not happy about that either, due to taxes. We had originally purchased the tickets through JustFly.com so their reply was to contact them. Justfly and most 3rd party airline bookerss responsibility stops once the flight has taken place. Beyond that theres nothing they can do unless you have bought their insurance plan. So now were in battle where no one wants to take ownership despite doing what the customer service reps are telling us to do. The reply back we got form TAME was a generic reply in Spanish  mind you. to Contact 3rd party in highlight. Wow, you just cant win. I would highly recommend not booking with TAME. Our flight was cancelled for no reason. I wont fly with TAME again.
 Very short 20min flight to Zanzibar and back again from Dar es Salaam with Coastal Aviation. Both flights were on time, and our luggage arrived too. Tiny aircraft and fully booked so quite a squeeze, but comfortable enough for such a short flight. Was very pleasantly surprised with the punctuality and reliability. Would definitely recommend flying Coastal.
MADVALMAD. A very satisfactory flying experience with flights leaving on time. Nice comfortable leather seats well turned out and friendly cabin crew who saw to the needs of my grandson by providing a colouring book and pencils. Light refreshments and newspapers were also provided. A pleasant change from flying budget airlines.
  I traveled to Washington Dc on Porter airlines with wheelchair assist. I left a therapy cushion in the airport lounge. When I asked the flight attendant if someone could get it and bring it onto the still boarding aircraft, she said a ground staffer would bring it. That did not work out, so after a word from the flight attendant, the pilot got off the plane, found the cushion and brought it to me. Magnificent service. Fly Porter.
  Eva Airs slogan Striving for Perfection is a strong strap line yet standards have fallen since Covid. I have used Eva on the London to Bangkok route since they started flying from Gatwick in 1994. Unfortunately my first post Covid flight there are a number of issues which need to be addressed. The InFlight entertainment is not what it used to be with limited choice and a really difficult navigation issue where one has to select ones mood before a small choice appears. Food was mediocre and the vegetarian bread roll is served cold yet standard fayre comes with a hot roll. The evening meal was excellent with fresh salmon and potatoes but my breakfast hash was disgusting. 
  Moscow to Krasnoyarsk. One of the worst customer service in Russia. An absolutely useless customer service. I was overcharged for baggage fees. I was trying to reach out to supervisor for 1month through phone and email and the correspondence was extremely slow and absolutely useless. This company reps are very incompetent and rude and still living in the 20th century.
 Flight got canceled, re routed with a long stop over. Luggage got misplaced, I was asked to report later. Uncomfortable seats with very small leg room and Im not even a tall guy.
  I am very disappointed in the customer service I received. I expected a bit more flexibility to change my ticket considering the new and immediately imposed government lockdown rules in the north of England. I am angry that I cant visit my family, and thats not the airlines fault but I would think they would want to treat their customers well to encourage flying as I would think that some airlines are probably struggling at the moment. Keep the £60 but lose a customer for life. Shame as quite decent flight routes in the UK and checked in bag included in ticket price which most budget airlines charge for. Will be using EasyJet and LoganAir for internal UK flights from now. Regret booking and will always recommend against using Eastern airways.
 I paid for a flight from Atlanta GA to Carlsbad NM. When I arrived at Boutique Air they said they didnt have time to get my luggage from American Airlines. The man at the front desk did not offer solutions he just barked statements about how I wasnt getting my luggage because they arent flying to NM again until Sunday and there wont be room for our checked luggage. When my husband called American Airlines they show that Boutique Air signed for my luggage at 2.02pm so that man at the desk lied to me, they just didnt want to wait or they didnt want the weight. No one at Boutique Air is answering the phone. Ill never fly that little rinky dink plane again. I need my luggage or Ill continue to expand on this review.
Gatwick to Las Palmas return, 1 week apart for holiday purposes myself and my wife. Both ways sat in extra legroom seats by the overwing emergency doors. Outbound extremely unfriendly cabin crew serving from the front of the plane. Going through the motions as far as announcements as if having passengers on the plane was an inconvenience. Went up didnt press the call button to the galley to buy drinks. As the cabin staff was grudgingly serving me drinks the copilot came out of the toilet and asked him how it was going to which he replied he was under attack. We were going on holiday for gods sake, lighten up! Inbound a different aircraft but much nicer crew mostly the same people, a different cabin manager so a different ethic maybe? On my photo of the galley cart you can see the airline mergers and rebrands that have gone into Thomson over the years. Overall will probably end up flying Thomson again if booking a package holiday.
  We waited in line at Thai plus for over 1 hour to checkin. When we got to agent he said checkin for us flight was closed. When i protested how some people had been promoted without going in line and taking a long time to process he then made a phone call. The plane was late and he managed to print passes for us. The place was full and they had 2 only check in agents to handle the customers. There was another agent working but only did 1 group and closed down. 
  3 years has changed the ethos of the Cathay. I checked in from Bangkok at 4.30pm on 1423 to catch a connecting flight to Narita via Hong Kong. In Bangkok I requested to be seated with my wife. The staff said that the Hong Kong Narita seating can only be changed in Hong Kong. When we reached Hong Kong we waited 30 min to be attended to and was informed that the seating could only be changed at the boarding gate. The staff were only present at 12.15am for a 1.20am flight. When they arrived, I asked about the seat change and I was just answered seat remains the same. Cannot change  that was the staffs exact words. I just walked away and swore never to fly Cathay again. Cathay has deteriorated in quality so rapidly.
Having read LIATs reviews I was dreading flying with them. However our experience was excellent. We flew in a new plane from St Lucia to Dominica. I booked 6 months in advance there were no schedule changes. The flight was on time. The customer service was friendly and helpful. The price was good. I couldnt fault the service. Hopefully the companys new planes will help it to continue to improve.
 Pathetic, cancelled the flight 5 days before it happened and said it was too much time to give me a recompensation. I reached out 2 months ago asking if I could move the flights since I was afraid they would cancel them they had free moving flights on their main page and they didnt respond.
  Kumasi to Accra. Very bad service, my flight was delayed over 2hours and there was no communication from the staff as to the time we will board the flight. Neither did they show any sense of sympathy towards our being delayed. They completely ignored us knowing that theres not much we can do. It mess up my business trip . I will surely not use this service again.
  On 28 March I went to catch the return leg of my flight from Colombo to Bangalore only to be told at checkin that my ticket had been suspended  I objected stating Id had no communication about this from the airline  no refund of monies paid. After multiple interactions at the terminal the Airline told me the only way I could revive the ticket was to pay another $188. I noted I had already paid for the ticket. The ticket was a valid ticket notwithstanding the suspension placed on it. I noted they were holding me over a barrel snd demanding a duplicate payment for a ticket. I had to get back to Bangalore. There was no apology. No offer to correct. I have subsequently complained and sought a refund. Ive received no refund although they have promised in very ambiguous language that I may get a refund in the future. They wont commit to refunding the full amount of the additional monies they appropriated from me. I find this incredible and there is only only word I can think of to describe their behaviour.
Fantastic airline featuring Business Class only seats, flying from Luton to Newark. We paid about £900 each return, cheaper than BA economy on the dates we flew. It is a small airline but one of the best flights Ive had. Its not going to compete with the likes of Qatar Airways but you cant beat the value. The seats arent completely lie flat but the seat pitch is 60 and very acceptable. The staff were exceptional and the experience was like being a guest on a small family outing. They couldnt do enough to help and we were really impressed. I hope they succeed.
GCILGWGCI. Flights on time both ways. Complimentary tea and coffee and soft drinks which is rather rare these days and no charge for hold baggage. Cabin crew ok but nothing special. Aircraft first generation ATR72 which are rather tatty inside and my seat was covered in crumbs on the return flight rather noisy and a lot of vibration compared to jets and newer turboprops. I believe Aurigny are purchasing 2 new ATR72500 which should be an improvement they certainly need to update the fleet. Reasonable fares as long as you can book well in advance otherwise the price is extortionate.
  We arrived to Newark airport on June 25 from Stockholm and were going to switch to another plane to Florida. We checked the board and it shold depart from Terminal A. After about 1 hour it said delayed, and should depart from Terminal C When we had been on Terminal C a while, the board said we were going back to Terminal A! And so on, we took the bus about 6 times back and forth, it was crazy! And during this time, NO ONE INFORMED US! During the evening the board kept changing terminals, gates etc. I went to ask a representative from United. The dialogue went like this Me I would like some information about Flight 1482 please Rep It is cancelled Me ?? But it is on the board? Rep Yeah, the plane is here on the airport. Then she gave me a card, informing me that I shouid call their support. I waited in the telephone for 70 minutes, then I was disconnected. We also tried to go to customer center, the queue was about 1000 meters! We were at the airport 7 hours, no information, unpleasant staff, and no help. Finally, at 1130 pm, we rented a car and drove all the way to Florida. Our trip home was better, we were allowed to go to Newark by airplane this time, but there were delays, staff were missing and unpleasant flight hostesses. I will never travel with United again!
MelbourneLaunceston. How hard is it to seat Husband and Wife same booking together? Small plane 2 seats either side of aisle  apparently very hard. Called Qantas to see if they could change seating only to be told I should have chosen seats at time of booking tried to point out that is not an option on this route told seat selection is available on all Qantas operated domestic flights!
St PetersburgMoscow DME on board of a B733. Flight left and arrived on time. Cabin was clean and in good condition. FAs did their job but as usual in Russia dont expect a smile. Got tea and a cookie but what would you expect on a one hour flight. Overall Transaero is a reasonable Airline in my opinion and I would fly them again on domestic flights in Russia.
 Flying back from Miami to Toronto. Boarding time was 11.20, waiting and nothing was told to us, boarded at 12.20. Apparently there was a snow storm in Toronto and a 3hr flight turned into a 6hr flight going to Hamiliton and sitting on the plane for over 2hrs. Mind you our flight was to land at 3pm. No food was offered to us, only one small cookie and water. Hungry and frustrated for hours sitting on the plane, stating it was gonna leave to Toronto every 15 minutes and never did. Once landed in Toronto around 9pm, had to take a shuttle to customs and baggage claim. Once customs was done, getting our baggage was a hassle. 3 times they told us different areas to pick up luggage, waiting and waiting, my luggage was no where to be seen, finding my luggage in a totally different area, then told. Worst flight I have ever taken and worst experience getting my luggage.
Just flew from San Juan to Antigua with tickets booked months ago only to find the first of year our non stop flight had become a puddle jumper stopping in Guadalupe and Dominque before reaching Antigua so we missed one whole day on the front end of our trip to an all inclusive. At the ticket counter I questioned this change and the agent said we contacted you which they did not. I had to go back and ask about our outbound flight. she didnt mention that flight had changed also. So rather than leave at 10 am the following Sunday we had to leave at 4am arriving Dominque at 7.30am. The plane broke down in Barbados so we didnt fly out until 1.30pm causing us to miss our connection in San Juan. They offered no assistance whatsoever. No hotel voucher no food no rebook for next day flight. Nothing. They told me to go to the JetBlue desk and maybe they could help me. We wound up staying the night on both ends of flight in San Juan thanks to LIAT.
 Singapore to Manila. It was our first time flying a budget airline, hoping to save a few hundred dollars. It ended up costing us more. Customer service is poor. Our flight was delayed which caused us to miss our connecting flight and when we called customer service they said they have no record of any of their flights delayed. I had to send them a screenshot. You cant call them directly and have to communicate via chat. Ive requested an insurance later and have yet to receive it.
  Beijing to Qingdao. I focus on the lack or urgency of email request. I requested on 8 Nov by email for an aisle seat for flight of 13 November 2018. I was unable to find other contact email address in the official website. First contact was then impossible. There was no reply until 19 November. The reply requested me instead to contact customer service email. Looks like a standard reply with no human touch to it. So I wrote to customer service with no reply up till today 28 November 2018. On the day of check in I asked for aisle seat again. The counter at Beijing airport told me it is impossible although I am a Delta member. I do not expect much. Seriously the official website of China Eastern Airline should have a email contact address for passenger contact. Fair enough if a 3 working day lapse for reply is done. However, for my case there was no urgency to reply to me. I rate the service 210 and will avoid flying China Eastern since the service is so bad.
  Originally, we had a plan to visit Tikal so we booked our roundtrip flight with TAG airlines from Guatemala City to Flores. Unfortunately, as a result of covid19, Guatemala president decided to close the borders and we couldnt make it. The only compensation TAG offered us is airline credit and they refused to give us refund although we tried to explain that an airline credit is worthless for us because we are Israeli citizens and this airline doesnt operate in our area. I think that this is a big disgrace.
FB491 Sofia to Zurich Feb 4th 2014. They changed the schedule for a 7.30am flight to 11am the night before the flight. Note that this was a permanent schedule change  not a one off delay due to something unexpected. No notice was sent out to notify passengers of this change. I had to wake up at 3am to get to Sofia Airport just to find out that I have to wait 4 hours. The airline staff at the airport were rude and offered no assistance  just go there and wait. In addition the food on the flight was quite bad  they only offer sandwiches which are so preprocessed that they look as if they can last for months without getting spoiled. Very poor service.
I am extremely dissatisfied in US Airways customer service. Our flight to CLT from BOS was delayed due to not having a flight crew and CLT was not allowing any flights to land so we were assured that our connecting flight to MBJ would be made. When we finally got to CLT the flight attendant informed us that the flights were on time meaning their original time as we were in the air heading to CLT so we were not able to make our connecting flight. He was not able to give us any information which is ridiculous and we were promised that there would be US Airways staff at the gate. Of course this was a lie we had to wait in a 3 hour line told there were no other flights to our all inclusive resort told to get a hotel that the airline did not pay for we were in line for standby only once we got to the airport at 6 am. The kiosk assistant tried to split the 3 female travelers up heading to a foreign country after we had each paid 870$ to fly together and then found there were 3 seats on the next flight which demonstrates her incompetence. Our luggage was not available to us.
  The flight was rescheduled without notice. A journey which should have taken 12h became 24h and the passenger, my mother who is 77 years old reached home exhausted. She missed the train we had booked before the Airlines rescheduled the flight and finally missed the other train again as the flight landed late. It incurred additional cost as she could not benefit from early online bookings. 
I cant ever recall a more incompetent airline. TAM Airlines made changes to our reservation and I needed to organise a flight change that suited our schedule. I called the toll free number in the US to do this and reached a TAMLAN service centre. Remarkably they told me that the representative works for LAN, not TAM, and that there is nobody available that can speak English to handle the matter. I then called Brasil to resolve the problem, and I did get an agent who speaks English however the agent has no authority to change tickets she works for LAN and is based in Colombia, and she created a case number and told me someone from TAM would call me within six hours. No phone call received within three weeks. Also worth mentioning I am Oneworld Emerald, which of course makes no difference to anyone in TAM. This airline does not deserve to be in Oneworld.  No question every new booking in Brasil will be with Azul, which is easy, comfortable, user friendly and is the jetBlue of Brasil.
  Jetstar cancelled my flight 3 hours before schedule. My flight was morning flight so I was booked a taxi in the early morning. So disappointed.
  Toronto to Lisbon via Ponta Delgada. We were flying to Lisbon with 2 carry on bags and 2 bicycles. My wife emailed ahead and confirmed bicycle tranport with weight and dimensions. She asked for price and was repeatedly referred to a website with no costs included on it. She asked again no response, just a website. Chat requests are directed to email. Long story short, the mobile version of their website differs from the dekstop version and omits critical information. I got dinged with significant oversize fees for bikes that i had previously provided info on and asked for cost. A link with the info or a heads up that i was looking at an extra $600 would have been helpful. Do not expect emailprotected to fill in the gaps or do anything beyond the minimum  actually dont even expect the minimum. Do not expect check in staff to do anything but plead no authority. If flying out of North America on an evening flight do not expect anyone to be available that has authority. In fact do not expect to ever speak or IM with anyone. IMs result in being directed to email. No in flight entertainment. Meals and seats were fine. No complaints there. In a hated industry, with ever dissatisfied customers, SATA successfully lowers the bar one more notch.
  Terrible experience. 3 flights over the last 3 weeks gave been canceled outright. Reasons, such as unplanned maintenance dont always warrant compensation, so youre left with few options. Our flight over the holidays was canceled, and then rebooked for 6 days later. En route to the airport 2.5 hour drive for us the flight was canceled again. A single night in a hotel and $30 in airport vouchers did nothing to compensate for the 6 days stranded, and worse, missing Christmas with our families. The return flight was also canceled 1 hour prior to taking off, which meant that most customers were already through security. If youre fortunate enough to reach someone over their messenger system that isnt a robot, then prepare to have your excitement burst. They were entirely unhelpful. The price is competitive, which is a huge draw. But unless youre willing to compromise your schedule, plans, and ability to get to work, I would never recommend flying with Swoop.
  I have booked my tickets in Feb2020 to fly out in July and due to covid the flight got cancelled. When asked for a refund, the Airline assured refund  but only after one year of booking. Now a year has passed and they only keep issuing request number on mails without any official communication. Not sure whether they will refund or drag on.
  I was late because there was an accident on the motorway. I reached 45 minutes before the flight.  I was begging them to let me board the flight. They refused and said cant let me board the next flight as well because the travel agent from whom I purchased the tickets can do it. The travel agent also refused. I asked Gulf Air to charge me some extra money but they didnt help me at all. I called them every day till three months but they had been so rude. One of their colleagues said to me that my ticket was valid till one whole year because of the covid 19 policy and he said that he will do something but never got back to me. 
 Houston to Taipei. This was my sixth trip to Asia on EVA Air in the last three years. I have friends that have recommended I fly on another airline and I honestly just refused. I have always had excellent experience with EVA Air up to now so why change. I am now a Gold Member of their frequent flyer program so I was able to check in using the Gold line. I was given a pass to the lounge at IAH and also for the Taipei Lounge once I arrived there. I was flying in economy, aisle seat first cabin. As always the seat was comfortable with all the required functions and with the pillow and blanket and earphones. First meal came by and as always excellent service and selection. I proceeded to go to sleep for a few hours and missed the mid flight snack but was awake for the pre landing meal. The flight attendants as always very pleasant and friendly. The bathrooms are always spotless and I know they do make various trips to clean the bathrooms on this 15hour flight. All in all, it was a very pleasant experience as it has always been the case for me and EVA Air.
 My flight was changed 4 times! American Airlines delayed my outgoing flight 3 times without considering the time it takes to get to the gate of the connecting flight. The 1st 2 times it was cancelled I did not get an email from customer service with the new flights.
  Airline offers cheap flights, but then gets additional income at the airport. We had to prove our departure at the checkin counter and showed the reservation confirmation for the sailing tour to Colombia. The provider was rejected by them and we were immediately recommended to simply buy a bus ticket for a bus that we will not take. I strongly assume that not only Tica Bus will benefit from the income. Otherwise, I wouldnt know why an airport employee who is supposed to document entry and exit recommends a fake bus ticket. Isnt it the employees job to document the length of stay and the exact date of departure? So lousy scam or incompetent staff?
 Flew Madrid to London Gatwick. There is very minimal leg room on these planes. Im not tall 165cm or around 55 and I felt cramped in. Its fine for a short flight, but 2.5 hours to London is pushing it. Beware that they will try to force you to check in your luggage, even though there is a lot of space in the cabin. The ground staff were really forceful that the overhead lockers were full, but they were half empty when I got on the plane  whole overhead lockers of empty space. They may claim to be the most punctual airline in the world, but they have downright dishonest ways of doing it. This isnt the first time its happened to me on this airline. Staff are very much thats not my job kind of people. There is absolutely no difference between these flights and the other low cost airlines, except, and I never though Id say this, the staff on other low cost airlines are a lot better at their jobs. I will be avoiding Iberia Express in future. Unfortunately they do some routes that no one else does, but for those flights I guess Ill just have to accept that theres no way I can be in a rush.
  The worst of the worst airlines the flight had a delay of 2 hours and 50 minutes. No help from the ground staff was given in terms of telling the passengers what to do or offering some water or a meal. No reaction at all. During the flight the crew stayed at the galley because of the turbulence we offer no meal service. There were no turbulence. The crew must have been tired so they didnt want to do any unnecessary additional work. Please try to avoid the when you can. Cannot recommend the at all.
  The biggest selling point for this flight is that it flies between the two smaller airports of the most frequent international flight route in the world, hence efficiency is maximised. True to its promise, the small airports made for a much quicker screening and security process, and my entire doortodoor journey from KL to Singapore from hotel in KL to second home in Singapore took just 3 hours and 10 minutes. The flight itself at 65 minutes was rather uneventful, flying an ATR means a lot of compromises, such as barely functioning airconditioning, smaller seat pitch, a shorter ceiling, much smaller lavatories, etc, which was somewhat uncomfortable, but is a price I would still be willing to pay for the efficiency of the total journey.
 With the onslaught of travel restrictions worldwide, Salam Air, in such a crisis has showcased its money centric ethics by not extending my ticket voucher. Staff in Dammam who doesnt bother to reply email follow ups was very quick to deny any further support. That will be first and last purchase from this unprofessional airline. Please take a note from my experience and choose other flyers.
 Madrid to Lanzarote. Their customer service call center is terrible. Its a scam. They will put you on hold for more than an hour. After one hour they tell you that their system is not working and that you have to call back later. They probably work remote with nobody supervising them and put the customers on hold while they go out shopping. I will never fly with them again.
 Toronto to Montego Bay. Horrible airline. Only airline thats still priced with the market and they have NO power outlets. No snacks at all even on a 4 hour flight. Flight attendants seemed stressed. Would never use again if another airline was available. Disappointed at the corners they cut.
  Rome to Bucharest. Booked a flight for myself my wife and 2 children from Rome to Bucharest. Two hours prior departure at checkin we found out that on the reservation ticket, instead of my wifes last name was mine, although family name and date of birth were correct. The ground staff kept us waiting till closing time when they told us that we need to buy another full price ticket for my wife. Apart from keeping us waiting, after buying a new ticket we had to run to catch the flight. They were asked to give me both tickets reserved on my name and they said is not possible. Of course it wasnt possible, the extra ticket sold to my wife was one of my tickets same seat no, so as conclusion I had to pay for one seat twice. All in all, I had a very bad, disappointing experience with Blue Air. There was no supervisor to talk to in Rome and the complain was given in Otopeni in written as there was no supervisor there as well with response time of 60 days.
  Copenhagen to Pula via Zagreb. Croatia Airlines is a nice airline that Ive flown many times when visiting relatives in Croatia. The crew is cheerful and friendly, and even if it was some time ago they served a cold meal the snacks they serve are ok for the short flights they offer. The age is however starting to show on the aircraft but still OK. I still recommend Croatia Airlines, mainly for the crew. The cake and sparkling wine available for purchase for someones birthday and special occasions is great.
  Being an Indian, the only way to travel to Saudi Arabia during the COVID times is to spend 14 days in some other country and than travel to Saudi Arabia after Quarantine i had selected Nepal as my Quarantine destination. My company had booked the flight in Himalaya Airways , on the 6th May i reached the airport after the quarantine, while i was waiting in the queue to collect my boarding pass, i was informed i cannot board the flight as this flight is only for Nepal and Saudi Citizens during the Covid times. I was shocked, why was this information not told while my company booked the Flight as during the booking it would have asked for Passport details. I spoke to the Ground staff but they just said u cannot board the plane, I asked them to show where exactly is it mentioned about Nationality they had no idea, they did not respond at all. I am still shocked at the unprofessional attitude of the ground staff. I lost the ticket and my company lost the money.
 The flight left 50 min. Early and I now have to pay for another ticket home. Absolutely absurd. Avoid this airline at all cost. As I called home to inform my status the departure time still hadnt arrived and the plane was in the air. Unbelievable. Not a trustworthy company
 Our flight was smooth at first. We enjoyed our trip from Manila to Cebu. But during our return to Manila, our flight was delayed from 5pm to 5.50pm then to 7.20pm to 7.10 pm to 7.25 pm and lastly to 7.50pm. Due to these changes every minute, we have been confused and were not able to go to the gate 20mins before the final time of departure. We arrived 6 mins late and were not accepted on the gate. Our flight was forfeited and we need to book another flight to be able to return to Manila. It was so devastating and heartbreaking as we have to incur another expense to return to Manila that costs us same price of round trip from Manila to Cebu and vice versa.
  Great seats in business class qsuite and very well mannered crew. I would say that onboard services and staff are as good as it gets and ground service and staff are the complete opposite. Baggage was destroyed on my outbound flight and customer service has been useless in dealing with the issue and made no effort to resolve the issue before my inbound flight. The baggage allowance for business class is 40 kilos. The fee for extra baggage ranges from 10£kilo up to 18£kilos depending on the time you purchase it. They forgot one of my special diet meals on of my flights, providing me with  the breakfast on an overnight flight where 2 meals were offered late dinner and breakfast. What made things worse was the Stewardess trying to convince me that because I ordered the special meal I only get breakfast! Then the supervisor came over to admit the mistake and apologise. Overall very disappointed with one of the alleged best airlines in the world. Service just does not match the level of product they are claiming to provide. Needless to say I wont be using them again.
  Sao Paulo to Hong Kong via Johannesburg. I had a okay flight from So Paulo to Johannesburg even tho the food experience was not good at all.  My flight from Johannesburg to Hong Kong was canceled after we waited 3 hours inside of the plane for technical problems fixing. Apparently the aircraft had less then 50 air pressure and it was insufficient to a flight over 12 hours. We had to wait inside of the airplane for 3 hours without airconditioning just so they end up telling us that the flight is cancelled and we would flight the next day. They provided hotel but my flight was over 24 hours after. They could have changed aircraft or being nicer to costumers that were in the delayed flight. Instead I had to keep calling them for information about when I would flight and got very rude attitude from the staff  I wanted to upgrade my flight from economy to business due to being 6 months pregnant. They were not willing to help and were very inefficient even tho I was paying for the upgrade. The last problem was that I had a connecting flight in HK and they said they were unable to check my luggage straight to the final destination so I would have to check out in HK get my luggage and check in again with the spare time of 1 hours between flights.
  An hilarious mixed bag. The aircraft from Cape Town to Luanda was so old, I was expecting it to flap its wings. The service, mediocre. The business class lounge at the Luanda airport was a pleasant surprise The aircraft from Luanda to Lisbon was a most impressive very wide comfortable one As soon as we were air born, the half empty business class filled up with guests from economy class. This was a first from my many years of flying. No menus, nor in flight magazine or entertainment of any kind, and obviously no ear phones or amenity kits. The meal served was tasty, but the tray arrived with paper serviettes and plastic knives forks cups and glasses, if you believe it! If you decide to fly TAG business class, best you have a sense of humor and realize they have a long way to go, as it is beyond comprehension!
  Both flights were with same B737800, going to RVN was on time, on the return flight we had 40 minutes delay due to airport closure. Boarding was done with zone system stuff were easy going not creating problems with passengers carrying larger carryons. In flight service on menu buy items. Overall very good for low cost airline. Ticket cost considerably lower than Finnairs
 Hong Kong to Okinawa Naha. Overall  A very pleasant flight. The only two gripes I have was that they changed the plane to a narrowbody A321 when the flight was supposed to be operated on an A330, and the other being that the legroom on the A321 was not as generous as their widebody aircraft but then again, every A321 is going to offer lesser legroom. With that out of the way, everything else was done right. Boarding was seamless, cabin crew were very professional and courteous, and uptodate IFE was offered even on the narrowbody A321. Meals were provided too. Not much time was wasted on the ground and we were airborne before scheduled time. All in all a very pleasant flight.
  I am writing this review to express my deep dissatisfaction and disappointment with the travel experience we encountered with Fly Play on flight OG102. I must acknowledge our own contribution to the problem as we were running just a little bit late for the flight and we fully understand and accept that responsibility. However, what followed left us perplexed and disheartened. Upon realizing that the flight was delayed by approximately 50 minutes, my husband and I, experienced travelers, considered this a fortunate turn of events. We proceeded to the check baggage counter, which was unmanned  understandable given our tardiness. We decided to get through TSA and inquire about gate checking our baggage at the gate. To our surprise, we encountered an extremely rude and unreasonable gate attendant. We politely requested if we could gate check our bag. Unfortunately, her response was an immediate refusal without providing any explanation. This was particularly disheartening as gate check had been a feasible option in the past, including with Play in September. Our attempts to seek clarification or speak to someone else were met with further hostility. The gate attendant claimed to be the sole authority and refused any further assistance, which left us feeling unheard and disrespected. The situation escalated when the gate attendant intentionally covered her name tag and displayed an offensive gesture towards us. We were unable to board the flight and learned from the chat bot that we were labeled as did not fly due to inappropriate behavior. This statement is categorically false, and we were relieved when Play ultimately offered discounted tickets as compensation after hours of pleading via chat and trying to come to some resolution. Nonetheless, we firmly believe that the entire situation could and should have been handled more professionally and with greater courtesy by your employee, who represents your companys values and image. While we understand that being late reduced our chances of boarding the flight, we firmly believe that every passenger deserves to be treated with respect and kindness. We would have gladly accepted any reasonable explanation for not being able to gate check our bag. Instead, the encounter left us with a sense of shock and disappointment that overshadowed the entire travel experience. We sincerely hope that this matter will be taken seriously and addressed appropriately to prevent similar incidents in the future. As loyal customers, we believe in the value of constructive feedback, and we trust that Fly Play will endeavor to ensure a more positive and respectful experience for all passengers.
AmsterdamCancun stopover Varadero. The trip started with a delay of already 3.5 hrs. Once in the air service not too friendly. Food very poor quality one meal free one drink free I took 1 litre of water extra with me seats very cramped even in Comfort Class  comfort thats a joke!. In Cuba it became clear that there was something wrong with the engine  Dont worry its totally safe to fly on to Cancn but regulations make us perform a repair  you dont feel very safe when they say this. We got off the plane and spent a couple of hrs. at the airport  good cheap beer and cigars. We left Cuba with a total of 5.5.hrs delay. To make up for the delay we offer all passengers a free cup of water the purser said  very funny and of course totally inadequate.
Return flights from Luton to New York for 4 of us.  Flight was cancelled with a flight rebooked to fly 12 hours later. We were advised a couple of weeks in advance so didnt cause any problems, but a little irritating. Swift check in, lounge at Luton was fine used it before as priority pass holders. The flight was excellent. Seats were comfortable and reclined although not full flat to be suitable to sleep. Pleasant staff who were attentive and discreet throughout. Champagne and very nice meal with choice of wines. Samsung Galaxy pads enabled viewing of limited films, magazines etc. Dozed off and woken by staff offering refreshments. Newark arrival processes swift and easy. Return check in similar. Lounge busy but adequate seating with plenty of refreshments. As it was a night flight, light meal, okay but not exciting then went to sleep.. Although there appeared to be only 3 staff, they were charming and efficient. Hugely impressed by La Compagnie. The flight both ways was a pleasure and would recommend and fly with them again.
  Beijing to Boston. I found the trip exceeds my expectations the flight attendants are extremely polite, attentive and help with customers requests during such a long flight. The flight attendants look young though exhibit a mature professionalism. With this experience I highly recommend Hainan Airlines inflight service.
  Probably one of the most horrible flight in my life. There is just nothing right with this company, from the checkin, delay handling, to security in the cabin and complaint handling. Flight was delayed over 3 hours because of supposedly bad weather conditions, while other airlines were flying just fine for the same routes. Left without ANY updates of confirmed departure time, and more importantly, we were refused the ability to cancel our tickets.  We were not offered any food or drink for our over 3 hours wait in the terminal.  Staff English at the counter was below acceptable, as they were barely able to understand questions in regards to how to deal with my music instrument. Staff on board failed to give instruction in English. I was addressed multiple times in THAI, which I do not speak and I wasnt even given the chance to ask what it meant. Ground staff at arrival Lost and Found counter dont speak English at all. Call center called 18th March 320PM excuses failure to follow laws and basic security and information requirements by We are a low cost airline.
  Munich to Bologna and Pisa to Munich, both on an Embraer 195, economy. Both flights handled efficiently, southbound on time, northbound delayed by about 25 mins on departure due to to late arrival of incoming flight there had been thick fog at MUC early that morning which had sent things adrift for much of the morning. However, support given to those with tight connections. Modest inflight service  snacks and drinks  wine came in proper glasses. Air Dolomiti worked okay for us.
  I just landed Toronto from Lima via Bogota using Avianca. The lady in Lima airport was very rude. I requested her to allow to take my small luggage as a carry on but she refused. When I on board the plane AV74, I saw there are at least 10 percent luggage bigger than mine. I have decided not to use this Airline in future, not recommend this airline to anybody.
  I was a bit wary reading the reviews here after I purchased my one way ticket I usually book a round trip with one airline but I booked two one way tickets due to the holiday period. Check in crew was fine and had no problems checking my prepaid bag in. Boarding process was a lot less orderly than Southwest and the seating was tight Avelo does acquire used 737700s from SWA, but uses another airline to buy 737800s. I knew they didnt have snacks so that didnt bother me. But the flight was bumpy due to the weather and flight attendants were ok. The flight was on time, I made it in one piece and my bag was fine. I recommend this with reservations since they keep SWA competitive pricing wise.
 I wish I had checked the reviews before booking a flight on lynx. Biggest mistake ever. Their customer service is actually the reservations department so they cant help with anything and they are just plain rude. I had a rep yell at me today and then she hung up on me and the one before this told me do whatever you want when I said I would call back and talk to a manager. They call themselves customer service. If the whole company shut down they would be doing Canada a favor. I sat on this flight for 3.5 hours with no snacks or meal voucher or anything. They rushed us to board the plane and then we ended up sitting in our seats for over three hrs with no breakfast and when I asked for snacks I was told it was over. I WAS ROW 22! and now Ive just been getting the run around with Lynx and no solution and they refuse to transfer my call to a manager also. Imagine that. I dont get how a whole department can be bad at their jobs.
  Pokhara to Kathmandu. 12h35 pm take off time. Now nearly 4 pm. No updates on board. Simply states delayed. Total BS. Nobody can provide us info. Meanwhile Yeti airlines has been flying to KTM since we have SAT here.
Cancun to Manchester on Thomson Airways B787 Dreamliner  this aircraft should have been called the sardineliner. Forget all the hype  they still shoe horn you in your seat and slap a nice review of how much legroom youve got. On takeoff, in the window seats water drips down from a corrugated air channel above your head and you can actually see were people have stuffed paper towels into the vents. As for the mood lighting and bigger dimming windows I dont understand the hype. Inflight entertainment and free drinks but Thomson pale into insignificance compared to Virgin  I hope I never have to fly on sardinliner ever again.
  Flying from Tokyo Narita to Seoul Incheon. Plane was had one hour delay and my friend and I did not receive any notifications, so we arrived at Seoul around midnight, train had stopped services so we had to take the taxi or freeze to death waiting for a night bus. Tway did not want to refund a part of the taxi bill. Other than that, we had what we paid for. It is a low cost airline, so not much space for legs, seats are not really comfortable but I saw worse that this, and no entertainment available. The inflight staff were really friendly, and they serve some food if you pay for it of course, something that we didnt do, of course.
  Ground and flight crews were excellent. Flight was efficient and comfortable. But Ill never fly Air Canada Rouge or otherwise again. This was originally a BOSYYT itinerary via YUL. 11 hrs before departure, at 2315, we got texts that the BOSYUL flight was cancelled. We were offered rebooking more than a day later, via Halifax with a very tight connection. We opted to DRIVE to Montreal instead and catch the original second leg, but AC had already removed us from that flight. There was no way to rebook this online, no chat, no reply to DM  only the reservations tollfree number, which I called at midnight. I spoke with an agent at 330 am  I was on hold for 3.5 hrs. She restored the booking, but not the seats my wife and I were separated on the flight. We drove at 7am and caught the flight out of YUL. At the airport, we tried to find a desk that could give us info about a refund for the BOSYULBOS legs. We were told that could only be done via the reservations tillfree number. There was no booking desk at the airport. And still no reply to DMs. After we completed the trip and drove home from Montreal, now 9 days after the flight was cancelled  no word about the refund. So I called again , and spent two more hours on hold. The agent who finally answered said he had no idea how refunds work, they would need to prorate the refund. There was no way to contact them, no idea when Id hear anything. He resubmitted the file to refunds dept. Theres no online chat, DMs dont work, executives dont reply to emails, theres no desk at the airport and the call center is clearly understaffed. Im clearly owed a refund for the flight they cancelled  but have no idea how much or whether Ill see it in days or months. Nobody takes responsibility. Its a shame, because the flight experience itself was lovely. But this airline is a mess.
  Its so nice to welcome back AirAsia after almost a 2 years absence since the start of the pandemic. After having had a few bad experience with Malaysia airlines quite recently. I chose Air Asia for the value of money. On Christmas day, flight was on time. Check in at the airport was orderly, premium flex customers perks and priority were observed. Boarding by the zone was very orderly also. Plane is clean and crew were lovely and welcoming. It really pays to get the exit row for the extra leg room and comfort. My preordered meal of Bukhara chicken rice was delicious ad spicy, and it came with a small bottle of water. I was impressed at how efficient the crew worked, and they kept the 2 toilets clean at regular intervals as well. Landing was so smooth too. Luggage delivered in a timely manner and in good condition. For someone who is used to flying premium airlines in business class, I must say this was a very inoressive experience. I think in future for medium to short haul flights, I really dont mind to fly with them and save some money as well. Maybe party is also because, nowadays, many premium airlines cut costs so much that, more and more, they resemble budget airlines, except for the price tag.
  Manila to Taipei. This is really good, the flight attendants were pretty kind when entering the plane. They have food I like, the seat comfort is good and the landing is smooth.
 Positives convenient booking via mobile app, very easy to upgrade from Economy to Comfort Class online, stylish new terminal C, professional and efficient crew, excellent business classlevel soft product at Premium Economy proper business class meal with metal cutlery, amenity kit, hot towels, cloth napkins. Drawbacks B777300ER in need of refurbishment hopefully this is coming soon, very hard, wobbly, uncomfortable seats resulting in back pain, unaffordable internet, new terminal severely overcrowded even worse than in the older Terminal D. Overall, a great product for a 4hour flight, however, should if it was a longhaul flight, I would have reservations.
 Checked in online and pre paid for seats, bag drop facility a was fairly quick with friendly staff. Security very pleasant and considering how busy the terminal was, quick and painless. Warmly welcomed onboard by the crew. The aircraft had clearly been on a fairly short turnaround as it was grubby looking in places, but spacious and the legroom was better than some leisure carriers we were sat in row 17. Selection of drinks and snacks very good, including hot sandwiches. 2 drinkssnacks rounds, as well as duty free carried out. Crew were extremely professional yet friendly and chatty  on the 2 hour 50 minute flight, they worked extremely hard yet always with a smile. Landed on time and very quick processing in the small airport at Preveza. Would recommend and use again.
  Andrey and his crew was fantastic. Absolutely brilliant service, they did it effortlessly and effectively. I would recommend family and friends. The toilets were kept clean. The only thing I would say there should be tv on long flights. That the staff can do nothing about.
I made two flights onboard a new A320 between GYE to GPS and the new A320 was really nice  seats were very comfortable. The crew members were kind and polite  food was good  standard airlines food not a grande cuisine . The aircraft coming from Quito and Guayaquil was very clean for the return flight after a short stop over at Baltra airport  The crews attitude was very friendly .
  Phu Quoc to Ho Chi Minh. I read a similar situation in another review they did exactly the same to me. The flight was delayed from 1 pm to 630 pm. I did not have connecting flights, so it was not important to me to flight in time. They told me that I could buy a ticket in Vietjet which was a flight that was not even planned since I checked online if there was another flight available. I told them that I would like to receive my money first before buying and they told me that it was not possible no reason was given for these. After that I bought my tickets for 3 million VND and when I asked they said that I had to do the check in first in the airline before giving me the money back I can explain that just if it was a scam, I cannot complain if I had to fly in half hour. After checkingin I came back and they gave me a voucher for 1 million VND and I told them that they said that it was a full refund of the other ticket which they denied. I was not able to do anything because they cancelled the other flight and the flight that just bought was about to leave, after I arrived to Ho Chi Minh I wanted to file a complaint in the aviation authority that was not possible because it seems that there is no way to file a complain in Vietnam regarding airlines.
  3 days prior I flew to Sydney from Brisbane with my 2 and 4yr old daughters and elderly parents via Rex airline. The staff were so friendly and plentiful complimentary food and drinks on board. Then at Sydney airport, when returning via Virgin Australia, I asked for assistance with my elderly parents. I got directed to check in bags counter, then ticket counter and then back to check in counter for a wheelchair. I was told they can help push 1 wheelchair for 1 parent, but no buggy available for long journey to gate and then declined as I said we had to get food on way to gate. On plane, first flight delayed 10mins due to late crew member. Then no complimentary food and then only tea and coffee. No juice or milk for my 2 and 4y old who I paid full seat price for. When at end of flight my 2y old was busting to wee, they said I can use toilet, but needed to hurry up, which was unnecessary to say and rude. All staff seemed unhappy and unhelpful in general, maybe due to financial pinch. Sadly I dont see a future for this airline.
 I booked the Smile Plus fare, which provided extra legroom and the middle seat of 3 blocked. As it turned out, I was the only passenger in this zone so had all 12 seats to myself! Priority checkin. Boarding by bus at this airport, so no Priority Boarding. All staff were great counter staff and flight attendants. Before takeoff, the Cabin Manager introduced herself, and offered me a choice of 2 main courses to be served after takeoff, and took my drink order as well. The meal a prawn pad Thai arrived packed in a leakproof cardboard box. It was delicious! Also on the tray was a small salad, and a piece of cake for dessert. Drink was served providing me with the whole can of soft drink I ordered. It doesnt get any better than this, anywhere in the world, for a flight of just 058 minutes! Worth every cent!!
 My flight canceled 4 times today, after 9 hours, we get in the plane. Weve waited another 2 hours in the plane due to heavy traffic, then the pilot has announced the plane has so much fuel and they got us off the plane. After we left the plane, they said the flight canceled because there are no crew to flight. I couldnt believe what I heard. My first time and the last time flying with this airplane. The other passengers said it happens all the time. t was terrible experience. Stay away from this airplane
  Berlin to Abu Dhabi. XL seats are good, great leg room and I found the seat very comfortable to sit on. Everything else was quite sad! Crew was cold and except for one flight attendant there were no smiles. None of them seemed happy or enjoying their job. Food was very disappointing, actually shocking how little it can be, and I am not a big eater. It was just an unpleasant flight.
  Unreliable. Regret traveling with them. Flight got cancelled 4 days before, due to operational requirements. I had their travel insurance, which doesnt cover that. They have zero care for passengers. They send me another ticket with missing connection flight. Their customer care never picked up the phone. I literally went to airport counter and got another ticket and ended up 14 hour transit time at KLIA airport. Try avoid flying with them and never buy their insurance. Its a joke. Covers nothing.
  Curaao to Port of Spain with Insel Air. My flight was cancelled three times. Then they schedule the flight at 3am to avoid paying hotel. When you get there at 1am, its closed with a notification that the flight is scheduled to 8am. When you come back at 5 AM, the flight is overbooked and they transfer you to a flight which again is scheduled at 3am the following day to avoid paying for hotel. The chance for departure  well, tomorrow will show..
  Taipei to New York in June 2019. My family and I are regular flyers with EVA Air, and part of the reason has been its environmental care through its service. Our recent flight experience caused us some concern about the environmental care. One example was the use of plastic floss pick in the utensil bag.
 Flew GA683 from Sorong to Jakarta. The checkin area in Sorong airport is quite small, however, the checkin staff were able to handle the large numbers of passengers in a timely manner. We pulled back from the gate a little behind schedule, however, we landed in Jakarta 10 minutes ahead of schedule. The cabin crew were very welcoming and the service throughout the flight was excellent even though the cabin was full. I really appreciate the Garuda Indonesian cabin crew with their positive and friendly attitudes. They go out of their way to make you feel very welcome. After arrival in Jakarta, it took only 10 minutes for my baggage to come out. Overall another great service from Garuda Indonesia.
London Gatwick  Guernsey and return. Smooth checkin in both directions with prereserved seats. Smooth flights operating on time. Seats comfortable enough for 1 hr flights. Nonalcoholic drinks provided service efficient. Overheat lockers on the ATR72 are very narrow.
 10 months since Eurowings left me and my kids stranded in Spain and Im still waiting for a 2000 euro refund!! This was the worst travel experience I have ever had. Our flight home was canceled without any information or help from Eurowings. I couldnt get home until the day after and paid altogether 2000 euros for hotel, taxis, meals and a new flight. I sent Eurowings all the receipts and information needed as soon as I got back home in June 2022 !. I still havent heard a word from them. I have sent numerous emails, filled out their forms and called. No one on the phone can help and those that can are conveniently not able to reach. Please, do not EVER fly with Eurowings! Dont let the ticket price fool you.
 My flight was from Milan to Hyderabad and it was horrible with the baggage policy. I had to collect my baggage in Delhi and again re checkin in Delhi, there was a delay in flight too. I was told I can collect my luggage at Hyderabad but Air India failed to do so. This is unfair and bad service.
  I travelled in August. Firstly the temperature inside the flight was not good. Sometimes they were increasing the temperature so much that I felt suffocation at times. Sometimes it became so cold inside. Secondly on landing we were inside for about 30 minutes because they did not pen the door. Overall a 3 hour flight gave me such a bad experience. Never travel through spicejet.
  Paris Orly to Newark. They lost my luggage, no gate agent to report it to. Finally after an hour got a bag employee to take report. Impossible to speak to a human, only take email and unresponsive. Luggage still lost and no sign of compensation. I would pay more to fly with a airline that you can speak to someone. Lesson learned!
 Worst airline!! Volaris does not care about its customers. We could not check in online unless we paid an additional $200 per seat. We booked our flights in October. Arrived at the airport 3 hrs. Before our flight to be told that they had sold our tickets because we did not check in online. After explaining and asking why our seats are not available, the only solution was to fly out of LAX at 1AM the next day and no compensation for hotel rooms and transportation. Absolute disregard for the customer! Im rating 1 star because its not possible to assign negative stars!!
  I was supposed to fly on the 0625 flight from Newcastle to Brussels for a connecting flight to Slovenia. The incoming flight on the Sunday had been cancelled but I received no warning. I got to the airport at 5am to find out the flight was delayed by almost 6 hours. The young lad on the desk couldnt offer any help in getting us rerouted. I had meetings planned on the Monday afternoon. There was also no ground staff who could help. I was given a number to ring but the woman I spoke to immediately said I was given the wrong number. She did then try to look at flights but said there wasnt anything she could do. The flight took off over 6 hours late using what seemed like an old plane. A few seats were out of use and the plane had a bad smell. I was over 11 hours late into Ljubliana. An absolutely dreadful experience! Its worth bearing in mind I paid £800 for the flight.
  Chinese Embassy in the Netherlands announced that no transfer passengers would be allowed to enter the Netherlands for the connecting flight to China from 18th November. XiaMen Airline is aware of this new policy. However, they continue advertising and selling the connecting flight tickets through the Netherlands! I bought the ticket from London to China via an overnight transfer in Amsterdam. However, when I started to go through the details soon after I bought the ticket, I was shocked to find out that this is an impossible flight route due to the reason above. I contacted XiaMen Airline immediately. I received a reply call informing me that my request for refunding my flight ticket is rejected. The reason given was that XiaMen Airline made a policy, they only refund the flight tickets which were bought before 31st October 2020, and the flight will take off after 31st October 2020. My flight ticket was bought yesterday, 9th December 2020. Therefore, I fell out of the category of refunding. I pointed out that if they knew this is the policy, why they were still selling the tickets from London to China, which needs to transfer at Amsterdam. I was told that it was because some passengers will take the flights from Amsterdam. This was not answering my question. However, the customer service only gave me standard answers in a circle. I would advise all, try all means to avoid buying flight tickets from Xiamen Air.
  I think the theoretical boarding procedures they have in place for covid are really good. Fill the plane from back to front and avoid too many people being on top of each other. The problem is that they do not to execute the boarding procedures the way they say they will and that leads to a lot of confusion. They used to have in flight meals in Economy, now all they have is a snack.  At the end of the flight they squeezed passengers onto a bus.
  Two very short hops connecting in Amsterdam. Travelling today with KLM was a breeze. Check In done through the highly efficient App. Uneventful first part from Dsseldorf to Amsterdam and a wonderful flight from AMS to CDG. On a merely 45 mins fully booked flight we got a drink choose from teacoffee, water, whitered wine or a chilled beer and a pack of crisps was handed out. Lovely crews on both flights, clearly enjoying their job. 
  Paris Orly to Newark. Not a great airline at all, thirty minute wait for check in, very tired 757s hopefully soon replaced with new 321s, poor ground facilities ORY 4 is not great although the Icare lounge is nice, on the other way EWR terminal B was just horrible. Bland food, limited drinks, lazy and classless crew. The key advantage is the seat, although it is worn and not fully horizontal should be better on 321 it provides much better rest than coach or premium economy, so despite the aggravation of poor service and infrastructure we came home fine. Good amenity kit, fine entertainment, the food was better than in premium economy on other transatlantic airlines. So it feels like business for the seat and feels not great for the rest. We paid $1200 for the return flight, cannot complain about that.
SGNDADSGN. Check in on both legs quick and easy. Boarding a little chaotic but no more so than most cheap Asia flights. Extremely old and dirty Boeing 737400. Both flights left and arrived pretty much to time and crew were polite and friendly. The general feel of aircraft was old worn out and dirty which does not give you a good feeling. Overall the flight was very good value for money however I would not choose to fly with Jetstar again due to the state of the aircraft.
 Lagos to Accra. From my experience today at Arik Air, I can describe the airline as being terribly inefficient and best avoided. The flight was delayed first for 2 hours with excuses of the plane developing a fault. Later, a staff came to tell us after 2 hours that the plane was now on ground and they were running some checks on it. After another 45 mins another staff came to tell us that actually the plane has not yet landed and they will give us an update in about 20 minutes time. No one is telling us anything and so we do not know whether we will still travel tonight or not. On informing someone about my predicament I was told I made a mistake by buying an Arik Air ticket, that this is their usual practice. I would not advise anyone to travel with this airline.
  I was supposed to fly from Qatar to Dubai on the coming weekend and due to personal issues, I had to cancel my booking with FlyDubai. After deducting the penalty which is understandable, they gave me a refund as a voucher. Who needs a voucher? I cant get back the money that I paid and that too after deducting the penalty? Dont expect any level of good service from the customer service. It was just horrible and they refuse to give information or pass on the situation to a higher authority. I have flown with FlyDubai last year from Georgia to Dubai and they have rescheduled my flight twice and that is just how pathetic their services are. I am so disgusted by their service.
  Rome to Warsaw. Very comfortable and relaxing trip, I arrived in Warsaw a few minutes early. Clean plane, very nice onboard staff offered us snacks and drinks. I will travel again with Alitalia.
  Missing our flight  Our daughter sent us surprising news and photos of her engagement. This then ended up in calls of joy and needless to say loss track of time and missed our flight. Feeling like naughty school kids, we had to go and collect our luggage and go to the booking office and explain the situation and showing the pictures of the engagement as a reason for missing the flight. I must say, it was quite laughable for all and the situation was turned around by an overwhelming gesture from FlySafair and the Cape Town staff working on the 26th June at around 1830 to 2200 for there professionalism, understanding, friendliness and patients and by rebooking us on a flight the next day free of charge. The wife and I would like to thank you once again from the bottom of our hearts and will see you on our next flight.
 Barcelona to London. Outrageous. I flew to Barcelona from London for a weekend and it was the worst experience ever. My flight from London to Barcelona was delayed by 4h 20min. It was a weekend trip, so thats a lot of time lost to enjoy your destination. The flight was at 8am, so I woke up at 5am to be at the airport with ample time. They didnt bother to let us know not an email, nothing. They just sent an email AT 1024 telling us that the 8am flight was delayed  ehm, thanks, I did notice indeed that I am not flying right now. Thanks for nothing They HAVE to, by regulation, give you reasonable food while waiting. Well, they sent an email 2h after departure time saying that you can have food via a £5 voucher. Firstly, £5 at Gatwick buys you nothing, not even a sandwich. Secondly, the email link saying in which stores you can use it was broken. And thirdly, when I actually tried to use said voucher in two stores, they said that you need to go print the boarding pass at a specific place and then have it sealed by some random people. No instructions whatsoever about this in the email. So dishonest of the airline to try that way that you do not spend YOUR ENTITLED BY REGULATION money. Finally, the flight back  I was denied boarding at the gate because I had arrived 5min after they closed the boarding. The interesting thing is 1 I arrived with ample time, and 2 they did not, in a single email or communication, specify any time at which the boarding would close. In addition, the staff at the gate were incredibly rude. Really, really, do not fly with them. They made my experience miserable of what couldve been an otherwise enjoyable weekend with friends.
 Sri Lankan cancelled my trip with no explanation given, leaving me to scramble and try to rebook. I had planned and saved for years for a bucket list holiday and this airlines just pulled the carpet out without even giving a reason. Customer service wont respond and no other options or recommendations are given. Please reconsider and pay a bit more. Invest in your peace of mind, your time, and the little holiday that you planned. Do not book with Sri Lankan Airlines.
  Choose this flight to get to Tirana for a business trip because it corresponded perfectly with my scheduled meetings, and after reading some reviews I was really curious. Online checkin without problems flight operated under an OKflight number, but without option to change the allocated seat. Swift boarding through passenger boarding bridge. Flight departed and arrived on time. Cabin was clean and tidy, staff friendly and professional. Seat was ok, legroom as well compared to other LCC airlines and given the flight time of less than two hours, I am 1.87 m tall. Water was served complimentary, the choice of drinks and snacks available for purchase is o.k. Overall, nothing to complain about. The valueformoney ratio is good and if you dont need to work during the flight or expect to get spoiled it seems to be a good choice.
  The staff on this aircraft were polite, kind, and very attentive to people around me, and myself who was not feeling very well. They helped me move to a more spacious seating area as soon as boarding was complete. They were understanding and very quick with service.  I will definitely be flying with Norse again. Thank you
Bangkok to London for myself and two children  50205 flight delayed 2 hours from Bangkok no explanation given On boarding found no one at the entrance to plane so just wandered on and found our seats. Two of the three were broken and could not recline. A passenger behind us could not find her seat as shown on boarding pass. Eventually cabin crew discovered that the seat on aircraft did not exist and had to cross out a seat number using felt tip pen and write correct number up above. Overall impression of interior was very unpleasant and dim  hardly any light at all due to the very old aircraft used and no updating of interior. After taking off no hello from captain or any communication  it would have been courteous to know what the delay was . We never heard his voice throughout the flight. After arriving in Dubai the hour hour turned into 2hours 15 minutes no cabin crew would tell me what the delay was for although I did see a Phuket Airlines engineer inspecting engines. Took off for final leg  at least this change of captain did mean that we heard his voice and he at least apologised for the 2 hour plus delay. I should mention that during the stopover the engines were off and no aircon inside cabin which left most passengers very uncomfortable. Food was of low quality and beer i asked for was warm and not refrigerated. Crew were ok especially after seeing what they have to put up with. On arrival at Gatwick had to wait exactly 60 minutes for bags and with the extra delay of flight meant we missed our coach we had previously booked. Total flight time 18 hours 21 including arrival time at Bangkok  as we were told to arrive 3 hours before boarding? After travelling for 20 years I can honestly say that this has been my worst experience ever and has put me off flying especially with children. I have to return to Thailand and would not fly Phuket Airlines if I was given free tickets  the whole experience from check in to arrival was most unpleasant.
  Hyderabad to Delhi. We were to fly from Hyderabad to Delhi, schedule departure was 2025 hrs, departed at 0005 hrs. Horrible Customer experience Gate changed 5 times in 3 hours. Caused so much inconvenience for kids and the elderly. Some passengers were initially allowed to board a bus to the flight. They were deboarded and the aircraft was rerouted to Kolkata. Delhi passengers had to face the brunt. Finally, they brought an aircraft which was in HYD and same was used 4 hours later
Check in process on line was straighforward. Flight delayed leaving Istanbul by over 1 hour. Ground crew at the airport were quite unhelpful. After takeoff a trolley seemed to roll out of its position in the galley and made a very loud crash as did a smaller metal box. This is the first time I have ever seen a cabin attendant get out of her seat whilst the aircraft was at such a steep angle.  For most of the flight a trolley was placed in front of the entry to the galley so the front toilet was not accessible. Other than this it was an acceptable flight. Food is for purchase only. Quality was as to be expected for paid food on a short flight. The seat comfort is good as they are quite padded compared to other airlines. 
  Singapore to Luang Prabang return in April, with a stopover in Vientiane on the outgoing leg to Laos. Second time on SilkAir this year and I was very pleased with the service to Luang Prabang. Checkin went without a hitch and boarding for the flight was quick as it was a low load on the Singapore to Vientiene sector. I was served a total of six times on my flight to Luang Prabang by a very cheerful bunch of cabin attendants  snacks, drinks, wine, meals desserts etc! The main meal of chicken pasta was alright but I wish they didnt skimp on the salad. Flight wasnt full so I had lots of room to stretch. Arrival in Luang Prabang was on time even with the slight delay in Vientiane. On the return flight it was a direct trip to Singapore without a stopover  this time round I think they were running short of wine as they only served this in a cup and didnt give out bottles. The main meal was seafood pasta, which was way better than the lunch I got. Once again, they skimped on the salad. Inflight entertainment was quirky and the app crashed a lot. Good thing that I got newspapers on both legs of the journey. All in all the cabin crew service was top notch and I really felt that they provided a great service. This airline does have room for improvement, but I can say that SilkAir is still quite a worthy and solid performer.
Flew LAN Airlines from Santiago, Chile to Lima, Peru and it was by far the worst flight I have been on. When I arrived at the airport to checkin I found out that they had changed my seat. Im a taller guy so I need more leg room. They put me in the last seat on the aisle next to the bathrooms. Right in front of me was a teenager that had flight sickness and next to me on both sides were crying babies. At the same time I was bumped and leant on, I asked to be moved to another seat and the only ones available were the business class seats and I had to pay $350 to move. Now Im back in Lima, Peru trying to fly back to Chile and they changed my flight due to delays been sitting at the airport for 9 hours and I attempted to try to get on an earlier flight, which by the way they had available seats, but they wouldnt bump me to that flight. Never again will I fly with LAN Airlines.
SINPVG on a fairly new 763. The service was mediocre food was edible but not the best. Toilet had no water and only a tiny bar of soap. My biggest disappointment was the seat comfort. Legroom was so tiny that a 6 ft person even when sit straight could barely fit into the small legroom. The magazine holder makes it worse as it was dangling down and our legs were pushing against it for the entire flight. Passengers were forced to squeeze their luggage in like sardines or overspill to other overhead compartment. This is a popular route and is always packed a A330 or B777 or even larger plane should be used. Very Disappointed if not for its lower price I would have chosen Singapore or Cathay.
 The airline seats are absolutely atrocious. The seat fabric is filthy so much so that I didnt want to sit on it. But when I did I realised the seat backs are just flat cardboard and wood. Far worse than the seats on Chennais local buses. I was really shocked and disgusted and wont ever fly Air India again.
  Awful experience! They made at least 15 people with carryon bags check them. And they lied they wont fit when indeed those luggages are compliant. Very barebones service, not a good value for the money. It felt like very poor service and overall unpleasant experience.
 I travelled from Bangalore to Visakhapatnam with my 2 kids. What could have ended up in a travel disaster was quickly turned around by the ground staff into a memorable trip. While the flight was comfortable, checkin during the peak hours airport rush took me for a ride. With kids I arrived a bit late and the counter was closed. The groundcheckin staff found an opportunity to fit us in and they did the unthinkable. Everything happened with lightning speed and we were on the flight finally with few mins to spare. I really appreciate their hard work and very thankful for the VIP treatment. Although, the baggage arrived a bit late , Its not a big concern at all. I really wish them all the success and growth in their future endeavours.
 San Francisco to Orlando. I could not believe an aircraft of this side that offers movie, music, games and TV entertainment did not have earbuds available for purchase. I sat in flight for 5.5 hours with basically nothing to do. What a gruelling experience. Although this is my first time flying with Virgin America, next time I hope my employer will make a better choice.
  Lufthansa has now become the European legacy carrier cutting costs to compete with the growing low cost carriers. Nearly everything extra is now charged, checked bags, seats, food etc. To change flights sometimes costs more expensive than buying a new ticket, and from my past four flights with them, none left on time. They have announced a new cabin refurbishment, I am skeptical.
  Vienna to Belgrade. My wife and me fly a lot of times with different airlines during the year  and this could also have been an flight with Eurowings, Austrian Airlines or something like this. The personnel was not too friendly but were polite. As we had booked an Economy ticket, we were able to check in our luggage for free without any problems. The flight had no delay and we arrived Belgrade punctual. Our luggage arrived without any damage.
  I was supposed to fly from Johannesburg to Victoria Falls. Two weeks before flying I received a message that all flights have been cancelled. Until now I am waiting for a refund, which I never received yet. Dont fly this airline.
  The plane was spotless and very well maintained. The service was very elegant and welcoming. Food was almost as good as in a good restaurant. I felt very welcomed on board. I will fly AF in C again for sure. It was a wonderful flight.
  This airline has a really problem and seriously I have no idea how this company is still working. Firstly, the tickets were not cheap for a low cost airline with very bad conditions airplanes I dont know which type of model is, but looks likes second hand airplane.  We paid for the round trip 487USD. The flight was suppose that should be depart at 900 am arriving to Bocas del Toro at 1000 am, at the end we depart around 230 pm and we were really angry because we lost our tours and our plans for that day. We didnt receive any explanation for the delay. We asked for a reimbursement, because in Europe if the airline has a delay of three hour you receive a percentage of your money back. In this case, we had a delay of five hour, and when we talked to the customer service, she told us that the airline doesnt has any politic regarding to the reimbursement of money for delays. Seriously! you have to be kidding me  then she told us that the only thing that the airline can give us is the lunch for free, and I answered her that we didnt receive any lunch for free instead they gave us snacks as potatoes chips, plantain chips, cokes, and rum  for me been diabetic that is not food! I was literally starving because in addition the airport is really small and the facilities are lacking of restaurants, so you can not buy food there. The airport just have two small coffee shops and one small kiosk and they not offer you food either. The customer service was really bad in my opinion because we were asking and asking what was happening without an a proper answer. When you buy the ticket through the website you dont have any option that talk about the insurance of reimbursement in case of delays and this is fault of Panamanian authorities, and they should fix this immediately. In summary. I dont recommend this airline neither the airport facilities.ASKED TICKET
 The worst and irresponsible airline I have ever seen or had. My friend and I had a ticket of Air India from Vancouver to Delhi on May 21st. The flight had delay for 14 hours and finally they canceled that. They dont care about people, infants and elderly people at all. A very irresponsible and unorganized airline. I dont suggest this airline to anyone.
  Bangalore to Pune. Somehow the basics of customer service isnt met by this airline. Try to web check in  it returns a 404 error. Try downloading itinerary it returns 404 error. Customer care number option 1113 to book special service, it puts you on hold for over 8 minutes and then it gets disconnected. Why does it have to be a nightmare for a customer to get the basic services? Is there anyone if responsible at GoAir to do these checks? This has been happening for way too long a time now.
  This airline delayed for over an hour on multiple flights. This last one was apparently due to paperwork that needed to be done before we took off? Im not sure what kind of nonsense that is but its sounds like a complete waste of everyones time. Instead of getting the entire plane where we needed to go we sat at the gate for hours due to this paperwork. I used to love flying Southwest and now I will choose a different airline that actually cares about their passengers.
  KLM baggage systems fault that baggage was not loaded for most of the passengers on that specific flight, however the ordeal followed after, trying to figure out the whereabouts of the baggage is horrible and unexplainable. Apologizing without intention to help is not considered an apology. Had a flight from Amsterdam Schiphol to Berlin Brandenburg airport on 28th June via KLM. I was going for 3 days corporate event. Landed in Brandenburg airport on  1703 CET, awaiting for my checked in baggage at belt 9  After about 30 min of waiting, there was an announcement where I learned my bag was never loaded on my flight and left at Schiphol airport. I went to the customer service counter, filed the report on the missing bag received a file reference which i need to use for follow ups. Since the 28th June evening, I have been trying to find my bag which I really needed due to a big corporate event I went to Berlin for. Carried a checked bag due to gifts for collogues coming from different countries. I flew back to Amsterdam  Schiphol on 1st July without my bag. Had to buy stuff in Berlin where had no time to spare. So much inconvenience for an hour flight and 3 day visit. Today its the 6th of July, I dont know where my bag is. The hassle and harassment I had to go through past 1 week, just to get some info on my bag is horrible. Going forward I would do everything humanly possible to avoid KLM flights. 
  What an absence of 2 years has made. Reservation units? Almost non existent. Mostly the website or the app. Customer Care just 1 number to dial. I tried 5 times, and each call, it lasted more than one hour before i finally hang up the phone. I never got the chance to actually speak to a human . Online chat the same deal. It takes at least a good 70 minutes, before the chatbot passes the message to a real human being. If you key in from the chatbot list of FAQs, those simple answers are the same from what you find on the website, not a single extra detail more. Also watch out for number, measurement and the weight of your luggage.  Cathay implement new strict baggage rules, 111. One cabin, one checkin, and one small hand carry for economy class. Want to get 2 checkin luggage  you can, but at an additional cost. Cathay forgot to load my vegetarian meal. In flight music and TV is very limited. It is that bad.  Some of the crew that was mostly has this can do attitude before, now suddenly has the budget airlines incapacity. Poker face, less attentive, and trying to avoid interactions as much as possible. Most of the shops in the airport are close. Hope you do not wait long for your transit. 
  Our return flight from Langkawi to Avalon through Kuala Lumpur started with a flight time change, originally departing at 6pm our plane was rescheduled to 755pm. As we proceeded through the gate to the tarmac Premium Flex we were instructed to wait at the stairs as there were 2 elderly people in wheelchairs who needed to board via the lift system. After some time we were then told to board through the back of the plane. After approaching the rear stairs we were then waved back by the pilot to the front. We ended up being one of the last to board seated in 1B and 1C, boarding was totally disorganized. A further delay due to this meant we arrived even later to KL airport, however we proceeded through customs before anyone and made our way to our connecting flight. With 2 x Premium Hot Seats we were able to navigate our way onto the next flight with little issue. On arrival into Avalon we were once again through customs quite quickly as we were able to exit the plane first. However our luggage didnt arrive. How was it that noone in KL was able to ascertain that our luggage didnt make the flight? They had 8 hours to call ahead, actually 9 hours seeing we waited over an hour for our luggage. What disappoints me is the treatment from the staff and total lack of communication from AirAsia. You cannot contact AirAsia in Australia, teir Sydney number goes back to KL. We never received a call, text or email from AirAsia X. We left all our details at the airport for them to contact them. But the saga continues. After multiple emails to KL I found out that our bags were placed on 2 different flights. One later in the day and the other one the next morning. The bags arrived on separate flights and were separates in the lost luggage area of Avalon Airport, one even included a large hand written note saying Waiting for other bag arriving on D7 218. The bags continued to sit there separated for a further 24 hours, still no call, email or text. Ringing KL they said the bags were there but yet once again you cant call ANYONE in Australia. Instead they give you the number for AVALON, which welcomes you with Welcome to Jetstar and had no reference to AirAsia. It was only though the assistance of a lady at Avalon Administration who knew the Air Asia supervisor that a direct call was made. Finally my bags were reunited and given to a courier at 730pm 3 days after departure. I was told they would be with me by 830pm. At 930pm I received a call from the courier saying he wont be coming until tomorrow as hed also had to go to Geelong. I stood my ground, told them they had destroyed my evening and had no choice but to bring me my bags. Finally I received them at 1130pm that night. Close to a week has past and I still have not received a call, text, email or apology from Air Asia.
MELMQLMEL. Flights late to depart. Annoyed at being informed only 10 minutes before departing. Inflight service is excellent the food is plentiful along with drinks.
  Bought my ticket at a very cheap price. I love flying on this kind of plane. Simple and not much passenger due to limited number of seats. Our flight departed 30 minutes early. It was a flight nothing to write home about but the price was the game changer. Overall it was a good flight considering the situation we are all in.
  Taipei to Bangkok. I was charged USD300 for a 29 kg bag in an international flight. This was 10 times the price only. A complete scam. They didnt allow me to pay with credit card. I almost lost flight as I wasnt able to withdraw that money from airport ATM.
  Colombo to Toronto via Beijing. I was more than happy with the level of service, quality of flight and meals etc. Boarding was done efficiently, For a full flight I think it was done in record time. The B777 J class has full lieflat seats with ample space and amenities. The PVGCMB leg was on an A330 with podtype seats in J class which were not lieflat and I had the constant feeling that I was going to slide off the front of the seat. The IFE and software is a little stunted for someone with no knowledge of Chinese. There are some issues with dual language. Naturally the base language is Chinese but the software has not been translated fully into English and is a little difficult to navigate. There is also an online food ordering system which was not in service at the time. There was no problem with the meals  I chose the Chinese cuisine. The timings of the meal service was unusual though  I thought it was later than most carriers would do it. I thought the cabin crew worked well and communicated fine despite the language barrier. I would have liked to see another couple of rounds of beverage offered. One complaint which others have mentioned before. On the outbound YYZPVG leg, there were five occasions where the smell of cigarette smoke wafted around the cabin during the flight. I would fly China Eastern again.
 I was scheduled to fly out of Omaha Nebraska on December 26 at 1245 p.m. My flight was delayed twice, and then eventually canceled. This has been quite a fiasco. Southwest offered no help whatsoever to the people who were on these flights. I waited in line at the airport for two hours to get a refund on my flight. When I finally reached the agent, I was offered a $200 voucher that would expire within 12 months, however, I was told that they could not refund my money at that time. I would have to call their customer service line. I have tried calling, been unsuccessful have been on hold and disconnected six times in total have spent 30 hours on hold. Just trying to get a refund for a flight that this airline themselves canceled. Reason for cancellation was not leather related. It was due to the fact that Southwest agents overbooked flights that they had no crew to fly. I will never in my life flying Southwest again three times I have flown Southwest I have had issues every time. This is an absolutely horrible, horrible airline. The true sadness for myself is that I was going to see my two grandsons that I havent seen in nearly 4 years. Also going to see my mother who has had stage four cancer. This airline has done nothing for anybody to reconcile the cost, the heartache, the time that we have wasted, and that has been stolen from us. For those future travelers, do yourself a favor and even if you have to pay a little bit more for a different flight also. Do not fly Southwest airlines.
  Innsbruck to Amsterdam. We received an email that the flight was delayed by 2 hours. We were then told by the ground staff to be around the airport, in case a plane became available but of course, that did not happen. On board, food is not complimentary. Transavia sells itself as a budget carrier but it really is not. Return flights cost over €800 per person for 90 minutes flight within Europe, and we still had to pay for food. What it really is  a small airline with small aircraft that scalps passengers but provides budget service. We also got different seats on our printed boarding passes and our online boarding passes. They cant even get the seats right. Will never fly Transavia again.
MANCGNMAN with TuiFly this past week  could teach EasyJet and Ryanair a thing or two. Good value 130 Euros return speedy friendly checkin seat preselection at no additional cost 20kg of checked bags at no additional cost. Spotless 737 with reasonably priced onboard catering. Decent seats with fair legroom. Flight crew efficient and smiling. A breath of freshair after some of the snarling horrors I have encountered on other LCCs. At the moment they only serve MAN and NCL in the UK from a handful of German airports CologneBonn Stuttgart and Hannover but there are some really interesting onward destinations such as Tenerife for which I just forked out £400 for an EasyJet flightfromhell.
  Bad service. TAP charges premium fares and delivers worse service than a lowcost airline. You cannot choose a seat on a long haul flight, even at check in. They gave me a seat in the last row where it did not recline on a 10h flight. In addition to the fact that its employees are in a bad mood.  Pessima servico. A TAP cobra tarifas premiums e entrega servico pior que de empresa low cost. Nao se pode escolher assento de voo long haul NEM NO CHECK IN. Me deram assento na ultima fila onde o mesmo nao reclinava em um voo de 10h Pra alem do que seus funcionarios sempre de mau humor.
  A wonderful flight from Tehran to Paris with new A330 that was very modern. Good entertainment system but only a small number of film and music choices, but a very good flight map. The aircraft was very clean. Two meals were served, first a very good breakfast and a snack later.
  Today in morning when we were coming Jeju to Busan, it was 10 minutes late, which is acceptable. But after this when all the passengers were in plane and it start to run, they stopped. We were informed that there is an issue and pilot will take plane back. We were kept waiting another few minutes and cabin manager announce that they are looking into it and will give further notice. Crew members were serving water and juice. Further notice kept happening for next two hours and plane finally moved at 1235 pm, instead of 1030 am. It was my first time to fly with Air Busan to Jeju, which was a disaster.
  I would like to say that the airline and cabin crew were absolutely brilliant. They were very attentive and in hand if we needed them. The inflight food was delicious and tasty, not bland like other airlines. We prepaid for our seats and were very pleased with the extra leg room outbound and the Solo seats coming home. I would like to thank all the staff from check in until when we landed. So professional and quick so the queues were small and manageable. Air France made our holiday more amazing by delivering such a wonderful experience. Thank You.
 Casablanca to Dubai. I received a confirmation mail after my payment with SMS proving it on early July 2022. 2 months later, I tried to check in the day of departure of my flight and I had an error, indicating that I should contact call center. They indicated that they never received the payment and hence never issued the ticket. I checked my bank account and indeed it seems the payment did not go through for some reason. Now what makes me insane is  WHY does the company send emails to confirm the flight if there is an issue in the payment?  WHY no one at RAM notified me that there was a payment issue? A simple automated email would have sufficed  WHY the service agent was so rude in handling my request. Clearly he did not put himself in client shoes when asking me to pay 3 times the initial price to fix the issue and did not apologize any single time. He did not allow me to speak to his manager. An airline company without an escalation path is a red flag. For those who can, I heavily suggest to avoid them at all cost. Since I could not fly with them, I rated 1 for the handling of my ticket and 3 for the flight related aspects in order to keep a neutral rating
 Flew from Caticlan to Manila. The airline overbooked seats and asking us to give up one seat and move onto the next flight. Which is unacceptably crazy! Have to take a bus to get to the planes departure and 3 busses were full elderly and kids have to stand! Upon boarding one of our seats were taken coz apparently the people in the airport booked two people in same seat number. Totally absurd!
  SaintPetersburg to Astana, Astana to Almaty and from Almaty to Tbilisi. Food just perfect, chicken with baked potatoes, next flight potato dumplings with bacon, and the last one beef with pasta. Good amenity kit on international flights in economy class  useful brush, tooth paste, socks. First flight was on A320 with no personal screens, but I used KC TV app. Next flight about 1 hour and it was B757 with personal entertainment, and the last one was Embraer 190 also I was using KC TV. Cabin crew on the flight from Almaty to Tbilisi was unbelievable attentive.  All flights on time, clean cabins.
  We paid 897 Euros for three tickets ONE WAY from Berlin to Catania Sicily. At the checkin desk, the Eurowings representative checked our two suitcases in and saw our hand luggage and approved them. Two minutes before boarding, we were taken aside by impolite and unfriendly attendants who told us that since we were in Group 2 i.e we did not pay enough, trolleys one of our approved hand luggage pieces cannot board and needs to be checked in or paid for with 50 Euros!  On the flight, less than professional flight attendants. We changed flights in Stuttgart and landed in Catania exhausted from a night of flying. In Catania one of the checked in suitcases did not arrive! Two days later the suitcase has still not arrived. Horrible, service and atrocious prices. 
  Atrocious customer service the landline never answered, online complaint form never answered or vaguely answered or rarely answered. They also remove, amend, cancel what you have type on their online form what they call eticket so as to hide their suspicious activities or behaviour. You have to fight to get your money back if you still have energy left after 3 months of constant harassment from me let alone 1 year if it happens that you need to claim a refund. It has been a very traumatic experience for me and as far as Im concerned this would be the last time I will be taking this airline.
  Thank you to the flight attendants of flight hx782 today, Monday the 27th. I left my phone in my seat on my flight and my phone made it to my next gate very quickly because the staff not only were wonderful but they care enough to not just put my phone in a box. I thank you from the bottom of my heart!
  I only carried a small backpack on my back, and a gift bag for my grandchildren, with two bears. The employee charged me 35 euros for the small gift bag. These people are prepared to rip you off. I will never return with this company. The mistreatment of passengers is unacceptable.
  The experience starts with the airline asking us to be at the airport 2 hours before the flight yet they do not open the check in both until 1.5 hrs before the flight. The airline asked me to check some hand luggage as I am boarding and hand me a receipt. Once I land, I wait for my hand luggage and it doesnt come out so I asked the people unloading where it was to which they respond to talk to the air line company. We go to their booth and there is no one there so we call and they do not pick up. After searching the airport and talking to people for 3 hrs. I find out the airline company only opens the booth when they have flights so if your flight lands and they do not have flights, you cannot reach them. They also do not pick up the phone unless you call in certain hours. The next day I manage to reach them on the phone and after wasting 2 hrs of my time, they say, there is nothing they can do since they are only a call center to book flights, even though thats the only number on their website. The only thing they say is that I had to report my lost luggage in person at the airport but after spending another 3 hrs that morning looking and waiting for their booth or ticket counter to open, they did not. After failing to reach their booth to report my lost luggage, I had to take my next flight. After landing I call them again and they refused to connect me to their airport department. . We also tried to send emails to them and the only response we got was to call or go to the airport in person. The next day we have some local family go to the airport and try to make a report and even after talking to us on the phone, they refused to accept the report saying we had to appear in person even though we had already left. They also claimed we had messed up by not reporting this so the bag was too far lost but they werent even available or answering calls! Worst flight company ever. I would not recommend it It seems to me that asking us to check in a hand bag last minute was on a half empty flight was a scam to steal it, so be careful if you choose to fly with them. Plenty of other companies are available for the same price.
  Worst airline I have ever flown with. No space in cabin, cramped and video screen doesnt work. They also totally overbook flights so I ended up not being able to fly even though I had booked and paid resulting in me missing important appointments. Terrible customer service as well. Whatever you do rather use another airline.
  Our return trip in May 2022 was cancelled while we were at the airport. I applied for a refund. Refund was approved. Still waiting for the money to be transferred into my account
Manchester  Ercan via Dalaman. Left on time and arrived early. Food average and baggage allowance good. No checking for excess charges. Extra leg room on return was money well spent. What I liked about Onur Air was that they were not always trying to sell products. Overall I was impressed.
  First time to fly with Hawaiian and by far the most reasonable carrier in USA I flew from SFOHNL on first class. The crew were nice and smiling and they offered welcome drinks an IPad for flight entertainment and a breakfast which was ok. Nothing special about it but adequate service over all. However the aircraft was old and the first class seat when fully recline is not comfortable at all for a sleep. Luckily it was a morning flight and didnt need to sleep. The highlight was the friendly smiling crew of Hawaiian something is missing in all other US carriers. And being a full service airline domestically even though they fly from international terminals.
  We flew on Sun Country from Minneapolis back to Denver it was one of the funniest flights I have ever been on. Our pilot was very friendly  he was retiring his entire family joined him on his final flight. The seats were very comfortable and our flight departed and arrived on time.
  One of the best flights I have been on between Oslo and Billund. I didnt know that this kind of service still exsisted. Excellent food and service. I know it cost a bit more but it is well spent money. I do recommend this airline which operates flights on behalf of British Airways.
  I purchased a ticket in November 2020 that had no COVID restrictions for transiting in Moscow, there is no policy for COVID testing when you transit Moscow. We were denied boarding for no COVID test, tho our destination, Turkey does not require any. We were denied boarding after being checked in, luggage tagged, boarding passes issued. Manager did not agree to ticket refund, tho it is a refundable ticket. 
 Not what is expected of a fullservice airline that isnt cheap. Decent leg room is the only thing we could compliment about. Very rude cabin staff, running out of food options and delayed flights are just some of the pain points. No WiFi option or infotainment system available. Not recommended when cheaper and better options are available.
  Purchased 4 tickets online. Wife and myself, one child and her friend. While boarding my wife and myself were ahead of our two kids, we passed the ticket counter with our carryons and proceeded to our seats. I get a text from my kid saying they stopped them from boarding because they had to pay for their carryon. Sun country charged them $50 per bag on the spot. On the return the kids went solo as my wife and I stayed three extra days. The girls were stopped again and charged $60 per bag. On my return with my wife no one stopped us and we walked in with our carryons. Why were the un accompanied kids charged for their carryons? Sun country, I will not fly your airline again and will not recommend it to anyone either.
  Reading some average reviews recently wasnt too sure about Thai Airways, but I had a great flight with them. Check in was fast and efficient as was boarding, on board the Thai product is still great. The cabin crew so friendly and service was attentive, meal was delicious and enough entertainment for this short 2hr hop. Only down side was the baggage delay in BKK.
 I flew or tried to fly with bmi Regional three times so far. Delays are always the case, twice my flight from Bristol to Dusseldorf was cancelled. The last time I sat on the aircraft with my little one on my lap for 40 mins to then find out that the delay now meant we were too late to land in Dusseldorf and therefore the flight was finally cancelled. My choice was waiting 24 hours, or come back the next morning and fly to an airport three hours away. Absolutely awful. Still trying to get a refund for my parking fees. The application has to be made online and replies take up to 30 working days. At least my flight was refunded in full, even though I feel like I should be getting paid for the hassle it always is. It is my best route from the UK to Germany but for above mentioned reasons Id rather fly Flybe and drive two more hours.
  I was extremely disappointed by their service. I am a professional golfer and was traveling for a tournament in Amsterdam via Brussels. My bag didnt arrive with me and they said it will arrive the next day. I called to see if it had arrived and they said my bag was in Brussels so I drove 2 hours to go get it. Turns out it wasnt there. I never received my bag the entire week, a week later when I arrived back at Madrid Barajas airport, my golf bag was abandoned on one of the belts. I emailed customer service about the damage they have caused but they stopped replying after a while AND I never received an apology. Truly disappointing.
 When traveling with such airlines you know you cannot expect much. No highquality service but at least the standard. Well...not with Batik I guess! To begin with, online checkin was not functional but that is not an issue. The checkin process in the counter was smooth. By the way, the airport in Bali is top class! When boarded the plane, it took literally 1.5 hour to complete boarding! They boarded people in groups every now and then. No announcements, no information, only some rumours from the flight attendants that the checkin system was broken. After departing with a 90 minute delay, and while there was no reference from the pilot and not even a typical apology, the flight service was also a delight. No surprise, you had to pay for everything on the plane but at least they should be accepting cards. It seems that Batik is an old fashioned merchant who asks only for cash and gives no receipts. The entertainment system is just typical. A collection of 1020 movies, most of which were Indonesian, the rest mainly from Bollywood and a couple of Hollywood movies which I have never heard of. If you attempt to read the airline magazine you need to know how to read in Indonesian. No English. The same with many signs and guidelines in the aircraft. Very few were in both languages. The crew was not rude, but not polite either. It was always that awkward situation where they go only by the book when announcing things or when taking actions. When we finally landed, we were asked to stay in the aircraft for another 30 minutes for no obvious reason. Overall, the airline needs to change many things to become at least a standard service provider. I should mention here that the ticket from Bali to Perth one way was not at all cheap.
 I have always found Air Asia over the years to be very clinical. Always on time and you get what you pay for really. Its a low cost carrier with no frills. I have never had any concerns to fly with them. That will continue to remain the same.
  Since I never received a Boarding Pass due to no one being at the counter to fly back to Montreal, it can not be a verified review unless I use the one on 8 November, 2019 which had the same issues except I didnt miss my flight. You see Porter Airlines on has someone at the counter for 1 hr prior to the flight and that is the only way you can receive your boarding pass, which is a ridiculous practice and I can not imagine that this policy serves them well. On November 10, 2019 I arrived at Dulles Airport 55 minutes prior to my departure time due to a traffic incident. I go to the counter to find it empty and no one to give me a boarding pass, I called their customer service no. to be received by a very rude person stating that I should have been there one hour ahead of my flight, which I would have if not stuck on the 95 in Washington DC, I was 5 minutes short. You can not use a kiosk to get your boarding pass and you can not get a mobile boarding pass. I had to buy another flight on another airline in a different airport to get back home. In Montreal I was 2 hrs early for my flight and again no one was at the counter, and even though I was early I had to stand there waiting for someone to come to work at Porter to get a boarding pass, so instead of getting through security and customs a bit early I was rushed and running to my gate. I will never use this airline again.
LutonBodrum. Flight on time fast checkin. It was a 3x3 configuration and asked for an aisle seat and told wed have to sit adjacent both on the aisle no different to other budget airlines. Glad we did that on this airline as theres no doubt in my mind that the seat pitch is one of the smallest for a budget airline. Width OK but neither of us is remotely tall yet the pocket on the seat in front was brushing my knees even when empty of the things I usually stuff in it! Seemed quite claustrophobic for those by the window and middle worse if the seat in front gets tipped back. Plane in good condition clean and everything that was supposed to work was working. Cabin staff a trifle remote  is smiling banned? Tin of Coke cost £2.70 and assume everything else was expensive too. Followed advice on this site and took our own drinkssnacks. Inbound comments a week later would be the same as those above asked for 2 aisle seats and got them but passengers behind us not so lucky. Stewardesses smiled a bit more this time. During turbulence they walked down the aisle halfheartedly checking seatbelts were done up but werent bothered if they couldnt actually see. Both directions they seem to get the luggage off fast  assume quick turnaround required. Safety briefings in English. All in all Id use them again though not necessarily as my first budget choice  need another couple of inches between me and the seat in front.
  There was not enough space in the lockers over our seats for our luggage and the staff split our luggage group of 7 in several lockers all over the aircraft. After our landing, we had to wait all passengers to get off the plane and take our luggage.
 Flew Air Astana from Astana to Frankfurt. All very easy and positive, nice people, good food, comfortable seat and all on time, what more can you ask for? Wonderful safety video performed by silhouette actors, so good that I watched it in all three languages, very clever! Tablet screen just a little disappointing but had a good range of films.
  Rome to Athens. This must be the worst flight I have ever had. One of the most uncomfortable planes I have ever been on. Rude air hostesses which where talking down to passengers and giggling all through the flight at the back of the plane. I am surprised they are still allowed to fly with such service and state of aircraft. Only positive in the whole trip was the ground staff service at transfer desk.
  We arrived hours early enough to get in line. We were met by the apocalypse! There was a huge long line that was never ending. We got in line and were in line for two hours. This was the line to check a bag NOT security. There was such mayhem that they eventually just starting calling out flights and having people jockey to get up to drop bags so that the plane could leave. This turned into one giant cluster. Everyone was pushing and there was no line. To top it off they were not fully staffed to handle the number of flights that were departing. I have never seen such incompetence in my life and I fly often. I will never fly Sun Country again. They knew their flight schedule and number of passengers ahead of time and could have planned accordingly.
  This airline is really bad. The made me waiting a couples hours to finally announce that our flight were cancelled, the send to hotel terrible on Cancun with out ac. The transportation pick up at 5.30 arrived to the airport, flight delayed again, waiting for pilots and staff, finally get in on the airplane they told us they have problems with plane. Arrived to Miami, bags not found, no information? They forget our bags on Cancun, finally around 3 hours walking on the aropuerto 1 person from the airline explain what happed. They given us by one by one our bag. Dont ever trust with those people, they dont care about passengers or child.
  New York to Delhi via Moscow. The major reason behind traveling in Aeroflot is cheaper fare for the last minute booking. Although the service quality was not very good it gave me value for money. The check in process was smooth and departing terminal was quite empty. Check in agent was courteous. Cabin crews were helpful but language was the bar.  The food quality was not so good. Particularly for the SVODEL flight. Not only the quality, but also quantity was very low.  The inlfight entertainment was not good for nonRussian passengers. lthough they provides Wifi connectivity, but no free data. Also, data was costly. It would be good to have a small amount may be 20 MB of free data.
  Absolutely horrible customer service. We werent even able to board the flight, due to them not checking us in. We were notified that our flight got delayed the night before, and we werent aware that the check in times were that rigid and remained the same although the flight got massively delayed. We arrived 20 minutes later than the original check in time and not only were we denied boarding, but the staff were extremely mean and unprofessional about it, including mocking us in a language we did not understand. We will make sure to avoid flying with this extremely unprofessional airline in the future.
  Montreal to Cancun. Sunwing confirmed to us and on several occasions over the past week they have reimbursed us for our entire trip as it was impossible for us to travel due to the Covid19. As we had not received the reimbursement, we contacted them today to find out what was going on and they told us that ultimately they were not going to reimburse us, even though we had a verbal and email agreement reimbursement. 
  Sorry  Air TZ email and ticketing info is the worst, and staff tries to blame it on you. If I could give negative 10 stars for the stress caused by this trip, I would. Sorry, another story about bad customer service and Air TZ. My friend and I both booked tickets and came to the terminal in the Jomo Kenyatta Airport Nairobi marked for Air TZ departures. However, after getting through security, we were told it was the wrong terminal. By the time we got to the correct one, the checkin gate was closed. And although there was time, we were told the flight was ready to go. They left 20 minutes early with 4 missing passengers. Wondering how we could have not gotten the right terminal, we looked over all communication we had gotten from Air TZ. There was no terminal, gate, or seat information, and only boarding time was listed. Also, when we tried to checkin online the night before and that morning, the website was full of processing errors and we each only had the tickets for the second leg of our two leg journey issued. On going to the local Nairobi office to rebook, they insisted we would have to pay a change fee. One of us had booked through a third party, and they blamed the poor email communication on that, even though all ticketing information we received from Air TZ directly looked the same for both of us. The worst thing is that local staff lied and said no other passengers had missed the flight and refused to call the airport to see if the signage was actually mismarked for the terminal! They said it was our responsibility to call customer service if we couldnt find terminal and gate information on our tickets. I pointed out that it was impossible they expect every passenger to do so. They also said it was standard to arrive 3 hours early for international flights, and if we had done so, we would have not missed it. Really? 3 hours early for a 2 hour flight? Having taken a 13 hour flight a few weeks prior, that airline only required us to show up 90 minutes early. So they want us to show up 3 hours ahead because of their poor communication and they are allowed to leave 20 minutes early? Lastly, when we were issued tickets for the rebooked departure  which we had to pay for, in addition to forfeiting our vacation hotel booking that night  all the information that was missing before was also missing on these tickets. Never again will I take Air Tanzania.
  Disappointed and would not recommend if you have a connecting flight. They will board the plane and make everyone wait until they fill in more seats before the plane is willing to take off. Held up the plane 30 minutes waiting for more passengers to be added resulting in unnecessary delays. Then sat on tarmac another 15 minutes. So inconsiderate for the passengers who count on the plane leaving on time.
  Prior to our flight from Lima to Cusco, Peruvian Airlines switched the departure, which fortunately didnt cause an issue. Now, while in Cusco we received an email telling us that the airline has pushed back our return trip back by 3 hours, meaning we will not make our connection back from Lima to the US. They have switched our itinerary 3 times now, which is not something Ive experienced on any other airline. Im currently trying to switch the flight to return on an earlier flight, so wish me luck! Also, the seats on the plane have the least leg room Ive ever seen. Its a joke!
We used Israir last summer for a flight TelAviv Rome and Rome Tel Aviv. The flight was moved a day earlier on the way to Rome and one day later for the return flight. So using Israir is like not having a reservation! We tried again today to fly Israir from Tel Aviv to Eilat the flight is now 4 hours late  considering it takes 45 minutes to fly to Eilat!
  Jakarta to Denpasar. This would have to be the worst airline that I have ever flown with. Our first check in online at Jakarta, had the flight on time, but alas we arrived to the airport the flight was delayed 3 hours, due to what they said was technical fault. No service from the air hostesses on the flight, I was glad to get off. Then on our return trip from Denpasar back to Jakarta, another 4 hour delay and  more technical difficulties.
  Hong Kong to Beijing. A very good solid service. The food is not ideal but satisfying. In flight entertainment was not working but was advised of this at check in. The boarding procedure was fast and the captain made adequate announcements keeping us informed at all times. The seat has a good recline pitch and is quite comfortable for the short trip.
  The connection flight was delayed. I had 3h to wait on airport instead of 1h. Then my luggage didnt come with this flight, so I had to wait another 3h for another flight with my luggage. They said its better to wait because my luggage will not be delivered to my address in 7 days. The place for waiting had only vending machines, no food at all! Terrible experience for such a short flight! It took a a whole day to travel from Zagreb to Berlin.
  I booked a flight online through an agency for a return flight to Adelaide from Melbourne. The conference I was in ran late and I missed my return flight. I rang the support help line and the rude supervisor informed me the ticket had been cancelled with no chance of getting me on another flight, or a refund. She was totally rude and unwilling to help me. I had to book on another airline at my expense to get home. Will never recommend this mob to anyone, they should stick to regional flights and not try to mix it with the professional carriers in domestic flights. They should also try employing polite reasonable supervisors with customer service in mind. I rang them and spoke to a service person, who went and asked her supervisor who refused to transfer me onto another flight, but just cancelled my ticket with no refund. Disgraceful
  I had booked to fly Jet2 for a family holiday, and with the coronavirus, we increasingly knew that restrictions on movement meant it was increasingly likely our flights would not go ahead as planned. Zero contact or updates from Jet2. I logged into my account to manage my booking and low and behold find out my flights have been cancelled. No email, no phone call, nothing. Had I not logged in I would not have known. I then called their customer services to request a refund. The lady I spoke with tried to encourage me to rebook what a joke, Jet2 have no idea when the route will be open for business. She then told me I would receive a refund which was £100 less than what I paid. Only by insisting she go through my booking details and then advising her of what I paid for did she agree to refund the full, actual amount I paid. Time will tell in the next few days if I actually get the full refund, fortunately I am covered by my credit card. I wouldnt book these cowboys again. They had a great opportunity to provide great service, yet failed at each hurdle. Never again.
SYDParkes return travelling alone so had A seat config is AaisleBC the SAAB 340 is a good little plane and smooth. Friendly and efficient attendant both sectors. Tea coffee water and biscuits or chip snack served on this short 45 min flight. Good landings booking checkin boarding all quick and simple and the bag was on the carousel in Sydney as soon as I got inside.
  Flew Virgin America from San Francisco to Austin. 3.5 hours late because no pilots available and all we got was a $15 voucher good for today only. Pathetic. I used to think Virgin was better than the rest but not anymore. United at least gives you a $100 voucher to use on another flight good for a year when they are this late.
Cityjet planes are getting run down and not being cleaned properly. It has got worse in the last year with dirty windows you need to scrape off the grime and floors seats and magazine holder areas that often have food and waste in them. Food gets changed supposedly for the better but sandwiches dry and tasteless or just a biscuit pack or unhealthy snacks. Soon to be disposed off by KLM  Air France and hopefully the LCYAMS and Paris Orly Routes will be taken back by KLM and AF and operated with their own crew and KLM and AF planes. They also raised the base price for a case and even just 25 of miles by £40! Not paying for this standard so starting flights with KLM proper from LHR for £99 new 7378900s and Embraer 190s. Also benefit from my Gold card perks of fast track separate check in priority luggage and the great Skyteam lounge at T4. Cityjet have really gone downhill the last 18 months and it gets worse.
Flew from Sydney to Fuzhou. Food was fantastic, some meals had both Chinese and Western choices, such as fried rice or pasta. Seat can be reclined. You are free to roam after seat belt signs are off. Toilets are pretty clean but flushing was unpleasant. You are not allowed to use mobile devices, or tablet devices however laptops and computers can be used but need to turn off WIFI. Entertainment included popular movies, a kids section, brief history, games section, CCTV report on the airline, and adult sections. There were also maps provided and the shopping all on PTV. There were several drinks services of juices and soft drinks. PTV is provided in 5 languages  Chinese, English, French, Japanese and Korean. Flight attendants are pleasant but tend to be a little annoyed if you call them when they are serving another passenger.
  Truly excellent experience with Lufthansa. Flight delayed over 2 hours due to storms in FRA, and therefore all transfer passengers would definitely miss their connecting flights as we would land after 11pm. Despite this, the crew were extremely friendly and helpful, dealt with everybodys concerns calmly and professionally, and even served free drinks in economy. Hats off to Lufthansa  and the ground crew that then also took care of us all very well and with patience and good humour
 Lots to like about this flight but are few negative points. The good Great value as purchased 9 months in advance and travel was at Easter, excellent checkin, lounge given OW Status, boarding was efficient and on time departure. Midnight departure so snack bag and water given less than 10 mins after seat belt sign off letting everyone get to sleep. Minimal announcements and big breakfast served 2.5 hours before arrival. Leg room great, toilets always clean, staff very attentive. The Improvements Seat base is thin and while leg room great I found the seat thin and uncomfortable, Toilets, 3 shared amongst 150 economy and Premium economy pax, so while clean there was always a line. Movie range was a bit limited, great system but minimal new movies. Overall still a great way to get to Japan from Melbourne, leave at midnight and arrive at 9am, no time lost. WiFi while active was never strong enough to do anything.
  Malindo Air has changed my flight time without reason, I call back many time service center, it not pick up and failure system setting. Then I email 6x urgent email to recall me back. From my last experience, it take 1 month to reply which i already done travelling.  No reply, no answer. It seems that the air ticket just burn out like that? .
 Very poor service. I have had to use multiple times due to being the only option on a particular route but every time my flights have been heavily delayed or cancelled. Due to staffing issues but they lie and blame other factors to avoid paying compensation. No support when flights get cancelled, very poor quality airline. Completely unreliable and with flight cancellations, youll likely be stuck with no solution and no one to help. Pay a little extra and fly with a different airline or use another airport, its worth every penny avoiding. Most recent experience, flight cancelled while at the airport after multiple delays this is the 3rd time of this happening in the space of a few months with zero support or help, stuck for days trying to travel.
  Taipei to Vancouver. The onboard experience was fine. The problem with this airline is the ground customer service and codeshare system. I have no idea why, but China Airlines would not allow me to select my seats in advance or even change my seats at checkin. It seems that some tickets simply do not have an online checkin or seat selection option. You are forced to get to the checkin desk when it opens about 3hrs before a flight and try to get them to change the seat they assign to you. This creates a mad rush at checkin, and a strong likelyhood of not sitting with your companion and getting the middle seat. This is exactly what happened to me in Taipei. I flew in on a codeshare flight with Vietnam Airlines. There was no online checkin option for the China Airlines portion of the flight. At checkin in Saigon, China Airlines automatically assigned my wife and me to two middle seats in different rows not together. I asked the Vietnam Airlines agent if we could change the seat assignments, but they were unable to access seating for China Airlines. When I got to Taipei for the connection, I went to the China Airlines office to change the seats, and they said all seats were assigned and the flight was full, but that the boarding counter could probably do something. I went to the boarding gate, and they said they would make a note of this. I asked what that meant, and they said they would tell the stewardess. I asked what that meant, and they said the stewardess would look for spare seats. I asked why they couldnt see if there were any spare seats, and the boarding gate said they could, and there were none, but maybe someone would be too sick to fly. There was no attempt to look for people that were willing to move from one seat to another to accommodate my wife and I sitting together. No effort what so ever, they just wanted to tell me they took my name. The boarding agents said it was a common problem that people could not checkin online or select their seats in advance. The boarding agents even laughed as I walked away. The problem is not just the boarding agents, its China Airlines inability to allow online checkin or seat selection on booking flights. Im not sure why they dont have a system that would do this? Regardless, I will not fly with this airline again.
 Budapest to Tel Aviv with El Al Israel Airlines. This is the absolute worse airline to fly with. I fly 3 times a year, I have never had a problem this serious with an aircraft. Their customer service is a joke. No one answers. The website doesnt work when you want to check in or order a luggage. Do yourselves a favor and dont fly with this airline.
We booked and paid for a business air fare thru Expedia from Rio de Janeiro to Auckland. After booking we received an email from TAM saying aircraft change meant no business class was available are we are now premium economy. Turned up to check in at Rio to be told no premium economy or business class on flight, and are now economy! After 1.5 hrs being taken from one supervisor to the other with no success they finally booked us on economy class, and then informed us that our connecting flight with Air New Zealand also had no business class  a lie also as we are frequent fliers with them  so they would only book is in premium economy for the Buenos Aires to Auckland to flight. By this stage it was only 40 minutes to departure and just took the boarding passes! When we boarded the Rio to Buenos Aires flight, there was business class  then on our arrival in Buenos Aires we went to Air New Zealand and they changed our boarding passes to the business seats we had purchased! We were lied to by 5 different staff members of TAM airlines and just left at the counter for up to 30 mins at a time until we got hold of another supervisor. I would advise to fly any other airline unless you want to be lied or cheated out of your money! Also in flight entertainment broken to top it off.
  Jakarta to Taipei. The flight was supposed to depart at 1410 from Jakarta to Taipei, but it was delayed for 1 hour 40 minutes due to technical problem. No reconciliation provided by the airline for this delay to the passengers. Our first time to fly China Airlines, and disappointing. They shall not fly problematic aircraft unless that is all they can afford. Will not fly China Airlines anymore.
  Colombo to Singapore. The check in at Colombo was extremely pleasant and the agent went above and beyond to ensure I had the seats I wanted, however this was the end of anything good about Silk Air. I found the crew to be robotic, unfriendly and rude. Meal service is mediocre.  The worst part about Silk Air is that there is no entertainment, besides the app. Silk Air has disappointed me in the past but this trip with them is my final one. The cabin ambiance is depressing and they need to step up their game.
  I checked in 24hours before my flight so that I could sit at the front window seat but when I went to board, they made me move to the back aisle seat because the plane wasnt full and they needed me to balance the plane. After they forced me to move, they failed to clear an error with my boarding and decided to offload my bag from the plane instead of checking whether I was onboard or not. I landed at 4pm, its now after 11am the next day, I still dont have my bag and no one is answering my calls. I wont fly with them again.
  Have flown this route many times but a first on the non stop flight of 17.5 hours. So much better than a change of planes on the way. Seat was very comfortable, as it needed to be, in a small cabin. Good wines and food, nice attentive crew, lovely quiet plane to fly in. A very good experience and have recovered very quickly from time change
  I booked flight for my parents from Delhi to Vancouver via Beijing. I prebooked my fathers wheelchair he can not walk or stand for longer because of permanent leg injury and their meals AVML since they are pure vegetarian. It was connecting flight through Beijing. All was going well until they reached Beijing. The wheelchair assist guy took advantage of their age and language barrier. He took them to gate no 32. He then asked for money. My parents told him that they couldnt understand, so he wrote on a paper in English that he wants money to take them to gate. They Didnt know what was happening, after trying to understand him they gave him 400 INR. He asked for more, my parents were not carrying more cash in their hand baggage so they denied outcome of which he left them at gate no 32 and went away saying something in Chinese which they clearly dont understand. They waited there for 2 hours and then my mother decided to go for a walk around and look for the gate number for their next flight because they eventually figured it out that they are stranded on wrong gate. She found a few Indians sitting near gate number 19 who guided her and told her that they are supposed to reach gate number 16 which was really not anywhere near gate number 32. She rushed back to my father and told him the scenario. They couldnt find any other ground staff near by who could understand them so she decided to take my father on a wheelchair by her own along with the 2 hand bags they were carrying. They made it till gate number 20 when someone showed up to help after maybe observing them struggling. The nightmare didnt end there, after taking off for next flight, they were offered Fish to eat. They told the crew that they are vegetarian I booked AVML which is reflected on their tickets too and cant eat fish. The crew told them that since there is no vegetarian option available, they have to either eat it or wait for landing to eat in Vancouver. They didnt eat for 12 hours of flight.  I have read about people sharing their experience but never imagined that something like this could happen to my family. How does some big airlines do such kind of money business without having feelings for their passengers? 
 Dont think I would ever fly this airline again during holiday season. They cancelled two flights in my son in Denver, telling passengers the last minute and all the whole saying the flight was delayed. Then they refused to even offer any accommodations to stranded flyers who had to spend Xmas eve and Xmas day on the airport floor. We waited 5 hours in hold to try to get another flight. Horrible experience all the way around. They also had no flights into Monday and cancelled my other sons flight on Tuesday 1227. We ended up using United much better!
I found the Monarch Airlines service very good. The crew were very attentive and eager to assist. The aircraft was clean. The check in was quick and we landed early on the outward journey, coming back the weather was very windy and we were advised that we may have to divert, but the captain made a text book landing and we were 5 mins early. I would certainly travel with Monarch Airlines again.
  Full flight, delayed departure due to strike, arrived almost on time though. Seat was a bit small due to 222 arrangement which is a little bit inappropriate for this type of aircraft. Service was exceptional, the attitude of the cabin crew seems to be the strength of Air France. Food was excellent, signature of known chefs.
HKGBKKHKG. Outbound Flight HX765 delayed by almost 2 hrs Inbound Flight HX762 delayed by around 30 mins. Flight delay seems to be a norm at this airline. Only pork bun and basic drinks were served inflight. Aircrafts were slightly old. Limited choices of Inflight Entertainment. However the flight attendants are young energetic and eager to serve.
  What a great airline! Very spartan, no free amenities, you pay for anything humble that you eat or drink. No blankets, no pillows, no movies, no mini screen just for you, no wifi. Very comfortable seats though. No nothing you are used to and pay through the nose for on regular airlines. But wow, what a great new airline. First time I have had young, attractive, friendly, helpful flight attendants males and females. They wear red. They are cheerful. Not one unpleasant selfcentred passengers on my trips. The airline is based in Iceland and the PLAY planes are red. Bright red all over. $404 dollars for a roundtrip ticket to Spain. For that kind of cost I have no problem bringing my own sandwiches and soft drinks into the plane. We had a lot of heavy turbulence in January flying over the Atlantic but the captain explained about the wind and current flows and assured us we were not going to die. I cant say enough good things about this airline and I have travelled all over the world for years and years. I used to fly Pan Am a lot so you can assume I am no spring chicken when it comes to flying. I hope PLAY stays a guarded secret but successful by those of us who have experienced it. In other airlines we would all have been treated like riffraff in the back of the plane. Thank you PLAY and see you again soon. My flight number was MOY45B, but I am home now and certainly didnt SAVE my boarding passes or any other ephemera of the journey. I am sending this review anyway because this is a great new airline.
  Los Angeles to Cusco via Lima. We were pleasantly surprised when Lan Airlines delivered our luggage 1 hour from the airport the day after we landed. American Airlines in the U.S. didnt tell us sbout collecting our luggage in Lima before flying to Cusco must go through Customs, so it never arrived in Cusco. Lan Airlines Personnel were very helpful to fill the forms out, and to deliver was unexpected. Thanks for helping make our trip great!
Hangzhou to Shenzhen in economy. Check in was a breeze airport is modern. Flight wasnt full so able to move seats and not have a person next to me. Seats were fine decent recline. Food was terrible noodles with some ground pork and sauce. All in all flight was fine because it was short and on time. Flight attendants seemed professional. But drinks and food were quite bad even for a chinese airline.
  Please never book a flight with this airline. I got stuck in Madrid with a group of 15 people that had all been overbooked. We were promised monetary compensation which I never received after months of dealing with customer support who simply sends out prewritten automatic emails. The few bucks saved are not worth the anger and frustration having to deal with their unprofessional service. I never write reviews, but after this experience I hope I can help somebody else not make my mistake again.
  Never again. I fly every week  Im not using this airline again. My 3.20pm flight has still not left  it is now 5.36pm. The engines have not started up yet  the communications have been appalling on the continued delays all afternoon! I had booked assistance, and stupidly thought, it would not be required as its such a short flight. Im now in agony, very stressed  not so much as an apology from the Airline. Ill be taking my regular business travel elsewhere.
 Flight from Kolkata, which was supposed to depart at 6.40 am was delayed due to technical difficulties till 11.30. All passengers, myself included, missed their connecting flights and the airline in no way gave even a shred of consideration for something that is entirely their fault. Extremely disgusted by Air India and will never fly it again. Recommend all to find other airlines which will actually reach you to your destination.
  Purchased $2200 of fares to Bali before Malindo ceased Australian operations. Refund requests submitted but ignored. When pushed, they will promise to process but they then go to ground and ignore you.
 Denpasar to Manado via Surabaya. We waited over 2 hours in Bali and was told first it was a technical issue and would be 15 minutes then 30 mins and so on till over 2 hours later we left for Surabaya. Lion staff would have known for sure that we would miss Our connecting flight from Surabaya to Manado but still sent us. We landed and after 1 hour was told yes, we had missed the flight and would now spend the night at the Ibis Budget hotel in a tiny cigarette smelling room. We lost our hotel accommodation in Manado. Also connecting flight next day to Tenate and hotel room for the next night. All because Lion air failed. Very dissappointing.
PMVBLA recently on a Beech 1900 aircraft I can call it an intensive flying experience in this small turboprop plane! Anyhow the cabin appeared to be as a bit filthy and quite dirty. All in all not really remarkable.
  Jakarta Halim Perdanakusuma to Yogyakarta. It was a Monday morning flight, so it wasnt crowded both at the checkin queue and the boarding room. I got a little high price compared to another airlines in the same route. But it is no problem. Batik Air gives enough legroom, except if you are more than 180 cm tall. And they give you a little snack some bread, and a bottle of 330 ml mineral water. I think the service is okay. Unfortunately, the IFE in this flight was inactive. But I dont care about IFE as long as it is a lessthantwohour flight.
San Francisco to Los Angeles, this was an excellent flight on a very good airline. I like Virgin America with their modern, simplistic approach with a focus on the things that matter and not others which cost money. The plane was modern, clean and streamlined with intimate lighting for an early evening flight from SFO to LAX. The service was friendly appreciating that at this time most of the passengers just want to relax. I was very impressed with Virgin America and will fly with them again.
  Palembang to Jakarta. Absolutely disgusted with this airline. I arrived at 5.00pm for my 6.40pm flight and was shocked to see it rescheduled for 9.15pm. When I spoke to the CS, they informed me that they had just got the information and that is the reason why nobody was informed. They directed me to their ticket office to air my complaint. There were 2 young women in there, I proceeded to ask one of them if there was an earlier flight, she said she would check and walked out. The other one quietly informed me that there was no other flight. The other one came back as though she had consulted someone and said she checked and there were no more flights.  I then left to check in and was shocked that the BP said boarding time was 8.45pm, meaning they had known long enough to print it out on the BP. My checks revealed the plane had not been on time for the past 3 weeks. Very disappointed with the horrible service and lack of empathy. 
  Luanda to So Paulo. Faulty seat, did not allow me to adjust the seat at all! The worst issue is that the staff knew about various at least 3 faulty seats in business class. The staff avoided my request to try to resolve and offered no solution as business class was full. I had booked a family of 5 passengers all on business class and to say that this ruined my holiday is an understatement. First class was 90 empty, but no offer at all was entertained. I am a frequent traveler and must say this has been my worst trip ever, stayed awake throughout the night and no apology received at all. 
  Very disappointed with Air New Zealand. Ill avoid flying with Air New Zealand if I can in the future. On both occasions this year it has departed late, 45mins when flying to US and 0ne hour this time flying to Asia which made me miss a connection in the US and recently bags did not arrive at final destination due to late arrival for connecting flight. Barely had 30mins to run to connecting terminal. Also running out of food in Biz class is a first. On the occasion Ive flown biz class with other airlines Ive never experienced this. Portions were very small and Im a small eater. Barely had any service for snacks in between meals So was quite hungry. Service wasnt impressive by comparison to other airlines. I think Air New Zealand can do better and spend $ on improving service plus departing on time rather than fancy adverts.
  Taipei to Hong Kong with Hong Kong Airlines was a short, comfortable flight. I checked in online and bag drop took about five minutes. There was a slight delay, of about 30 minutes, on the flight. Boarding was very quick as there werent that many people, considering the size of the aircraft. There was a small meal and drinks service which was quite surprising for such a short flight. The seats were comfortable enough, for such a short flight, and the legroom was adequate enough.
 This is the worst airline in Japan I have ever flown. I flew Peach earlier, which is also a budget airline in Japan, but the staff were not nearly as obnoxious as the staff of Vanilla Air. You will probably pay a lot extra than initially stated on the website, and the staff will make sure that they take your last penny. They also do not allow eboarding pass, but I am not sure whether it is a Japanese thing or a Vanilla Air thing. I mean, if you are a budget traveler like me, you will probably still choose this airline no matter what, hope the best to happen, and may or may not end up with an angry review here.
Travelling on my own with my 2.5 year old who was sitting on own paid seat which the flight attendant tried to accuse us of taking up the space. All other airlines including budget airlines like Easyjet and Ryan Air allow you to bring a stroller and check in a car seat. If flying with Meridiana  you have to either use your luggage allowance or pay for it. So not family friend for those with small children. Planes are not wellmaintained. They are aging and grubby. Mixed interaction with staff, half of which were not happy to be on a full flight filled with a lot of kids. I will not be flying this airline again.
  They canceled my flight and did not notify me. I had to look the flight up myself to find out. Then they would only refund with a voucher that they wont send for 2 weeks and that expires in 12 months. So I will have already left Europe by the time I get it and will probably never be able to use it. I couldnt find a new flight within the same day because it was such short notice which screwed up plans for accommodation that I cant get refunded and so on. The stress and money they have cost me is crazy.
  London to Mumbai in December 2018. Staff absolutely useless. My child meals were prebooked by the travel agent and the staff did not supply any food for my child saying the travel agent messed it up!! Seriously? My travel documents had information of meals booked and staff decided their own things. Absolute idiots. the service is bogus, planes are dirty, toilets are disgusting. Seats are not cleaned before boarding the planes.  Never using Jet Airways again.
Amsterdam  Minsk 23072014 Minsk  Amsterdam 30072014. Brand new Embraer 195 that was delivered in May 2014. Good seat pitch config 22. Flight packed but air hostess made everyone feel comfortable. Given a sandwich and a selection of soft drinks. Good value for money comfortable and enjoyable experience overall. Would even suggest it rivals Lufthansa and Austrian Airlines that fly to Minsk in terms of overall experience.
  Denpasar to Malang. I got message 1 day before that flight will be an hour earlier. Then I got to the airport in hurry and the flight is delay for 3 hours. Price for the ticket is more than usual and still bad service. If there is other direct flight for my destination i will never use this flight
  Gatwick to Cancun. We had a flight originally leaving Gatwick at 9am. After waking up early to get to the airport I decided to check the flight details to see if there were any minor delays. What I found was a 6 hour delay! We understand delays are now and again part of flying. Im disappointed but the delay isnt the issue. There is no information anywhere online and no answer from Thomas Cook via phone as to why such a delay.  We arrive at the airport as we found out you still have to check in for the original scheduled flight time. We were handed a piece of paper and a voucher for £10 food and drink in the airport. The information explained the plane we originally were using was out of action and we were now having to fly with Wamos. Surely a decision to borrow another airlines plane wouldnt have been made last minute which made us ask why we are only just finding out?  First issue we have a £10 voucher   6 hour delay, and only a £10 voucher. Now fed up of sitting in an airport spending more that we wanted and now slightly bored we started to board.  Once in the air after a few attempts to fix the inflight entertainment cabin crew gave up. 10 hours with no entertainment. Im 5ft 4 and found I had very little leg room and I feel sorry for those people a bit taller. Rude and unhelpful cabin crew. On different occasions the questions were asked of them with responses  its not our fault we are doing our best we are having a bad day at least you guys are getting compensation.  We had a meal thrust at us and before we could ask what it was he was off. When asked if we could change it we were told no. Even though other cabin crew were giving people a choice. 
  We booked our flight from Toronto to Auckland on Cathay. Not an efficient route, but the fare was better than other routings and we have always appreciated the inflight service. Things went OK on the outbound flight although they rescheduled our flight several times. At least they notified us of the changes, Three days before our return flight, I went on line to check our departure time and there was a notice that our flights had been cancelled. They did not advise us, they did not try to rebook us. There was an option to click a button and request a refund only. In a panic, I called the NZ number on their website and got a message that the number was not in service. The only way I could communicate was a Whats App chat. After hours on this chat, the agent offered me a routing through New York which would get us home two days later than planned. Not great, but better than nothing. I said I would take it upon which she said it was not really available because the last leg was on American Airlines and they would need approval. She said my only option was to depart four days later on the original routing. I told her our visa expired on the original date and she said this was not Cathays problem. Mercifully, her shift ended and I got shunted to a new agent who was willing to try and get us on the JFK flight. She said I would have to wait for email confirmation. After an agonizing day of waiting for this confirmation, I went on line and saw that the American flight was confirmed but that the two Cathay flights were waitlisted! Back to the chat and more hours wasted to get all flights confirmed. I have never had a situation where an airline cancels your flight and that is the end of the story, I still cannot believe they did not advise us or try to rebook us without our intervention. We will never book with Cathay again as we have lost all confidence in this airline.
  This is by far the worst airline ever. I have had my ticket changed by phone due to weather issues from a midnight flight to a 540 pm flight, and they confirmed it to me by phone, and by the time I was at the airport they told me that my ticket has been canceled, and that I need to buy new tickets for my family and I to go back to Dubai. They refused to cooperate with me, the call center would say that they have raised it to a department and the ticketing office would say its not our problem and asked me to deal with call center. They kept fooling around until the flight was about to close and I was forced to by new tickets to go back home at a ridiculous high price. And now they are refusing to refund my previous return ticket.  I will never book this airline or recommend anyone to book it, and if The Kingdom expects to bring in more tourists through this airline and with this customer service, then good luck. And if I could rate this airline a zero rather than 1 star I would do so!
  Pokhara to Kathmandu. I received very good service by Yeti Airlines at Pokhara and Kathmandu airport on 1st Dec 2018. Due to fog, my flight was delayed. I had a connecting flight to Delhi from Kathmandu to Delhi at 1445. The Staff at Pokhara Airport were very helpful to my request to advance my booking to an earlier flight and ensured my luggage was loaded in the cabin itself, so that I could get it first when I landed at Kathmandu. At Kathmandu, the staff unloaded my luggage and took me in the small van to the terminal, so I could leave the airport quickly. I would rate this as excellent service. On my next trek in Nepal, I would fly this airline again.
  London to Rome return. Not a good experience. Because of Covid19 restrictions, everything is an excuse for not comply. Customer service does not exist, ground and cabin staff service are very poor, and often staff is impolite. Quality of food and drinks on board is despicable. I do not recommend this airline for shortmedium haul flights.
  All four legs were right on time. The seating was fine. The A330 out of JFK has angled lie flat seats, which are obviously not the latest and best but which I always find perfectly adequate. The domestic flights were on brand new Embraers with 1x2 seating and ample pitch. Based on this experience, the airline seems to have the basics really pulled together. The only disappointment was the catering. Dinner on the way down was served sloppily congealed olive oil, no sp, cling wrap on the dishes and really unappetizing. And whats with the generic and generically tasting red or white? wine service? Shouldnt the flagship airline of this wonderful wine country take some pride and feature the best of their production? But I dont fly to eat and I didnt on the way back, there is predeparture sustenance in the lounge though not in ARs own lounge at EZE and the fares are good. So overall, a reasonable experience.
  Very disappointed with this airline. We had our flight booked for Cancun to Portland from 2pm  9pm on the 28th with a short layover in Guadalajara. To start, our first flight from Cancun was delayed 40 minutes, making us late to Guadalajara and our flight to Portland had already left before we arrived. The flight attendants did not know how to help us in the slightest, we were redirected to several different employees all over the airport before finally being directed back to the main lobby and had to wait in line just to speak with the check in staff. When we were finally seen, the employee accused us of missing our flight and when we explained that it is was not our fault he told us the only available flight was the following day at 930am and that we would have to pay for an additional Covid19 test before he could provide us with the boarding passes. I wont even get into how terrible the process was to get the test done. After, we returned to the check in desk for our boarding passes and had to wait 40 minutes before being seen again. A different employee helped us this second time and again insisted it was our fault that our flight was missed, this person barely spoke English and had to translate through text which was fine, as long as we got through however, he kept walking away from the desk to ask a coworker questions and obviously was having trouble getting our flight figured out. Once he was finally able to do so we were told that we would not be able to check our luggage in until the following morning, mind you this at 7pm. So in addition to having to wait 14 hours for our flight home we were not permitted into the departure area we had to wait in the airport entrance in a Burger King lobby until the following morning. We got up early to make sure we were ahead of the line and even the at 3am the Volaris check in was packed of people and it still took us an hour to get checked in. Overall very disappointed in the service of this airline and will not be recommending or using it in the future. In fact we will very likely be discouraging others from booking with this airline.
 Swift and friendly checkin at Warsaw Airport, flight on time on a spacious and clean Embraer 170, friendly service with a drink and a snack. Flight on time. Recommended.
Once onboard the Rwandair flight was comfortable and the cabin service and meals were good. The flights each way were quite empty and passengers spread out to empty rows. IFE is by drop down screen and they had the same movie each way. Check in early as there appears to be confusion about departure times for WB100. Some days of the week it leaves earlier to stop at Lusaka on the way to JNB. We confirmed our flight as leaving at 1810 but when arriving at the airport it indicated 1845 as the departure time. We boarded the aircraft when the screens indicated that boarding would occur in 20 minutes. We left at the earlier time and flew direct but it was not a day when it was scheduled to leave earlier on account of the extra stop.
  Pathetic service in terms of punctuality. No info from staff. For a journey time of 1 hour, flight delayed by 2 hours and yet no info anywhere. Absolutely nonreliable in terms of timeliness.
FRAWDH WindhoekWVB Walvis Bay First of all bear in mind that this in an airline that only operates 10 aircrafts in total out of which only 2 are wide body so just do not expect them to have the same kind of resources of competitors with much higher economics of scale. Brand new A330200 delivered 2013 serving Frankfurt  Windhoek route with relatively simple business seats 2 setting only mealupright and lie flat any other position in between could be adjusted by pressing continuously either one of these 2 functions. Leg part is for thigh support only as an extension for calf an ottoman is provided where shoes could be stored underneath. Simple and tidy without confusing buttons. Meals are served in very basic cutlery on plastic tray but the taste is surprisingly good choices between meatchicken and fishseafood plus entree and dessert. Crew efficient and friendly without being pretentious. Luggage handling excellent with priority collection for business. Overall an Airline product that well represents Namibia relax neat and tidy. Definitely recommended if your final destination is Namibia.
With an unexpected weekend off in Harare and Victoria Falls beckoning Air Zim was the only option so we took a deep breath and booked. Outbound flight on 27yearold B732 which left the stand with the precision of a Swiss train at 0800 and zero seconds. Served a reasonable snack and coffee and ontime arrival. Return flight on Sunday was on a leased E145 fully booked with departure from the stand 5 minutes early and again nice snack and drink en route. The crew was 75 SAA. Overall could have no complaints at all.
Hong Kong Airlines uses two types of planes on their Hong Kong to Bali route. An A330200 which I flew on as well as a newer A330300. The 200 series has a 222 configuration in business class with angled lieflat seats which is good enough for this 4.5 hour flight. The service is good and the food choices reasonable. The IFE is old with not many movie choices but for a regional flight thats quite decent. This was my first time flying them and I was pleasantly surprised. Although next time I will try and fly on the A330300 which has a more modern 121 lie flat biz class seats.
October 19 to Zagreb from Amsterdam economy class and return October 24 Zagreb to Amsterdam. This was first time on Croatian. Planes are new comfortable enough for economy class and they run on time. Both flights were packed. Flight staff are remarkably friendly and attentive. They appear happy with their job and communicate that to the passengers. Served snacks and sandwiches and drinks efficiently for the 1.5 hour flight. Croatian Airline office in Zagreb was anxious to help and very friendly. The flights were loaded efficiently and the bags delivered promptly.
 I travelled with British Airways from Sweden to Los Angeles via London in December 2022. When I arrived at LAX one of my bags were missing. There was no information of the whereabouts of my bag and after searching for someone for about 30 minutes, I found the point of contact and she told me my bag was left behind. I gave her my details of where I would be staying and she told me that they would contact me. After a few days and still no contact I tried to call British Airways customer service. The woman at the airport didnt give me a file reference number, so it was quite difficult to try and locate my bag, but they finally found the reference number and my bag and said it would be delivered in a couple of days. I told them that I had switched hotels and gave them the address for where I was staying and everything was fine. But then a couple of weeks went by and my bag was still nowhere to be seen and it was time for me to fly home. At the airport I tried to talk with the personnel there to try and locate my bag and they said that it was delivered to the first hotel I stayed at, even though I had given them an updated address. I asked them what I should to since I was flying home now. The guy at the counter told me that it wasnt his problem and that I should figure it out myself. I questioned him about his response and he just walked away. A manager saw that and came up to me and apologized for his colleague and that they would send someone to fetch my bag and send it with either my flight or the next one. I came home and a couple of days later I received my bag. I made a complaint and claims on British Airways website since I had to buy clothes and toiletries during my vacation because I didnt have my bag. In January they said that they would refund me for my claims, it is now April almost May and I have still not received the refund even after multiple email conversations. I dont know what to do anymore about this situation since it appears that no one is willing to help me. I am appalled about how the situation is being handled and frankly disappointed at British Airways and the lack of customer service.
  I have a stroller that you can carry inside the plane. When boarding they asked me if they could store it in the storage compartment. I agreed only if they could give it back to me on my connection. I asked 3 employees and all said the same, that I could pick it up at the airplane door. When we arrived they didnt provide my stroller. My baby is too small for the airport stroller and I have back problems. No alternative solution was provided. If you have baby do not fly with Finnair.
  Prague to Tenerife. Five hours on a 737 with super terrible legspace seats. No TVs but they had in flight wifi entertainment, that didnt work. Food  nasty cheap sandwich on way out. No veggie option. Paid 30 euro per seat for legroom on way back paid 80 for no legroom on way out and my seat had a strap to hold up the table behind me. So I had a nice strap massage from the person behind me every time they fiddled with their table.
Flew from Moscow to LHR BMI codeshare. Quite happy with experience  decent service at very cheap price.
  Frankfurt to Delhi via Kuwait. One of the worst customer service staff. I booked my ticket through skyscanner with a long stopover more than 8 hours returning back from Frankfurt and going back to Delhi. On approaching the checkin desk, I was informed that I have to pay 110 euros more to get a boarding pass as I need to have a hotel booking at the Airport hotel. I had no option or no flight for me. I was helpless in a foreign country. I had to pay and the hotel was too bad. Renovation noise disturbed me a lot. Now I have written to Kuwait Airways many times but they wont refund my money. Why nobody on my outward journey bothered to ask me to show the booking for my return? Why before booking my ticket these rules were not in the instructions?
  London to Bamako via Casablanca. I have just returned from Mali. Utterly shocking experience. Bags were missing for five days. To avoid answering questions, staff simply put the phone down. Bags finally turned up two days before I left to return to London, which I did yesterday. As I write, my baggage has gone missing again.
Lille to Algiers. The flight has been delayed 2hrs, but the Air Algeries airport workers gave us some sandwiches and soft drinks to apologize for the delay, a good point. The cabin crew were very professional. The aircraft B767 was clean and in a good shape. The meal was excellent. Tea, coffee, and soft drinks have been served inflight. We landed smoothly at Algiers. The ticket price was good, and includes in it 30kg of luggage. A very good experience with Air Algerie.
BarcelonaLondon City. Check in smooth. Slightly overweight luggage accepted with no extra charges. Boarding was good and departure punctual. Aircraft an E90 felt roomy although the placement of armrests was anything but comfortable and my arms kept falling asleep. Crew was jolly and seemed to enjoy their work. Inflight service was the bare minimum consisted of a single beverage run only and choice of biscuits or granola bars. Arrival was an absolute nightmare London City airport closed the runway during our approach apparently due to a bird strike. Ended up in a dizzying holding pattern for more than 30mins which made some passengers ill. Pilot finally decided to divert to London Stansted the absolute furthest airport from the city. Was told buses would take us into London. After more than 1hr of sitting on the ground with no offer of water or any other service from crew and at first being told that buses were being organized and we would be on our way shortly pilot finally told us we would be taking off and heading for London City as they had reopened the runway. Finally arrived at our destination 2 hrs behind schedule having only had a small cup of tea in the more than 4 hrs since we left Barcelona. The runway closure was of course not BAs fault but all in all not a very pleasant experience.
 This is the worst airline to travel with. I was pregnant and there was a delay of 8hrs then again from Kigali another 5hrs, they claimed that the flight to Nairobi had already gone. On arrival to Nairobi my suitcase was missing which I later got after 2 weeks of me following up, they were not answering calls or replying to emails, I had to go again to the airport to check what was going on. The worse came on my return as they changed the timing and no communication, still again they couldnt find travel confirmation in the system and the supervisor was saying I cant travel, on asking the question of how I travelled using the same itinerary he couldnt answer, only after calling customer service to confirm my booking was I was allowed to leave with 30 mins before my flight. I think you should work on your customer service and efficiency, that was an eye opener of a mismanaged airline. I will never ever fly or recommend this airline.
ZRH  TPA on Oct 24 Overall Edelweiss Air have a very good and contemporary business class product. In many ways it felt like a more modern and upgraded version of Swiss. There was only one aspect about the flight that I didnt like and that was cabin temperature. It was far too warm for comfort. When I waited for the single lavatory to become available the control screen showed that the temperature was set at 25 degrees. High cabin temperatures also tend to be a frequent problem on Swiss flights.
  Palma de Mallorca to Zurich. For the first time we used today Germania and I have to say I didnt have much expectations. So we were completely positively surprised very friendly and warm service, good and professional atmosphere and even the captain was outstanding nice and informed the guest several times about the route etc. Will definitely book Germania again!
  Avelo Airlines began service out of Palm Springs last November. I needed to travel to Eugene OR for business, so decided I would give them a try. I was scheduled to depart at 130 pm  early that morning I began receiving emails from Avelo advising the departure time had been delayed. Over the course of the day I continued to get successive emails 8 emails in all moving the departure later and later each time. The flight finally departed at approximately 900 pm, a total delay of 7.5 hours late. The gate agent said she had no idea why the flight was so late and once on board the pilot only apologized for the inconvenience. The delay was not  due to weather, so no one really knows why. Bottom line I gave Avelo my business once, but never again.
  Vietnam Airlines is a promising airline with dedicated staff, but there are a few operational and infrastructural issues that hold the airline back. Call center and website deficiencies need work, however it redeems itself in the air. My first interaction for this trip which was the website to manage my booking to select my seat and special meal request did not work as it was a Delta ticket using miles, so I did not get the best first impression. Subsequently, I called the call center in Vietnam to order my special meal and was informed that no meals were provided for both legs of my flight. Fast forward to the flight, meals were served on both legs which left me vexed by the misinformation. Airport experience was standard, but the employees didnt seem too well versed on the procedures as important ones such as making a boarding announcement and reassigning seats after ticket issuance seemed unfamiliar to the staff. I also did not enjoy the double security I had to undergo since my itinerary had a connecting flight and needed to swap terminals when transiting in Hanoi. On the flipside, the airline got some things right. Albeit being unable to order a special meal, the standard ones served were fantastic! There was even bubble tea sold for a modest $2 USD! The inflight crew did a fine job, not exceeding nor falling below expectations on this red eye flight and the entertainment had some good choices. Overall, not a bad airline, but they have some work to do with fine tuning staff training and fixing the poor website.
  The worst airline experience ever. I will never fly with them again. 2 hours of delay on first flights, as there was no engineer available to sign the approval for landing, very uncomfortable seats, they ran out of toilet paper in both flights, in the first they didnt have even tissues, you need to pay for everything, even for a glass of water. This is egregious as airport security usually dont allow water to be carried onboard on many international flights. They dont offer anything for free and even the options for purchase are very limited and expensive. Cup noodles to eat, and water, coffee, tea, Milo with hot water and two options of warm soda. One bag of tea is AU$4.As it was a night flight and it got very cold, I asked for a blanket and had to pay AU$9 for a piece of flannel. Needless to say that there was no entertainment system available. The absolute worst. Do not recommend to anyone.
I made a reservation with LIAT for January 2016 to fly from San Juan to Dominica. This was a direct flight The reservation was made in June 2015. Without telling me the flight was changed to an overnight flight via Antigua. I had called to check flight times and found out accidentally. I was offered a flight the next day that had 4 stops and took 8 hours. When I tried to cancel all I was offered was a credit!
  Kuala Lumpur to Singapore. This is the first time that I booked tickets in Tigerair and it is a really unpleasant experience. Flight TR2455 was supposed to depart at 1135 am from Kuala Lumpur to Singapore  however it was delayed by an hour and it was announced that it is rescheduled at 1230pm. Then the flight is again delayed and this time due to a technical issue and they could not even tell when the flight will come to KL and leave for Singapore. This is so fustrating and disappointing. We are flying from India for a holiday in Singapore and it didnt start well, thanks to Tigerair. 
 Excellent low cost airline which goes the extra mile in service. Baggage  in flight service included in the price. Senior Citizen discount is always welcome too. Check in was easy online, however long queue for bag drop at BKK. Maybe due time of day. On time flight with pleasant in flight crew. Baggage delivery within 10 minutes of entering terminal at destination. All in all the usual good service when flying Smile.
  I have a complaint about cabin announcements made on AC Rouge Flight 1659 Tampa to Toronto on Feb 16, 2020. Safety and advisory oral messages were given at garbled high speed, heavily accented and were next to unintelligible to me. Cabin communications must be clearly enunciated, at a moderate speed and presented in a serious manner.
  Horrible first time experience. Travelled from London on 19th January to Nairobi transiting to Ghana. Before that they changed our departure time from Nairobi to 30mins late. As if that was not enough, we got to Nairobi at about 9pm after being delayed at Heathrow only to be told our flight had been delayed again for another 6hours. Instead of leaving at 10pm, we were to leave at 4am. No communication, and not even a rep to speak to another airport in Nairobi, which is their headquarters. No body cared about us and all a lady could say it, we will give you hot food. Such a horrible experience, to just sit at the airport for 6hours, after an 8and half hour flight with no place to freshen up, and then instead of leaving at 4, we left at 4.50am. No apologies from anyone. Now I am dreading my return journey. I will not take this airline again and will certainly not recommend to any one. Shame to treat other Africans as 2nd class citizens and yet call yourself the pride of Africa. Maybe its time to change that name not befitting your poor services.
 Tashkent to Kuala Lumpur. The worst airline taken in all of my holidays. A week before we departed Singapore they sent an email to inform that flights home to Singapore are cancelled. We wrote in 3 times with no reply, called the Singapore office and the guy was impossibly unhelpful. We had no choice but to make our trip blindly and hope for it to get settled over in Tashkent. Our flight departing Singapore was delayed by an hour plus, and transit in KL, it was again delayed another hour. It happened the same for our flights home whereby new transit was in Jakarta, it got delayed an hour an half. We barely made it to catch our flight home with MH that the airline booked us home on. My luggage was left behind because of this. Flight crew were not friendly, barely smiled no matter how polite we tried to be. And they never once served water after the meal service. We had to keep going to ask for it and they always gave an unhappy look. Seriously, I dont know what kind of service industry this airline is in, because there wasnt any at all. The food from Singapore was okay, but the food from Tashkent was awful. Tasteless and dry. Our flight home was a night flight, yet the lights were not switched off for sleeping. It was a really suffering 18 hours journey home, with no food and no sleep and with unconfortable seats. Such a pity because the country is so beautiful and the Uzbeks are really nice people. The airline crew need to undergo intensive service training for sure.
  It was a midnight flight and to my surprise, the aircraft was full as 80 of the passengers were transiting via Bahrain. New and comfortable aircraft, great infotainment system and spacious economy seats although the AC was centralized so we could not control it which made the cabin a little warm. Takeoff was a little delayed which is not usual for Gulf Air, but overall a very pleasant flight.
Flew Air Zena economy class PRGTBS on 08.06.04 and on 11.06.04 TBSCDG on both occasions in B737500. Seating pitch fine and both planes well maintained. Departures on time on both occasions. The IFE consisted of a video and sound system but neither worked on the outbound flight. The hot meals on both flights were nothing special but a hot meal is becoming increasingly rare these days. As the only alcoholic drink available on the drinks trolley was one  yes one  bottle of beer it had long gone by the warm and friendly if quiet cabin crew reached me. The flight crew were silent throughout on both flights for my part I appreciate announcements from the cockpit once in a while just so that you know someone is there. The cabin crew could take stronger measures to ensure that passengers remain in their seats as soon as the plane touches down. Some passengers retrieved their outsized cabin baggage from the overhead bins very shortly after arrival at TBS and blocked the aisle with the same. Evacuation in an emergency would not have been easy. Overall by no means the worst but by no means the best.
  I had 4 flights with this airline and found them to be very reliable, st Maarten to Statia and St Maarten to Saba and back, planes are very small but perfect for these 15 minutes hop. ground crew were friendly and even tagged my bags to Antigua on a codeshare with LIAT, I was surprised, they all arrived without major problems, they are quick and professional, sometimes slow sometimes not. The prices are very high though. The only worriesome moment I had with them was when one of the pilots shouted agressivily at the other just before engine started.
  Flight service was fine, but inflight entertainment system was quite oldoutdated, and the food was awful. The food in particular is a big let down for this airline, and does not give a good reflection of Thailand which has excellent food. Bland, boring and basic.
  Santa Marta to Medellin. How is it possible that families are not sat together. Empty airplane and they only have emergency seats to sit us together for an extra charge. So rude and want to charge for everything.
  Hyderabad to Istanbul via Kuwait. Connecting airport closed due to coronavirus, and I flew back to my home country already, and so theres no possible way for me to make the trip. The problem I cancelled my ticket, and Jazeera did not acknowledge it. There were no cancellation emails, no indication to customer support, and no refunds from the cancellation, which is completely out of my control. These are trying times for everybody, but Jazeera is letting its customer struggle even more. As a student, the cost of the ticket I bought is quite high, and I needed it to transit home. Not refunding this ticket will cost me many work weeks.
  Zero Customer service via email or social media. I had a long layover at Gatwick, ten hours. They wouldnt check me through to second flight. I put luggage in storage so I could eat. I get a note of a flight delay while I am at the airport. Who reads beyond that subject line? Im sitting near checkin gates not worried because of delay. No names called, no announcement I and five 5 other passengers assumed delayed flight delayed, but no checkin was the same. They closed the flight. Did not get to fly. I paid for extra baggage, premiere services. No one to contact for a refund or credit of any Part of it.
  The departure time was 5am, the flight was on time but the plane decided to wait for latecomers. We waited 2 hour in the departure lounge and then another 30 minutes in the plane. The captain tried to reassure everyone that we would make up the time. I missed my connection. Many people were ushered to hotel which took 1 hour before we got there. the reception at Miracle hotel was passable but the restaurant staff were arrogant to the point where they refused access to the Pegasus travellers. We were made to sit and wait. 
  Okinawa to Hong Kong. In general, this little budget airline get you from A to B, serve is ok and menu offer is nice and not too expensive at all. However, the low rating concerns their safety standards. There were three things that happened during the outbound and inbound flights that caused me some serious concern. When landing in Naha airport at night I was shocked that the cabin light was not dimmed. Usually in exit rows, for safety reasons, people with disabilities, mother with infants are NOT allowed. Yet with Peach, a mother was allowed to sit there holding her baby, and no infant seat belt was even provided. Landing back into Hong Kong, a few people didnt put their window shades back up, and the crew didnt care, she was more concerned about where they put their bags.  Tried to contact them via email, there is actually no email address to writer to them. I do like this little airline which offer very cheap tickets to Japan, but their standards leave me wondering. 
 So have used Jet2, recommended them to family and friends, had good experiences and seeing as I live next to Stansted airport and they have replaced the easyJet service that moved to Southend a number of years ago, its been a winwin for me, until the last flight on Sunday. Informed two days into our holiday at our family holiday home, that we had a change in equipment, unable to reply to this, I had guessed we were flying on a 757 as thats the other aircraft type Jet2 fly, instead of the 737800 that usually flies the route. Then I saw our seat row numbers, I had paid for allocated seats, together, in row 2 as I was travelling with my partner and her 83 year old mother as I wanted to be up the front of the aircraft and near an exit. My new boarding pass was for row 29, not at all what I wanted. At check in we were dropping a hold bag, I explained my unhappiness to helpful groundstaff, they pointed me over to the Jet2 help desk, who logged my concerns, I wanted at best a refund, to be told that they only guaranteed we would sit together, I suggested why would we choose our seats and pay extra, if we wouldnt get the ones we wanted. They again trotted out the same excuse it only guaranteed you sit together. I explained that I have travelled on my own, paid extra to choose my seat last year, on my own, if they could bump me to another row, what was the point of paying extra, to which the lady in question agreed that I had a point. Then I explained as our seats were on the original aircraft, surely, those passengers on the original aircraft should surely be given the same seats on this replacement aircraft, that Jet2 changed and added passengers not on the original scheduled aircraft, that they should get the seats at the back as it was a bigger aircraft, again, the lady agreed with me. Not happy. Once through the new layout at Faro airport, security, realised that there were a great many more passengers, which I explained to my partners mother, well be through quickly as they will have extra staff to cope my partners mother has to take medication for a medical condition and her next dose was in an hour. I must explain, that we were at the airport 3 hours before our departure time, so plenty of time we thought. Then to immigration, or so we thought. The new layout at Faro, segregates UK, Irish and Canadian passports to the left, all others to the right, there is an analogy there, it felt like it a queue, we joined at 7, no air, crammed like cattle, it took over an hour to get to the bottom of the escalator, to see to our dismay that we werent even halfway to the one passport desk open. By my estimate, given the number of people in front, behind, the flight information screens, I would estimate over a thousand poor souls were expecting to get through one passport desk, surely Jet2 would have told Faro airport of our bigger aircraft and more passengers. A lady passed out, one was sick, there were threats to people trying to jump the queue. After an hour, medication for my partners mother, we could wait no more we called a member of staff who fast tracked us. Consequence we saved an hour in the queue, one of the first on the new aircraft, Titan Airways. Thankfully we got overhead storage space, others did not. Delayed due to the issue in the passport control area, took off great crew, packed flight, water, we paid for, took time. Smooth flight, nice landing. Contacted Jet2, no reply. Now angry.
  The crew members were very friendly and attentive. Especially when my friend felt uncomfortable and vomited, they provided considerate care, which I am very appreciated.
 Penang to Singapore. Flight 3K678. 15 Jan 2019. My wife and I were very impressed with the cabin staff and the help with me needing a wheelchair to the plane. Cabin staff very attentive and polite. Well done
  Online check in worked fine. Quick security check. Once onboard quick flight up to Glasgow, water and snack provided. All in all very pleased. Cheap, quick and efficient.
  The worst airline to travel. The staff at airport, especially Amritsar airport the staff dont know any rules for traveling to a country and try to educate others needlessly.  I didnt understand their policies, even food was requested on my ticket but i didnt get any food in a long flight. The attendants only served water in small glasses and left the person if heshe was asleep. No entertainment source used while flying. Overall, a terrible experience.
 Johannesburg to Porto via Luanda with TAAG Angola Airlines. Faulty seats all over buisness class on all the flights, did not allow me to adjust the seat at all, the seat next to mine the footrail was in the open position and would not go back. The funny thing is that the staff knew about these issues, faulty seats in business class, let me get comfortable and only after I complained did they say that they were aware and I must look for another seat  I tried another 2 seats with no luck but on the third attempt was lucky. Seat was good, but then the TV  inflight entertainment was not working. The magazines were from the previous months, all in a terrible state, some seats had the magazines other seats no magazines at all. At the lounge in Luanda in dialogue with other buisness class passengers they expressed similar issues. I am a frequent traveler and must say this has been one of my worst trips ever. Its a real pity that no maintenance seems to get done on these planes.
  Best airline for transatlantic travel with kids. I just traveled from Toronto to Berlin and back with two kids 5 and 7yrs old. The stopover in Iceland breaks up the trip more evenly two medium duration flights, which was better for us than one really long and one really short flight. Also, kids get priority boarding, free food on the flight, a bag of interesting activities stickers, games, and the entertainment system has a whole kid section. On our way back from Berlin we missed our connection because of a severe thunderstorm in Berlin It was bad! Heavy winds and rain, thunder and lighting. Im glad we didnt have to take off in those conditions. Once we arrived in Iceland and our flight to Toronto had left, Icelandair rebooked us on a flight for the next day and put us in a 5star hotel for the night, with taxi, dinner, breakfast and lunch paid for. Our room had a view of the ocean and we had some time to explore the spectacular Icelandic coast. I was worried that wed have to spend the night on a hard bench on the airport, instead we were treated to an extra day of vacation on this amazing island! Thank you, Icelandair!!
  Singapore to Mangalore via Bangalore. We had a wonderful experience with the staff in Bangalore. Due to typographical error, we were not informed about a cancelled flight to Mangalore from Bangalore by Expedia. And we as a family with my 10 year old child had to reach Mangalore the same day as we intended to attend a family wedding there. We flew from Singapore to Bangalorethe previous night, and on arriving at the Bangalore airport the next morning, we were informed that our flight was cancelled and the other flights were fully booked as the road lines and train network was cut off from Bangalore to Mangalore due to flood situation. it was really upsetting for my family. But the staff was very considerate, tried really hard with multiple phone calls and negotiations to accommodate us in the same day flight. My husband was finally rerouted in a flight to Mangalore via Mumbai and me and my child in the next flight to Mangalore. And we had a great family time and lovely memories at Mangalore with the least disruption possible in the given circumstances. Thanks to Jet airways and their staff for making it possible!
  Very poor ventilation during a 5 hour flight. This is not only a cost saving measure for the airline but poses a health risk for passengers and crew during Covid 19 pandemic. Boarding and deplaning was a non organised chaos without supervision. Failure of physical distancing. The airline suffers many systemic problems and poor management for years. Air Travel in the Czech Republic is not competitive and Smart Wings abuses their position as the only Czech airline.
 In booking this flight, there is no way to purchase more than 15kg per checked in bag on the website. Then when you arrive to check in I was promptly charged an extortionate amount for the excess weight. The ground staff were completely inflexible and only concerned about getting as much money from unsuspecting passengers as possible. The service on the plane was nonexistent and I would avoid this airline at all costs.
  Despite the aircraft arriving from Hong Kong 5 hours before the flight to Singapore, boarding was delayed by 1 hour in Sydney. Gate staff continuously blamed other factors such as cleaning staff taking longer than required or no gate available as reasons for the delay. When questioned on boarding as to why the plane couldnt be cleaned in the preceding 5 hours, I was simply told to email customer care, which seems to be the go to response for most Qantas ground staff these days when confronted with polite complaints about the ever increasing delays at Qantas. Cabin crew were pleasant and helpful and the economy class supervisor was amazing, as she singled my family out for special attention and care. This had more to do with my frequent flyer status rather than just being a passenger receiving great service. Aircraft was 19 years old and showing its age. Broken fittings on the seats and in the toilets, ripped seat covers and damaged wall panels, the plane had clearly seen better days. Seats are narrow and leg room and recline are minimal compared to the likes of other major airlines. Food was inedible, bland and prison canteen style. Qantas have dispensed with trays containing an assortment of items and metal cutlery is no longer. You now just get a small portioned bowl with foil on top and a piece of bread slapped on the foil and some wooden cutlery in an envelope. Silver lining is that its easy to slip the bowl on the floor under your seat when you decide not to eat anything. Qantas is doing just enough so as not to be seen as a budget carrier while charging a premium price. Flight arrived 30 minutes late and bags were out by the time we got to the carousel, but that has more to do with the efficiency of Singapore Changi International Airport than Qantas.
  Johannesburg to Bloemfontein. My flight was due to leave at 0610 but when I got to the boarding gate at 0550 the gates were closed.  I went to SA Express counter but there was no one there to assist. I was the told by the check staff that I had to purchase another ticket. 
AMSMUC by Lufthansa  my flight AMSKTM was cancelled due to weather. I was rerouted via Athens by Olympic. My two bags were not accepted by Olympic Air unless I paid 160 euro for the flight to Athens. The fact that Lufthansa had accepted the luggage made no difference. I refused to pay and had to call family to collect one of the bags. At the gate I was told that there was no meal for me. I got the lame excuse that my booking was made at the last minute. Had they told my while checking in I could at least have bought some sandwiches at Schiphol. After arrival in Athens and while checking in it became clear the my luggage was only labelled to Athens despite my request to label it all the way to KTM. My booking was all the way to KTM on one PNR. Filing a complaint with Olympic Air customer service produced a deafening silence. Beware of these amateurs!
 I took my parents to the Maldives as a special gift, and upgraded the return flights to business class as a final surprise. During this upgrade process, Sri Lankan Airlines suggested I apply for a tax refund. I did this, but the airlines mixed up this refund request and cancelled our return tickets instead. We were stranded, and had to find additional accommodation and flights to return home, with no support from Sri Lankan Airlines. I understand there was some misunderstanding and was only seeking a refund for the flights that we couldnt take due to this error, but getting support from their teams is absolutely impossible. Despite phone calls and personal visits to their office, they insist they can only respond to queries via emails. Their teams response to emails is not only painfully slow but also never addressing the actual query. As a result, I am looking $1,300 worth of tickets being lost with the airlines taking no accountability. Its clear that their support model is designed to leave the interaction as onesided with the customer having no room to have a real conversation, or receive any support that doesnt fit into their basic transactions.
  Port Macquarie to Brisbane. Dreadful. The age of the plane is ok, however the claustrophobic set up of the cabin is dreadful. The seats were small. We are average sized and were wondering how we were going to fit into the chairs. I have a chronic pain condition and within 20 minutes I was beside myself with being cramped into such a small place. No knee room, no room to reach anything in your handbag on the floor, barely can you put your tray table down. The water and white bread half sandwich was pretty random, not even a cup of tea. How on earth you fit so many overweight people in those seats is beyond me. What happens when large people book 1 seat? Which is the size of half a normal seat?
I have found Royal Brunei to be a very comfortable airline to fly with, the food is of a good standard just as any other airline, yes no alcohol, but that is ok. Plenty of refreshments offered throughout the flight. Movies were good. Not much at Brunei departure lounge but hopefully will improve with upgrades going on. Most of all the price offered by Royal Brunei is truly the best deal on the market flying from New Zealand to London for $1630 return. 
  Victoria Falls to Johannesburg. The flight was really calm and well organized. Actually it was faster than originally planned. Well, what do you need from low fare flight? Get to final destination as soon as possible, feel comfortable and safe and pleasant cabin crew. In my case, all listed met my expectations and I was really satisfied with all. Thank you fastjet, you were valuable part of my lifetime trip!
  Excellent economy flight with Air Astana. This was an afternoon flight and they provide an amenity cit for all passengers and a blanket. Cabin crew friendly and hospitable. Several times they go around with drinks and the food was really delicious. A perfect Economy flight.
Very mixed experiences on three flights intraPeru during May 2006. First leg LIMArequipa AQP was a mess. Lima airport is invariably fog bound in the early hours during May noones fault but the airline always seems totally unprepared. As soon as the fog cleared at about 1000 hrs other airlines were flying. Not so LAN Peru. Our 1110 hrs 06 May flight was cancelled and we were subsequently issued with boarding cards  promises of later flights which never appeared on any departures board and it has to be said vouchers for a midday transfer to a LIma hotel for lunch. Back at the airport it got to 1800 hrs with a vague promise of flights at 2130  2330 hours or later ! that we cut our losses and paid cash for a Wayraperu qv flight that was departing that evening. We were not the only LAN Peru flight badly affected that day  stories abounded of a second DAY of cancellations and empty promises with folk being continually bussed into the city to clear the concourse. Noone at the LAN Peru offices to offer any concrete explanations they shut their offices to the public and the counter staff were overwhelmed. Our second flight AQPJuliaca JUL on the 11 May 2006 subjected to a 3 hour delay  given reason of fog at Lima even though the aircraft we used had been on the tarmac at AQP for the previous night and throughout the period of the delay never having touched Lima!  never got to understand that one. Airline staff less overwhelmed although a shade disinterested in events. The last flight Cusco CUS  LIM on the 23 May 2006 on time and with good service. Modern Airbus A320 equipment Chilean registered  clean and serviceable with standard airline catering and legroom. Overall summary  good when things are going well but be prepared for pot luck and indefinite delays if theres a glitch.
  A very pleasant flight from Perth to Doha on May 10, 2023 and from Doha to Berlin on May 11, 2023. Great onboard care on these two flights made this long flight a pleasure.
The checkin staff at Trivandrum airport were excellent. However the flight was not enjoyable. The meal was basic. The cost was not actually that much lower than the other airlines. The seats were a dingy red leather. Although the staff appeared to be attentive, they did not look enthused at all. On landing at Abu Dhabi, some passengers decided to get up from their seat before the plane had reached a complete stop. They stood up while the plane was moving and the cabin staff did nothing to get them back into their seat. In my many years of travel, I had never seen this before.
  Flight was cancelled due to Covid measures in Georgia. Understandably, of course. Everything was clearly communicated up front. However, afterwards the communication with the customer service, the claims department and the Amsterdam department were horrible. No one could tell me exactly how I could claim my refund, whereas it was clearly stated that I was elligable. Now, more than a year later, I still havent received the refund or a clear message about the way this should be or should have been handled. The emailcontact is very vague and they keep telling me theyll check for updates and then I dont receive any follow up. Terrible service overall.
This was my first time flying on American Eagle, and first time on a smaller ERJ175 jet. I was pleasantly surprised at how nice these planes fly. Seemed to be quieter than a Boeing 737 I am so used to flying on. It was also nice that there are only 2 seats across on both sides, and only 75 passengers. This makes embarking and disembarking much quicker. The full flight loaded in 15 minutes and left on time. Beware though, smaller plane means smaller overhead luggage bins, which means carry ons that fit easily in a 737 for example, might be a tight squeeze on this plane. I slept on the flight and missed service. There is no on board entertainment on these planes, just wifi which I did not connect to. I was in a main cabin extra seat, and honestly, I didnt notice the extra space. I am short so it really is not a factor. However, it was a benefit to be among group 1 boarding and towards the front of the plane.
  European short haul business class can not be compared with international, the seating is very different normal standard class seats with a spare seat in the centre. However for this short flight it was adequate. Service onboard was friendly, if a little mechanical. Food served was pretty nice with very tender beef with mashed celeriac and, a chocolate pudding and delicious bread roll and butter. A wide choice of drinks were offered, wine, beer, soft drinks, tea coffee etc. The flight attendant came around several times on this short flight offering further drinks and tidying up. We also received the very tasty Lufthansa branded chocolate.
  Rome to Athens. We took an early morning flight to save money, only brought one suitcase that met all the requirements online. Upon arrival, they said our bags were too big they were soft so they fit in the box but they measured it using a weird machine that didnt compact it and charged us 90€, more than we paid for our miserable early morning tickets. Weve never had a problem with these suitcases meeting dimensions, weve flown over 20 times with them on airlines with the same requirements. Were now not going to be able to do much at our destination because they made us pay such an insane additional amount.
  On Easter Sunday my family were flying back home from Chambery to Birmingham. We arrived at the airport well in advance of scheduled departure but were rushed through for an early departure, which normally we would be pleased but did not have time for family to eat or drink anything, having to leave hotel early hours. Our family was split up on 3 rows far apart. When it came to ordering food the flight attendants walked briskly past asking on one side but not the other and missed out mum and the 3 children. When mum finally did managed to speak to cabin crew there was no food apart from Pringles and still did not get a drink for one child. We have never been on an airline which has been so inattentive.
 They force to check in small cabin luggage, although you have a tight connection after and might miss your train. KLM used to be one of my favourites airlines, unfortunately the service quality dropped off dramatically last years. I can give an example from today. Firstly, I could not check in online because of the flight was overbooked. Therefore I had to arrived earlier to the airport to the check in counter, although I didnt have any check in luggage. The line was very long, and it was already a bit stressful to wait there. Secondly, they FORCED me to check in my small cabin luggage that I had with me, although I EXPLAINED MANY TIMES, that I have a train to catch, and additional waiting for a luggage after arrival will almost surely end up missing my connection. I understand that there sometimes there is no place for all luggages on board, but they should not force passengers with very valid reason for not doing it. As I supposed before, after landing I waited for a luggage for 25min, and missed my train connection. Im cursing at KLM service. Thanks for many flights, but not recommended anymore.
 Not worth any saving you think you might make. Miserable experience. Customer service non existent. The flight itself was alright, although they gave us no reason for a delay and promised all of us repeatedly that our connection flight with Kuwait Airways will wait for us. Once we arrived there was no information for hours, we got shipped around on two bus rides to various terminals. At the 3rd terminal after insisted chasing for information we were told our flight to Colombo had left already. Waiting for hours in a crowded waiting room we had to call customer services on the phone to no one at the desks were willing to tell us! learn that we can only continue our journey tomorrow. Stranded at the airport without any hotels or information for the next 24 hours, this is unacceptable.
  Frankfurt to Tirana via Belgrade. Worst airline ever. I had a two way ticket and didnt use the first one, so the company just cancelled the returning flight without contacting me first or letting me know about that.  I had to spent a lot of money calling their support because the representative in Tirana Airport was useless. They even told me they would refund 79euro which they did not! The ticket was way more then that. 
  Cusco to Uyuni via La Paz. My experience with Amaszonas was good actually. Luckily the weather was in my favor too. Initially I was a little skeptical after reading reviews, but the trip was pretty smooth. Flight was on the smaller side although not as small as people had initially mentioned. Theres about 15 to 20 rows of seats and I was comfortable. THe only thing is they board like 15 minutes prior to departure which makes you a little nervous, but the trip as such was okay.
LHRTunis return flights July 2013. Outward flight from T4 delayed 1 hour  pleasant flight with a good meal and red wine only had 1 as they ran out. On landing had to descend by stairs to awaiting coaches. Return flight left on time and meal was good although when I asked for wine the stewardess looked aghast saying they dont serve wine or beer? Leg room was very good though not enough toilets  always a queue.
 Windhoek to Frankfurt with Air Namibia. The ground staff were helpful to assign us the desired seats. The plane was quite new and provided a modern entertainment system unfortunately with a smaller selection of movies compared to other airlines. The seats were comfortable with a usual seat pitch. The crew were friendly and helpful. During the flight were three choices of food offered Chicken, Beef and Fish.
  Disgrace. Dont ever fly with this airline. They didnt tell us our flight was cancelled, refused to provide an explanation. We showed up and they were incredibly rude. No refund for the cancelled ticket, no alternative route, no correspondence on their part. Absolute disgrace, avoid this airline at all costs.
  Boeing 787 aircraft was immaculate. Cabin interior was clean, well maintained and serviced. Cabin crew were polite, professional and friendly. Inflight dining was delicious and well presented. My family and I had a wonderful flight. Oman Air is truly a pleasure to fly. Highly recommend this business class product. 
Flight from Genoa to Munich was very pleasant. Excellent snacks and an overall atmosphere of relaxation throughout the flight. Lots of legroom. Nice plane a little on the noisy side.
  They had the cheapest tickets from Bali to Amsterdam via Shanghai with a layover of 17 hours. visiting Shanghai is worth it, but bring cash because credit cards wont be accepted. First flight departed before scheduled time and arrived 20 minutes early. Quite new plane Airbus A330 2 years old with big screen for inflightentertainment. Clean, comfortable and looked luxury even in Economy Class. Staff can improve their hospitality a lot. They only know few English words. Second flight departed 15 minutes later but arrived 1,5 hour earlier. Plane was the modern new Airbus A350900 only 6 months old with again great inflightentertainment system. Plane has three cameras outside, so you can watch from your own screen what the pilots are seeing. Again staff can improve a lot. Meals on both flights were good. Expected worse. We arranged when booked a special meal because of gluten intolerance, and this meal was good as well. Also we had WiFi on both flights. Worked good.
 Very terrible experience with the check in crew. They wanted me to find a dust bin and put in the extra weight items which were sweets removed from my suitcase. They did not offer any support and the manager threatened me that she will not issue boarding pass if I dont do it.
  I paid $1515.73 for a one way business class ticket on La Compagnie flight 0102 from Paris to New York on June 30. They swapped out the plane for a subeconomy charter without saying anything until I was on the plane, despite eight separate opportunities. They would not let me off the plane, and have ignored all phone calls, emails, and direct requests to their gate agents. La Compagnie had several opportunities to notify me of the change, but did not at any of these points. They violate their own customer service policies. After receiving no response from La Compagnie for over a month, I filed a formal complaint with the Dept of Transportation and notified some travel journalists and they finally contacted me and offered a 75 credit. 
Birmingham to Bodrum return. A320 seemed fairly new adequate leg room more than on recent flights with Thomas Cook or Thomson. Safety announcements in Turkish and English and were a bit rushed. Inflight service was quite basic but acceptable for a budget flight although staff could take a little more care checking seat belts are fastened. I think we were probably lucky in having one of the newer planes in the Onur Air fleet but would use them again. Good value for money.
LCYBRU also due to tunnel fire. Flew out business class as no economy seats left  definitely not worth paying for as the only difference it made was a marginally bigger meal than on the return trip in economy. In all other ways the service was great  no queue for checkin friendly staff snacks OK and aircraft seemed in good condition although F50s are a bit dated. I had to hand over my bag on boarding the aircraft as the overhead bins are quite small but it was handed straight back on getting off.
London GTW to Florence. Flight delayed 4 hours and diverted to Pisa because Meridiana brought a plane too big to land at Florence. No apologies or explanation from staff or the crew. Every staff answered it is not my fault. We were forced to take a bus offered by Meridiana from Pisa to Florence but no staff explained where the buses were and passengers had to walk around the Pisa airport parking lot to find them. The worst flight experience ever.
 We were on a connecting flight to London and the pilot had no sense of urgency to give us updates on flight when we sat in the taxi like for an hour. We were 2 minutes late to our American flight and they still wouldnt let us in either. Cabin crew was great but pilot screwed us and American Airlines screwed us too.
 Vietnam Airlines co shared with Pacific Airlines. The original flight as by booking was rescheduled from 16.30 to 17.50. The flight was delayed from 17.50 to 20.45. The arrival was 3 hrs and 59 min too late referring the original time and 2 hrs and 59 min late referring the rescheduled time. During the delay there was no information given at the airport, nor did we received drink or food. The airline refers to the rules. For this airline the rules are more important then the customer. Dissatisfying for me.
  Unable to get my baggage from the flight. Its been 3 days and I have no updates on what is happening. No one is picking the call and if someone picks they dont have any information on whats happening. Such a ridiculous service and pathetic customer care. How can they be such irresponsible towards their work.
 I was very pleasantly surprised with my experience with Norse. The flight was comfortable with ample leg room for a discount ticket. I didnt buy any meals because the flight was in the middle of the night for my time zone, and the flight itself only ended up being 5.56 hours total. I have no issues or complaints, I got to Paris from the US for only $180.
  The worst airline I have ever had the misfortune of dealing with. Sent wrong information about the flight  no apology  Not informed of changes, no apology. Call centre staff are unhelpful  no apology. Spent over an hour calling them to request refund, from another country, and they gave no solution and will not even show the courtesy to call or even email customer back. They have no regard for customer.
  The flight from Amsterdam to Chisinau went very good no remarks. The return flight which was scheduled for 6th January 2022 gave lots of problems, When arriving 21 December 2021 at Chisinau airport I received an email from LOT that my return flight was cancelled and that I had to contact LOT. So I did and was invited to change the date of my return flight. I changed to 7th January 2022 same flight LOT514 but I was unable to checkin online. I got the answer that LOT had no booking of me and my wife. So the flight to WAW is scheduled to leave at 2.35 PM today and I am still not sure that we have a seat on this flight. I tried for hours to contact LOT but to no avail. I really dont know wat to do. So we are stuck in Moldova for the moment and we are not very positive anymore on LOT Polish Airlines.
HelsinkiSaint Petersburg a short 3550 minute flight. The service is somewhat limited due to the short duration. Planes a bit old and a bit scary. On one of the flights next to my seat on an old A320 there was a square piece of plastic on the floor with a sticker saying Boeing 777. I was petrified but we flew alright. A very good middle between major expensive and low budget airlines.
 London to Riyadh. SV from my point of view is improving, boarding is smooth, staff are attentive and caring. Entertainment is one of the best. Food quality is between 78 on scale of 10. Ticket price is higher than other Gulf airlines although Saudia operate 3 flight daily between LHR and RUH reflecting the demand.
  This airline is fine. My family of four 2 adults 2 kids flew MiamiOrly and back for spring break. We checked in online and were all seated together. We didnt check bags, so I cant speak to that experience, but no one was weighing carryons on the way back. The boarding process is a little chaotic, but everyone got on the plane eventually. We did pay extra for meals and checked bags if needed, but because it was unseasonably warm, we were able to manage with carryons, and the food was slightly better than average. Flight attendants all nice. International economy flights are always kind of unpleasant because theyre so long, but there was just nothing exceptional about this experience. Seats seemed like the usual size to meIm on the small side, but my husband is over 6 and said seats were okay. He feels a bit cramped in any economy seat, but he found French Bee seats no worse than average.
  Accra to Washington Dulles. Given the current situation globally, just glad that I got home. South African Airways is way below current standards for business class. My seat arm rest was broken and wouldnt collapse. This took about 6 inches off my sleeping space. My food was unappealing and limited options. Even though it is a flight with a late departure with only a light meal offered for dinner, I found that I was hungry after that service and there were not even biscuits or any sort of snack available. Service was obliging but seems their company has left crew with limited options to satisfy their premium cabin customers. Flight departed and arrived on time. Pursers announcements were the classiest I have heard in ages and announcements from the cockpit equally charming and informative  something I told the captain when we met near the baggage carousel.
  Checked in online, we already have eboarding pass but we had to fall in line again to check in again and again. We thought that online check will be easier and hassle free. Not in this airline.
  We purchased business class tickets about a month previous only to be downgraded at check in. They said we could still use the business class lounge and would be served business class meals on the flight. None of that happened and because we were downgraded at check in we had no option to take another flight or use a different airlines as we had connecting flights to get us to Whitehorse, Yukon. All and all Condor sold us something and never delivered.
  Cancelled our flight two days before a hurricane was anywhere nearby citing bad weather, meanwhile Air Transat and other liners continued to fly passengers out on the exact same route for the next few days no issues whatsoever. Air Canada left us stranded and to fend for ourselves, offering absolutely nothing but an apology email. To further aggravate our desperate situation our local AC representative, asked us to wait an additional day for more information from him before securing a spot in a hotel for an extended stay. Unbelievably, the essential information that we were waiting for was that were out of luck and that it was not his problem. As you can imagine by the tone of this review, we are still trapped in the Dominican riding out a hurricane that has only just begun to touchdown. Hoping and praying to fly out in two days, unless they cancel that flight as well. The credit card can only take so many extended bookings.
  It was 2 sectors from Novosibirsk to Vladivostok and then transfer from Vladivostok to Seoul. Baggage was checkedin through to final destination, which is very comvinient. Online checkin via app with cost efficient upgrade fee from Vladivostok to Seoul only 53 USD. Food was good. Entertainment system including map, movies, music etc is broadcasting by WiFi to your own device, which is better for my since I can use my own headphones and no advertisement.
It was really a new experience flying Kulula. Our flights from DURPLZ and from CPT to JNB were absolutely perfect for a so called lowprice carrier. Friendly and nice staff and safe and clean aircraft. B732 and MD 80. Checkin was fast and correct and the flights were relaxing and full of good sense of humor. Back in SA we would fly Kulula again and again. Best choice!
Flew Bangkok to Luang Prabang on 17th March. Flight on time clean new plane charming crew and decent snack on what was a short journey. All in all a very good experience.
  They dont serve bottled waters on the plane. I took Cathay years ago and the service was exceptional, legroom was great. Now if you are on economy, the legroom is tiny. They squeeze an unhealthy amount of people on the plane and expect people to check their carry on as they have now run out of space. My tray table was not clean and their crew looked exhausted. They did not respond to the call bell throughout the flight. Pillows and blankets were provided upon request. 
  Southwest  maybe fly, maybe not. The gambling of your Vegas trip starts the moment you book a Southwest flight. Will you actually get there, or will they cancel your flight? Well, I am not lucky in cards  so my flight got cancelled just because. No inclement weather, no real reason. Just the fact that Southwest is incapable of doing their job of scheduling and has no care for their passengers time nor plans. So what they refunded the money? Thats not what I was looking for  I was looking to see my friend and make memories. But their rebooking is just ridiculous. Delaying my weekend trip until Saturday night, no other options, no other compensation. They are professional at cancelling flights without a second thought and then basically insulting you with their rebooking. I will never book Southwest again, I would rather invest in a reliable airline to actually get to my destination. Now I have a ruined vacation I was looking forwards to for my first mothers day and my only option was to cry about it.
 Terrible airline  not sure why they come across as a major airline, absolute garbage quality. Zero recline on the seats and no neck support, which is shocking. No snack service on a 6.5 hour flight, not even a pack of peanuts. Even water costs money. Stay away if possible.
  Raratonga to Auckland. Nearly left us stranded on the Cook Islands after delaying a flight for over 10 hours due to crew issues  something fully in their control. Zero communication before arriving at the airport no SMS, no email. Nearly ruined our honeymoon, except for the fact that we could buy a ticket on New Zealand for an extra $800. JetStar did not attempt to make this right by me.
ARNVBYARN soldmarketed under Gotlandsflyg but operated by Nextjet which claims to be Swedens largest regional airline. The Visby flights were operated by a Saab 340 and load was about 3040 in the offseason. Rather exorbitant prices if booked through the website as much as $150$200 OW cheaper if booked through Gotlandsflyg and cheapest if booked at the airport on a standby price. Onboard service is nonexistent no drinks everything for sale. Magazines of both Nextjet and Gotlandsflyg in the seatback pockets BOB in both listed as cardonly but flight attendant only takes cash and offerings are completely different though good quality and cheap. Late on the outbound early on the inbound with poor service this airline left a lot to be desired.
  Bonaire to Curaao. My family has been flying to Bonaire for years and there is always an issue with Insel. We usually try to avoid it but this year had no choice. The flights from Bonaire to Curaao were delayed traveling there and back. On the way home they took stand by passengers from the previous delayed flight and took our confirmed tickets and switched them to stand by so we werent able to get on the flight out of Curaao to Aruba! Then had to spend the night in Aruba because we missed the connection flight home. They didnt pay for a hotel or for the $400 fee to switch our flights and we were traveling with our 1 year old and 4 year old! The supervisor told us we were out of luck and literally walked away from us. The staff is horrendous and also all the toilets in the bathroom wouldnt flush and the airport is disgusting. Please do yourself a favor and pay the extra money to avoid Insel. You will save yourself a nightmare. If I could give them a zero star I would.
  I expected way more from this airline due to the fact that the money they ask for approximately equals the ticket price of highlevel airlines like Qatar Airways or so. For sure it does not worth the money. They do not provide the service at all they did not have any blankets even though we were okay to pay for them or they sell the service which is expected and okay if you are traveling with inexpensive airlines but that does not include flydubai for sure. The staff was not helping at all even though they would promise to.
  Left 2.5 hours late and we almost missed our Singapore Airlines connecting Flight as the Skyrail between terminals was not working and we had 25 mins to get from terminal 1 to Terminal 3. When we arrived at the gate we were told to go to, By Singapore Airlines Sign as we Departed our flight. The gate was shut. We found out by a passerby that the gate changed 2.5 hours previously and was now another 10 mins further on, we made it but our luggage did not. We got on plane to find we were seated separately.  We booked in with staff together  we arrived together. We got to Manchester and were told luggage would be about 4 days. on the 5th day we went to the Airport 2 hours later we emerged hopeful  our baggage arrived on the 6th Day only to find the suitcase with missing roller  damaged. We had to use our own money to buy underware, toiletries, clothes for 2 people  a suitcase. This will be refunded but in the meantime we had to use our own money. I get to the airport to fly out this morning  there is no register of my Vegetarian meal on departing flight and I did enter it at the same time I did the previous flight.  We lost 13 of our holiday 100 due to delays. We were allowed to go to the Business Class lounge on the way out as compensation, I should be grateful for Vegetarian Sausages before I leave  a glass of Wine.  Compensation should have been upgrade to business class. We paid extra Premium Economy as we thought it would be more comfortable and relaxing but couldnt have been worse. 
  Moment before the flight took off the tyre burst and the flight took a halt.  Even after the flight got cancelled, they did not arrange any accommodation or anything for the passengers and the passengers were asked to arrange their own. Extremely bad service. 
Return flight London City to Glasgow on Embraer E170. Crew very friendly. A personal greeting was given at the door by the purser. Lovely aircraft very new and comfortable.
  I booked an air ticket from the Air Asia website and paid with my MasterCard. A transaction fee was also deducted. When the flight was rescheduled, I opted for a refund. It was confirmed in the WhatsApp chat. The refund was processed on 12 Nov 2021. But the money was not received on my Card. I contacted them repeatedly regarding this issue, but every time I was informed that the money was paid from your end. I repeatedly had long queries at my bank. The bank checked everything and said no money was issued to my MasterCard. I have been contacting them for more than 2 months at least 10 times. No effort was made by them to refund. Only empty words. This has been a terrible experience for me. 
I had high expectation as Comair flies under the banner of British Airways and considers itself a fullservice airline. Reality was different. Cramped seats, very dirty cabin, the staff were the unfriendliest I have experienced, perhaps they had just a bad day but they seemed not to be smiling at all. Food was average. Forgot a picture onboard which was fortunately handed over to me later, thank you for that. If possible I would try to avoid this airline and go for Kulula or South African Airways.
 Albrook Panama City to Bocas del Toro. After reading comments about this airline I was a bit worried but our flight with Air Panama was really okay. Checkin at the airport was quick, there were no lines. My bag was 17 kg so I had to pay 9 dollars for the 3 kg overweight. Totally fine. There are no infoscreens at the small airport of Albrook but as there are only leaving a couple of flights a day its obvious when boarding starts. The flight left at 2.30, so right on time. The fokker 50 used for this flight is old but seatpitch was okay for this 55 minute flight to Bocas. After a loud and bumpy take off the crew handed out some crisps and a soda. After 35 minutes of cruising with some wonderful views at the rainforest and Caribbean beaches, the pilot started decent into Bocas airport. After a soft landing and a short taxi to the small apron our luggage appeared within minutes. We really enjoyed this flight in this old air Panama fokkerairplane.
  Great service on long haul with on time departure from PER and arrival into KUL, same from KUL into BKK. Meals were basic but hot and tasty and good selection of soft drinks no alcohol served. Overnighted in KL then returned early morning for continuation flight. As a Oneworld Emerald customer was able to visit the Malaysia Airlines Regional Golden Lounge. Seat in exit row on the shorter leg KULBKK gave extra legroom, worth it for the discounted upgrade price of USD14. Only disappointment was the inflight entertainment. Tiny screen and lack of choices for movies. IFE needs a full overhaul. Excellent value for the price otherwise, and will definitely be using MH for regional Asia flights.
  Kansai to London via Incheon. Disgraceful bag drop scenes at Kansai airport, even having checkedin online and printed our boarding passes  50 minute queue with only four bagdrop desks open for two flights. New, quiet aircraft with comfortable seats. Service adequate, food poor. No alcohol on first flight from KIXICN, only offered one glass of wine on the flight from Incheon to London. Entertainment system quite good with some good recent films. Smooth bag drop at Heathrow T2 for return journey. Same issues with food and alcohol. All flights landed more or less on time.
  Thai Airways cancel my flight that cost I and my wife 3 days in Hamburg to wait another flight back to our Sydney. They wrote a letter and said we regret for inconvenience. then nothing more to show they care for their customers. Now I am complaining them, and I just received that we have no basis to consider for any sort of compensation. What can you do with such a bad and rude company like Thai Airways?  I take no more Thai Airways and ask you to do the same. 
  Toronto to Barcelona. These planes are way too tight for long haul flights. I felt like a sardine! A friend paid extra for her seat and was very uncomfortable. The first class seats are a joke for all the extra room they have. Our return trip from Rome was longer but seemed shorter in a regular Air Canada plane. The seats were comfortable with more leg room and monitors on the seat backs, no extra cost paid for seats.
  I was traveling with Qatar Airways from Doha to Dhaka, Bangladesh on April 17th in Economy class. Earlier I traveled from DFW to DOH in Business class. Cabin crew who was serving us is Rania. Rania was such an outstanding cabin crew, she was very warm, welcoming, accommodating and went above and beyond to make the flight experience pleasant. While serving dinner, they ran out of my preferred meal, she made sure that her colleagues on the other isles had my preferred meal and she brought it to me. Although I traveled in Economy class from Doha to Dhaka, her genuine care and warm disposition made me feel like I was traveling in Business class. She definitely upheld the standard that Qatar airways promise its clientele and boast about! Thank you Rania, and thank you Qatar airways!
  Enjoyable and troublefree travel on BA City Flyer. Ive found that by making sure one has as much time as possible between flights for layovers this takes the stress out of flying these days with high aircraft utilisation the norm. Ive noticed that so many complaints seem to be over problems caused by missed connections due to delays caused by air traffic issues or bad weather, or both. The Golden Rule is simple!  never trust the short transfer and connection times between flights listed on airline web sites or suggested by some travel agents  its just not worth the hassle these days, even if that means staying overnight at an airport hotel for your next flight, especially if that is longhaul or vv. Anyway, I allowed many hours between my flights through London City a delightful little airport and was also able to fit in a business meeting at the airport. BA City Flyer flights on the smaller EMB190 jet are excellent. Cabin crew were very attentive with my only complaint being that cheese dishes were all that were available  when are airlines going to realise many of us cannot east cheese or chocolate due to the subsequent increased risk of migraine attacks. My GP knows this and has for years, why dont the airlines? BA City Flyer is an excellent option and business class fares can often be cheap and chips.
Flew St Helier to Cardiff last Monday first time with this airline. First impressions were good from friendly steward greeting on the front steps but not so good on actual plane Fokker 70 showing its age as it was a bit grubby and with heavy wear and tear left it feeling rather old fashioned note the inarm ashtrays  I can remember the days of smoking on planes and thank goodness this doesnt happen anymore  and overall browny beigeness of the fittings. Very good service offering hotcoldalcoholic drinks and a sweet or savoury snack not expected but appreciated and the poor steward barely had time to clear up before landing such is the short flight. The 23Kg baggage allowance must be one of the most generous in the air so good on CJ for this. Overall would fly with them again.
  A new plane, with in flight entertainment plane left on time and arrived 12 minutes earlier, the crew with a smile. The only complaint was the boarding in a remote stand in Lisbon and we had to stay in the bus before boarding closed for more then 5 minutes.
  Third time flying to Boston from Tampa this year for healthcare reasons for my dad. I have flown Jet Blue since 2005. I loved them for years and probably have seventy five flights with them. I will never book JetBlue again. The last few trips have been maintenance problems with the plane. My trip on July 23rd to Tampa is delayed from 1018 to 240 as they are waiting for a plane from the Dominican republic to arrive. A four hour delay is now common on Jet Blue flights along with cancelations. The email they sent me says it is a 22hr flight to Tampa and the help desk doesnt know why it says that so you have to literally go to the help desk to get information. I am sixty years old and have flown my whole life. They have turned into the worst airline in the United States.
  Do not recommend this airline as their service is terrible. We flew Ponta Delgada to Lisbon and had connection in Lisbon with KLM. Ticket was sold with connection. When we tried to check in luggage all the way to Amsterdam it was refused even though SATA does have interline agreement with KLM. As result of it we had to recheck luggage in Lisbon. Flight was delayed, took 25 min. for luggage to arrive in Lisbin, check in desk was closed by the time we arrived to recheck luggage. Missed connecting flight just because luggage was not checked all the way. Zero help from SATA, sent complain letter to them , after more than a month none reaction. Use TAP as they more flexible than SATA.
Lagos to JFK Business Class. New A340 the seat was lay flat and fairly spacious. Cabin almost empty while Economy was full. Even so the crew had trouble remembering to bring my food and never got around to headphones. The food they remembered to bring was fair to good. In seat power made up for thin AVOD so one could watch computer movie. Seat controls a bit contrived but functional. Arik was only airline in Lagos to take a credit card even though the purchase process was painful. Check in very confused but that seems to be the Lagos airport staff. Still a better experience than the US airlines international service.
  Tel Aviv to Thessaloniki. Israir sells tickets for its flight that have the look of regular flights, not charter flights. It then changed the times of flight in advance i.e. no delay or unexpected problem by 23 hours. This moves the flight time from a premium time, like 1030 am, to a very unappealing timeslot. In our case the outbound flight was 530am and 2 hours in advance! Next, it uses some unknown charter flights company and not its own airplanes and crews. In our case it was a Czech Republic company one way and a Slovenian one the other way. Finally and probably as a result of the above it uses horrendous planes with impossible seating. To the extent that we were delayed in boarding because a lady had to be assisted by a stewardess in squeezing into her seat.
  I received an SMS to check in, but then I received a message the afternoon before that my flight was cancelled. They gave me an alternative flight in the afternoon but that would have been useless since I would have missed a concert. So I had to desperately look for last minute flights on other airlines. Very expensive at the last minute. I will only fly again if I have no other choice. At least I got a quick refund.
  Good day FlySafair. I would like to thank the manager ands the two other gents whom assisted me with my baggage at the check in counter after being refused to go through the gate for having too many bags. Thank you for helping me through the airport staff entrance in order for me not to miss my flight due to repacking my bags. Sadly I did not catch their names but they will know whom they are. My flight was at 3.55pm Johannesburg to George Regards. 
  Dregs of the airlines! Every time I get suckered in with their low rate, I vow to never fly with these incompetents again. $4 for water or coffee. Seats feel like youre sitting on a 2x4. Ripoff for anything extra. Baggage claim taking over 30 minutes!
  Took the 7.55pm flight Singapore to Kuala Lumpur on 7 March. The gate was changed less than an hour from the departure time. There was no one at the initial gate to redirect the passengers. Only an announcement over the PA system which could have easily been missed. Later, we were informed that there had been a change in plane, therefore change in gate. At the new gate, a plane awaits us. We boarded the plane at the original boarding time. Upon boarding, it was instantaneous that one could feel the air con in the aircraft wasnt working. The entire plane was stuffy. With that poor ventilation and stuffiness, the airline should not have allowed passengers to board. The ordeal begins thereafter, and an entire plane of passengers were left in the stuffy aircraft for the next 3 hours. In between, a passenger who wasnt feeling well was escorted out. Remaining passengers were left fanning themselves furiously. Though the pilot had the aircon restarted twice, it was obvious that was not in a state good enough to keep the aircraft less stuffy. Air stewardess and stewards could only keep serving iced water and refreshing towels. It was a pathetic state. When asked, the air stewards and stewardess looked clueless on whats going on. After a couple of tries and taxiing off from the gate, the pilot and engineers realised that it is not going to work. We were told that they will change a plane at close to 11pm. The next plane was scheduled to depart at 11.30pm. There were further delays to the 11.30pm. First they told us its 5 minutes delay and we will be allowed to board at 11.35pm. But that was not the end of it. We finally begin boarding only at close to 12am. After we got off the aircraft with the faulty aircon, we were given a pack with pathetic food. Just before we board the replacement flight, we were given a slip of paper telling us that there is free wifi at the airport and we can notify our friends and family of the delay if they are waiting for us at KLIA. Thanks but no thanks. Already too late. Just when we are boarding and we are required to switch of our phones? Brainless move. Good job SilkAir, and good luck. 
  Baku to Tblisi. Buta Airways charge 25 euros for carry on luggage if you have budget class tickets.  This practice is misleading. I will avoid this airline in the future.
  Vancouver to Delhi via Shanghai. Worst experience ever, first delayed baggage then missing items from my baggage. Locks got changed and the staff have no clue how this happened. I feel there is improvement needed in communication gap. I wish I could talk to someone who can at least understand English. Tickets are cheap and so is the service. I would never ever recommend this airline to anyone. Claim department is useless doesnt even cooperate since, all they care if I knew Chinese. 
  I booked a flight from Papeete to Paris via San Francisco on Edreams. They proceeded to the reservation on French Bee. When I arrived at Papeete airport, I was asked to collect my luggage in San Francisco. This was something I could not do, as there was only two hours of transit time. I tried everything,  I stressed all the people in the customs line to try to arrive on time, finally I missed the flight to Paris. In San Francisco put me back on the next flight to Paris 2 days later. I asked them to book me a hotel which was refused because for them it was a mistake at Edreams. They left me without a solution. I had some money and I was able to book a hotel end of holidayslimited budget. When I came back, I tried everything to recover the hotel and restaurant expenses.
 Astana to London. Air Astana provided me with great assistance at a time when I needed a relaxed easy journey. All staff I encountered were polite and helpful. There were no delays or issues at any point. Plane journey was smooth and arrived on time. Seats were comfortable and food served was delicious, not just for airline food. Entertainment on board is lacing with each seat needed a screen rather than one between rows. Easy booking process and very flexible airline with a personal touch that goes a long way. Will fly Air Astana again.
  After taking two more South American flights with LAN after incident reported here with loss of my suitcase etc, I can safely say LAN has a problem. The flight attendants are very friendly and the food is not bad, but ground staff is not helpful, arrogant and indifferent. But what is more worrying is that this airline is frantically buying new planes but sends its very old ones to the Lima, Bogota or Quito based local airlines. So from Lima to Miami I had a very very old 767. From seat 1A the toilet smell was pretty strong and unpleasant. So while you will travel in a lovely Boeing 787 to USA, Australia, Europe or Brazil if you depart Santiago, if you depart Lima or Bogota you will get a very old aircraft. The business class seat on the 767 was extremely uncomfortable, one of the worst ever.
 Its important to know that if you book a ticket in economy you cant change your flight date if you need to. With over a months notice, they would not let me change my flight date. I had to lose the entire ticket  full payment. First thing is they should warn you about this at booking.  I understand paying a penalty, but having to pay the entire ticket is unbelievable to me. Ill never fly with them ever and Ill advise others to avoid them also.
  Refund not given against cancelled flight by Airline. I have booked roundtrip ticket from Kunming to Delhi and Delhi to kunming but Shandong Airline not allowed to travel my daughter due to surname printed on booked ticket. This ticket was booked wrong by Travel agency. ShandongAirline didnt any help me.Travel agency refuse to refund against cancelled flight, this is totallyunacceptable.
  Denpasar to Melbourne via Kuala Lumpur. I paid for my ticket, 6 days later the flight is cancelled, there are no available flights for a month. 3 other carriers are going my route. Airasia refuse to refund the ticket. Insisting I take credit for flights not even available. We all understand that flying during Covid 19 is difficulty. This policy is shameful if you cannot carry the passenger return the payment. To contact AirAsia you have to use a robot called Ava or social media. Ava put me in a 3 hour queue where I have to watch the screen was there is a 60 second window to get access. It took me 10 hours to be watching at the right time then the result is no help or refund Alternatively you can use social media, my DM on Twitter to support is idling in the their box for 48 hours with no response. I recommend that passengers be very early of AirAsia at this time they post non existent flights then take your money and keep it.
  Booked round trip flights from Amsterdam to Riga for a group of 17. Flights were booked 5 months in advance. 1 month before the flight Transavia informs me by email that the flights are cancelled. Called them and was told by agents no alternative flights are offered. The only option is a refund. Alternative flights to Riga are currently 300 euros more expensive than what we paid at the time of booking. This means the actions of transavia resulted in 5000 17300 euro damage for us. Never again!
  Flew Monarch from Gatwick to Malaga. It was pouring with rain at 6.45am, we were queuing up outside. I asked why there was no tunnel and was told that the other plane used it. After entering the plane wet, I waited for the apology over the tannoy. It never came. I then asked an attendant when would we get the sorry. He had a word with his cabin manager and the pilot reluctantly apologised but you could here he despised saying it. As we left the plane not one of the attendants said goodbye to its passengers. The culture is different, middle England, sort of a bloated fat and happy kind of attitude. Its a shame they do not survey every passenger every time so they can grab the social media unhappy posters. I doubt they even take noe of what is written on here.
 The first time I took a plane, it is a nice trip. The staff who handled the formalities were very friendly, and I will choose China Southern Airlines in the future
  Jakarta to Vancouver via Taipei. First time flying on China Airlines after Expedia mistakenly cancelled our Air Canada booking. We were impressed with the aircraft which looked new and most up to date entertainment system. Our family enjoyed the food, even our children finished their meals and theyre picky. What I was most impressed with was their customer service and ability to help us change flights in the midst of the Covid19 pandemic that occurred while we were away. Due to closing borders where we were scheduled to be on our way back home, we had to change our flight to a direct flight back home and we wanted to leave as early as possible. We could get never get through to Expedia at all after hours on the phone but China Airlines customer service was more than helpful and they were able make our changes for us and get us home even though we booked through Expedia. Next time I travel to Asia, I would consider China Airlines as a top choice carrier. 
  Malang to Jakarta. Absolutely appalling.We booked tickets that said they came with checked baggage, yet when we looked the day before flying it said no bags. Prepaid bags can only be paid earlier than 6 hours prior to the flight. Impossible to purchase online within 48 hours of the flight. Clearly we were not able to go to the airport the day before our flight to pay a slightly cheaper price for our bags. The worst part is they charge by kg, so our heavy bags cost us about 800k rupiah $80 at the airport. The staff understood nothing and looked almost smug taking our cash oh yeah, they only accept cash. Completely shady and unprofessional.
  This is the worst airline, late from Chicago 3 hours, missed connecting flight in Warsaw, the stuff are so rude. After staying in line at info desk for 2 hours we lost chance to take late connecting flight they are so unprofessional. This is first and last time to fly with them. We had to spend night at some motel, coming back month later flying back to USA flight was late again 2 hours. They are so unprofessional I would not recommend LOT Polish Airlines. They dont keep family to seat together, we were all over plane seated with strangers so be prepared for that. They want you to pay each flight each way $75 extra per seat.
LUXCDG on a ERJ and back on new Q400. As always both flights arrived perfectly on time. Checkin in a rush but unfortunately the ground staff wasnt the friendliest. Seats very comfortable with plenty of legroom on both types but the best of all were the tasty snacks they served during the short flights. A very pleasant experience!
This Air Malta flight from Venice to Malta went well. The only problem is the ground crew at the airport did not call for boarding at any time. Fortunately we were sitting by the gate and noticed a last boarding sign. The flight was comfortable, on time, the crew on this flight was very nice and helpful. The food as usual a bun and water is not very nice. Because of other problems with Air Malta I would not fly with them again just because this flight went smoothly. I just cant take that chance again.
 You cannot label front economy seats as Premium Economy. These are 333 layout Economy seats with no additional comfort. You just cannot change the global definition of any class for your profits. Route FRA to DEL. On top of this your ground staff is so rude and ignorant that they wont accommodate any requests no matter how serious.
  Sydney to Melbourne. The staff were helpful but our 7am plane was cancelled at 10.15pm the night before and rescheduled to 230pm. The plane was further delayed for over an hour due to technical issues. The seats were really uncomfortable and theres no room for anyone over 58. Aside from the air hostesses, the carrier is of very poor quality. I would not use this service if you need to someone by a certain time. There are many reviews that state the same issues.
  Mauritius to Mumbai via Mahe. We had a horrible experience flying Air Seychelles. Particularly Mahe to Mumbai. We took Air Seychelles flight from Mauritius to Mahe  at Mahe airport for our onward flight from mahe to mumbai, when we politely requested to give us seats in the front of the economy  we were rudely turned down. How difficult is it to give 2 tickets in the front where in the tickets that were given to us were in the last and second last row  not even together  really unprofessional, unfair, rude. To top it in the 4 and half hour flight from Mahe to Mumbai we were not given the blankets. When asked about the blankets, the cabin crew told us that they had limited supply and they gave it to seats 6 to 15. The cabin crew did not even come and ask us about disembarkation form. 
 TokyoHaneda to Bangkok then to Jakarta onboard their Airbus A330 and Boeing 777, right on the 63rd anniversary of this airline. The TokyoBangkok leg was sublime the crews, in Thai traditional uniforms, treated us like they were happy to have all passengers onboard this very special occasion. They were friendly, professional, and always present throughout the flight. The seat was comfortable, but they could have added some extra legroom since my leg touched the seat in front of me when sleeping in a relaxedreclined position, and for the record, I am only 5 ft 6. Ground staff at Haneda were friendly and professional, as well. The positive trend was continued by the IFE system and the food I received on the flight. Not only did I receive two meals, but they were absolutely exquisite, although their rice could use a tad more seasoning to make it perfect. The IFE system on the A330 contained more selections than their 777s, with the same, good level of responsiveness and excellent layout. It was the BangkokJakarta leg that brought the scores down a little bit. The ground staff at Bangkok, as usual, were not up to the Land of Smiles name, the crews seemed to lack friendliness although they remained professional and efficient, the seats were a tad too hard although had better legroom, and the inflight entertainment was an old model that lacked responsiveness and often hung and crashed, although it had good selections and layout. The meal served on this flight, however, were just as delicious as my previous 3 Thai flights. Overall, in these two anniversaryedition flights, there were some downsides that need improvement, especially on the BangkokJakarta leg, but the Thai touch has not completely vanished. I can see that theyre slowly but surely going back to its former glory.
 Prices are horrible, in flight service is horrible. Just a terrible airline. Its also impossible to resolve anything with them. Its an embarrassment that this it the main Colombian airline.
  I decided to switch from Jetstar to Scoot, thought it would be better as its with SQ. Nope. They changed my flight, didnt give another option. Been trying to contact them, no easy way...or any way. Stay away.
 After a long time, I had decided to fly back to Bangalore on Air Asia on this afternoon flight as the timing was convenient for the arrival. A point to note is that the check in for the flight has opened almost 2 weeks before the departure of the flight as opposed to the usual 48 hours which is present on the other flights. Also another point to note is that the default seat selection which is provided by Air Asia seems to be free of cost, however if we try to change our seating rows, then a charge of Rs 250 needs to be provided for the window  aisle seats. As me and my wife were travelling together, I had decided to go with the default seat selection so as to avoid the extra seat fares. During the checkin the staff was proactive enough to accommodate me and my wife in a separate line which was faster than the usual long queues present. Also the crew wanted us to provide a feedback on the checkin process and how it could be improved and this was a pretty fun thing that was done. Boarding started well on time and one thing to note is that, if you are a person on the taller side, the seats could be a bit cramped. I have flown on other low cost carriers and Air Asia seems by far the most cramped when it comes to seat pitch. On short haul flights they are fine however on flights of more than 2 hours it could get uncomfortable. Also during boarding, I did not see the crew welcoming everyone on board which is something that was surprising considering how well the staff at the check in counters were. Flight landed well ahead of schedule and baggage was also retrieved quickly. For the money that was paid, the service provided was nice. However seat pitch is something that needs to be kept in mind.
  Myself my mother and my husband flew Gatwick to Sydney via Taipei with China Airlines but will never fly with them again. The cabin crew on the first leg of the journey did not speak hardly at all. We could not hear nor understand the announcements so in an emergency it would have been guess work which I find astounding but in general I think its poor customer service. The food was just awful, I know it was 95 Chinese passengers but I think the airline should look at the list of people and cater for those who dont want to eat soggy rice and chicken on both the inbound and outbound flights. The blankets provided were a dirty mustard colour and were way past their use date. The cabin crew all were wearing face masks to protect themselves and passengers but found it totally unhygienic that they wiped down the toilet floors, units and toilet with paper towels and no gloves on, that to me was not only disgusting but a health and safety issue. Overall we all found our experience with China Airlines a very poor one. Never again to be repeated.
  Beijing to Frankfurt via Tashkent. Check in at T2 in Beijing was easy and staff where giving priority to business classs passsengers. Lounge was okay even so I would not be happy if I was hungry. Boarding and flight were almost on time whichbin Beijing is almost like a miracle. Flight attendants were not over the top but decent and friendly. Food was not my taste but I guess this is a matter of what you prefer. Transit experience was nice for the lounge but transit staff at Taschkent were not so helpful and for some reason kept me waiting in a corner and could not tell me what for only to tell me then I could walk on now.  Lounge run out of beer and food were snacks at best which you have to heat up by yourself. Internet was not working for me. On the leg to Frankfurt last minute change to Boeing 757 rather 767. Plenty of upgrades as a result as economy overbooked. The plane was old not very comfy for sleeping. The 767 before was much better and even so not a full flat seat it was alright to sleep. So seats are dependent on aircraft used. B767 is okay B757 is not. Guess 787 would be okay as well. Things are kept clean, IFE is utterly useless. Transfer in TAS easy if they do or tell you to wait for no good reason. Staff is average, which means like they seem to do their job alright but there was no pleasant surprises in service concept at all. Well considering they were cheap I would say I recommend to fly if all you are really after is a cheap seat with extra legroom. If you want a full business class experience I would avoid them.
SOUJER via GCI. Booked BI rather than FlyBe after reading good reviews. Outbound was professional and genuinely like flying used to be. Dornier comfortable and quiet  cold drink plus snacks SOUGCI cockpit visit on ground on GCI made our sons day almost instant baggage retrieval at JER and all at £150 less than FlyBe for the round trip. Return on a Sunday evening full JERGCI  JER lounge cramped 2 flights to GCI but free refreshments welcome nonetheless. Slight delay on incoming and high load on GCIJER return led to switch to ATR42 for GCISOU. All handled efficiently and with smiles all round. 5 minutes late into SOU on Sunday evening  baggage off in 5 minutes so very pleased all round.
London  Tripoli  Accra. Have to say that in both directions a pleasant and trouble free flight. Onboard catering was fine and Coach class seating exceeded standard specs both pitch and quality of seats. New aircraft but remember that this is a dry airline so no alcohol available. Overall I would be happy to fly with them again.
  Paris to Nantes. Strikes on April 23 did not allow me to take this flight. Since April 21st I try to contact hop, by phone no one answers, no one also responds to emails or through the contact page of their website, or by twitter. I lost 200 euros, I could not change this flight and had to buy another ticket. Today May 16, still no response from them.
 I asked for champagne on board which every airlines serve on business class but SA doesnt. They dont have menu to choose from. The cabin crew comes and take your order and they only have 2 options to choose from. In flight entertainment is poor. Their worldwide call centers are the most terrible one Ive ever came across. I was trying to change my date from Accra to Washington. I contacted the Accra office 3 times. Someone picked the call then hangs up as if Im disturbing their peace. I contacted Johannesburg office and I was placed on hold for 30 mins until I ran out of airtime credit. I called back again and after being on hold for 25 mins a customer service rep came on the phone and placed me on hold again for another 30 mins until I hanged up. I called the Washington office and again I was placed on hold for one hour until someone answered then she placed me on hold after taking for my booking code. She kept me on hold for 1.5hrs and never returned to me. As I write this review Im still on hold waiting to talk to someone because my flight takes off tomorrow and I need to do these changes before tomorrow. My husband is also on hold for 2 hrs hoping someone answers his call so he can talk to them on my behalf. Its quite expensive to call from Africa and I spent over $60 buying airtime credit just to call SA customer service but to no avail. What a horrible customer service and airline. This is my second time flying SA and Im done with them. Ill advise my friends and family and everyone to stay away from this horrible airline. Its been 2.5hrs now and Im still on hold. At this time Im going to hang up and close the chapter with SA the worst airline Ive ever.
EFLATHLHR return. Cant fault a thing really good snacks and coffee served on the short hop to Athens a good hot lunch  dinner served by very attentive crew on LHR sectors seating comfortable with more than adequate leg room although some form of entertainment would have been appreciated. Service only slightly marred by being told by a crew member that they would only serve me two white wines as if I was some school child! All flights on time baggage delivery at LHR painfully slow though which needs some attention but not really the airlines fault.
 Connecting from Dubai to Chiang Mai. Domestic connections very seamless at that hour 7.30pm as there werent many domestic flights left. Lounge at Bangkok was very quiet and pleasant with a decent selection of snacks and drinks, good wifi too. Boarding was done on time and very quickly as the flight wasnt too full. Cabin crew were professional and friendly. Left Bangkok 10 minutes ahead of schedule. Full meal was served although it was cold and rather underwhelming, unexpected of Bangkok Air. Landed in Chiang Mai 30 minutes ahead of schedule. Only issue was that the plane was rather old and the legroom was very tight but overall, a good flight.
  Because of the epidemic, my flight with other airline cancelled so I have to temporarily change to this flight. Ticket prices have not become unacceptable due the epidemic, certainly the price is not as cheap as lowcost airlines. The flight attendant was very patient, because I needed operate the health code. He helped me and answered my questions. The flight provides a meal, but if it goes more delicate will be perfect.
I was in row 1 both ways and they are great seats with plenty of legroom and no one in front to recline on you. Staff on outward flight 191115 were friendly and professional, the lead stewardess asking if everything been ok. Shame the return attendants not the same. I know its a night flight but all they seemed bothered about was to rush through all service and close curtains and sit and talk for hours. When required they pushed through curtains without taking much care that they caught me as I was in row 1  and waking me up. Also on return the benefit of being allowed off before economy class was just ignored  they just let everyone rush off together, a bit annoying as that is what you pay for. Thought food was basic but filled a gap. There is obviously problem with Thomson and staff at Cancun as we were delayed an hour just waiting for buses to take us to aircraft and on landing in Cancun were were ahead of schedule by 45 mins, but had to sit on runway. From overhearing Thomson staff this appears to be a regular problem with Thomson flights and Cancun ground staff. Premuim economy worth it for the seat and fast security at Manchester. given £15 voucher for Manchester instead of lounge which suited me and had lovely breakfast on main concourse. Premium economy was life saver at Cancun as only waited in short queue to book in, whereas economy flights there were three Thomson flights to UK at the same time, and all in one long and winding queue and took hours to book in.
MNLPPS return in aging A319 out of old Domestic Terminal. When Cebu Pacific transferred to T3 the experience at the old domestic became a lot more pleasant. Had a slight hiccup with my youngest since she was booked as infant fare when it should have been child. Ground staff sorted it out within the hour after a few well placed phone calls. Snacks and drinks for purchase but not necessary due to the short flight. Departure and arrival both legs were on time and crew was pleasant for the short 1 hour hop.
  Boarding at JFKs Terminal 4 orderly and efficient. Seats comfortable for the nine hour flight back to Honolulu. The cabin crew was awesome with their food and snack service. The complimentary wine with the meals is a nice touch albeit the only course was a vegetarian pasta dish with salad and cookie. The snack prior to landing was good as well, especially with the macnut chocolate included. The flight itself was extremely smooth with very little turbulence along the way. Of the various airline pilots from different companies which I have flown, HA pilots make the smoothest landings, well appreciated. HAs entertainment could use more varieties of movies, and definitely a wifi system on board which HA has none. All in all thank you Hawaiian for a job well done. Hawaii truly does fly with Hawaiian.
  Bangkok to Chiang Rai. The gate closed 15 minutes pass the departure time to pack on more passengers.  Slow boarding and unboarding system 30 minutes delay. Nothing is offered free, water costs money.
I flew Ariana Afghan Airlines from Kabul to Delhi. Timing was good, but very crowded while boarding. The flight was enjoyable but no entertainment. Good and enough food provided. Very friendly and helpful staff on the flight. The ticket was very reasonable price.
  Iasi to Luton. The most unwise staff. They are very arrogant and does not let you have even a bag with medicines and personal documents. I dont recommend this company at all.
 Dubai to Tabuk. Im waiting for my boarding and I was just shouted at for a simple misunderstanding. They asked me to come 4 hours in advance simply to cover for their failure to manage the time of the flights.
ZRH to LJU as a continuation to a flight with Swiss. Adria were not as good as Swiss but they did make us feel welcome onboard and look after us. The return flight was much better than the outbound flight with the cabin crew smiling and talking to passengers. The CRJ was clean and looked in better condition than other airlines equipment I have flown in the past.
  Beijing to Brussels. Nice trip. The overall ride is very comfortable. Crew was very patient and asked carefully what meals were needed, and all the requirements were met in detail. They arrange the passengers very loosely, and there is not a short distance between them, which I think is very good.
  Worst experience Ive ever had. They lost one of my bags and damaged my other bag, Ive been without my things for 3 days now and they have not stayed in proper contact with me and told me on my second day they could not deliver it after 12 and they would deliver it to me on the 3rd day but I still havent received any information or my bag. They also wont take any responsibility for the broken bag, they ripped my zipper right off and now the bag is not usable and I need to replace it with my own money. I also asked to go pick my bag up from the airport myself and they havent given me the option to do that even tho the lady that assisted me at the airport said I would be able to. This is my first time and last time flying with them. 
  My flight got delayed 13 hours and as compensation they gave us $50 vouchers which turned out to be completely useless. They separate their flights by classes and majority of the flights are classes which are ineligible for my voucher. The voucher also only covers part of the flight. They breakdown the flight price by basic fare, taxes, and fees. The voucher only covers the basic fare which is only 70 of the price of the flight. I called them multiple times and they give me awful responses and had no intention to help.
  Amsterdam to Jakarta via Jeddah. I cannot understand that an Airline like this could exist. The service on board is the worst I ever experienced. I called the customer service because something went wrong with my upgrade to business. My offer was accepted but only for 1 person instead of 3. I cancelled it and do it again, again it was accepted but again only for 1 person. I contacted Saudia on Facebook and after the autobot they say they would contact me for this upgrade but they didnt I called the following telephone numbers from their contact list  USA, Singapore, Saudia, Kuwait, Qatar, Jordan, UK, Germany etc. so all the phone numbers because I booked online I contacted the agent and they also could do it for me and told me again to call to Saudia. I told them I cannot reach them and they told me they cannot do anything for me. After that  emailed them and again not reply until this day. I never experience this kind of service before. And Im not letting it by for this. I find this the WORST airlines that there is for customer service. I hope after other people see this review they wont book there. Its not worth it
  Never flying this airline again. Late both going to Columbus and the connecting flight returning to Oakland. Going to Columbus we were delayed and sent to another gate, only to return to the same gate we came from an hour later. On the return trip, I had to run with carry on and laptop from gate N to gate D with minutes to spare to make my flight. Also all the passengers on the return flight from CMH to Columbus had to have an additional security check at the gate  a full body pat down  before boarding the flight. What a horrible experience! One I will never repeat.
  First they cancelled our flight and expected us to have a layover of 13 hours with a one year old in Singapore. Luckily Lufthansa was able to rebook our flights over Bangkok. Next the flight from Bangkok was delayed but no information from the ground staff. When we arrived at Manila 39 minutes late we found that our luggage was damaged  after filing a complaint we got an email saying that they are not responsible. This airline is the worst airline that I have flown with, very unprofessional. I advise everyone to stay away from this circus of an airline.
  Vladivostock to Seoul Incheon. Everything is lime green, the planes, the laboratory, parts of the crew uniform, and etc.  Planes looked relatively modern, the inside of planes are quite clean, but laboratory always kinda dirty. Quality of service was decent. However, the few times I flew with S7, never saw one smile on any of the crews, ground, at gate, or in the air. Food was terrible, so was drink options. However, for the many cities it serves, this is probably the best choice.
  Flight departed on schedule and arrived 20 minutes early. Well organised boarding in Gran Canaria with separate speedy boarding. Cabin crew were very professional, friendly and welcoming onboard. Bar services where quick and frequent with everything available that I asked for. After duty free service cabin lights were dimmed to allow us to rest. Aircraft was clean and good legroom, even in standard seats. Clear information given from pilots about route and weather at Glasgow. Bags were on the belt waiting for us getting through immigration too.
  Almaty to Bangkok. New plane, nice crew and very good service. I travel with family and also like treatment of my small children  they provide attention, and give gifts. The travel kit in economy class is also great. Excelllent qualty. The pilot kept great contact with passengers. I am really proud of our national carrier Air Astana.
  The ground service was very smooth in Chennai. I was expecting a huge crowd at the check in counter but i finished my check in within 10 mins. They changed my seat number before boarding, and upgraded my ticket to business class. The service was extremely good from Chennai to Bahrain. We had a transit time of 17 hours to Paris. They picked us from the airport and booked a room in a hotel. Provided lunch and breakfast and then dropped to airport. The flight to Paris was late by 50 mins. The service was comparatively not good. The temperature inside the aircraft was so chill they didnt provide extra blankets as well. The inflight entertainment is limited. Overall its value for money.
  Excellent service by the cabin crew and the ground crew. They went1 beyond their responsibilities and helped me do the check in for another flight to EU country and communicate with another airport. They are kind and truly helpful! I have been using their service for several years now and I never had a negative experience with them.
  Melbourne to Adelaide. I had a ticket to Adelaide and I was in the airport 2 hours before to get boarding but 1 hour before flight time I received SMS flight is canceled. My return ticket was for same day at 6pm and they gave me replacement flight at 2.40pm same day which it wasnt work. I lost almost $500 for 2 way ticket and 2 way taxi fee and at end they just paid $70. Do not recommend at all.
  The flight timings was 1.10PM to start from Bangalore to Shirdi but we are waiting in the airport still its 5.25PM. No proper communication nor the exact timings given for the fight. This is the worst customer experience. We are waiting from 8 hours in the airport. When the flight is booked for afternoon but the flight is not arrived even after 6 hours from the scheduled time. Never will use SpiceJet nor recommend for others. Very bad experience.
 Melbourne to Ho Chi Minh City via Hong Kong. One of the best airlines I have flown with. Bit pricey but you get what you pay for. Cathay Pacific has really great customer service. Seats very comfortable and I slept like a baby. Leg room very sufficient and a great food menu onboard. Up there with Singapore Airlines to be honest. Would highly recommend.
  Flight was delayed 4 hours and no communication was given whatsoever to passengers. It took 2 hours for them to find a printer just to print a document that they legally require to fly. We showed up 3 hours prior to a domestic flight and they were still not able to take our bags on time and print our boarding passes due to system issues.
  Windsor to Toronto. Terrible customer service. Worst experience. They charged us 50$ for one bag because we couldnt fit it into our other bags.
 The absolute worst airline I have ever dealt with. First my flight gets delayed an hour. No big deal, then another hour, then another. Then it gets cancelled. I never got an email saying it was cancelled, they just verbally told us. I also never saw my flight on the departure board in the airport. I along with the rest of the flight stand in a like for approximately 2 hours. They did provide hotel and transportation if needed. I get an email saying my flight was rebooked to 8pm the next night, although there was a flight at 7am the next morning. I get it switched to the 7am flight. I get a taxi service provided by Lynx, it has my flight written on it so the driver had proof I can use the ticket. I go to my place, sleep for 2 hours, then come back for 5am 2 hours before my flight for domestic I get in the line for the Lynx desk so I can pay for a tag for my carry on 83$. I tried to do it online but it would not let me so I was hoping they would charge me the online rate but they did not. They charged me before my boarding pass was printed so I lost 83$! My boarding pass would not print and the agent didnt understand why. She looks at my boarding pass and I am on the flight for 8pm! After I stood in line and got my flight changed to 7am! They said I had to call Lynx at 7am. Thankfully the flight was already delayed 2 hours so I would have time to call them and switch it. I called right at 7am and the line was busy, I called a total of 25 times and the line was constantly busy. It tells you to stay on the line to talk to an agent and right after that message, it hangs up on you. I went up to the desk and asked if they are able to help call and give me assistance as I didnt want to keep being hung up on and the flight was leaving in an hour and a half! I was never able to get through to someone on the phone, had to end up booking a new flight with Air Canada as I couldnt sit in the airport for another 12 hours with no food and sleep. I would give Lynx a 110 as they provided hotel and transportation if needed. Other than that, horrible service, horrible system, rude agents, not organized at all. Never again will I be spending my money toward this airline!
 Tokyo to Tashkent via Seoul. Booked ticked for family. Since we had newly born child, I called Asiana Airlines to add him. Eventually they did not we found it out during check in time. Called to check opening time for luggage check in. Was told different time than the actual. It took 1 hour to check in our suitcases by using individual mileages.  During passport check, Asiana Airlines did not delay the flight 1015 minutes. Staff was very cold, did not show any empathy to help, and communicate what I am requesting to her pilot?  Had to pay extra $500 to change the tickets. Could not use Family Mileage. Could not get reasonable explanation from staff. Worst experience ever.
  Gulf Air has only recently started flying out of Manchester so this is the first time I have had the chance to travel on this airline. It was a very good choice and was particularly impressed by the cabin staff who were friendly yet still very professional. Food was decent on both legs and I especially enjoyed afternoon tea on the ManchesterBahrain leg. The lounge in Bahrain was superb, even had a golf simulator. Slight disappointment was the entertainment system both in the lack of choice offered and the censorshipediting which was a bit ridiculous on one film I decided to watch. However, at the price I paid compared with other comparable airlines, it was still excellent value.
Flew LAN Airlines from Lima Jorge Chavez to Montevideo Carrasco via Santiago. Priority checkin offered with efficient service including two ticket checkins on whole route. Lounge access in LIM and SCL, both with good area to relax and grab some refreshments. Boarding in priority groups. Seats in 1A and 2A comfortable with middle seat free in premium economy in some of the european airlines this is called business class. Onboard team professional and friendly. Food quality and drinks very good. Wifi onboard with possibility to connect with inflight entertainment  great idea.
AUHSEZ round trip on A332 great service very polite staff food was tasty and plentiful. You cannot check in online but you can request a seat. Even though they received the plane last year it has old IFE has limited movies around 8 and few audio channels. Some screens were not working. They will receive another A332 this year wishing will have better IFE. Good experience I would travel with them anytime.
Hanoi  Da Nang return cancelled and automatically rebooked . Advised previous evening by email which being on Holiday I had not read so arrived at airport to find 10am flight changed to 5pm. Was offered refund which I accepted. Advised that return flight had been cancelled and we had been rebooked on flight 8 hrs earlier. Decided to seek refund on this flight too and was advised that this could only be done via call centre. Had to make 3 phone calls to call centre to confirm flight was cancelled and refund was organised last by a Vietnamese travel agent . Still waiting for both refunds 1 month later have sent 2 emails to customer service email still no reply. Also noticed when we were leaving Danang on the later VN airlines flight that the JS flight we had been re booked on was 10 hrs late so we would have missed our connecting flight in Hanoi if we had accepted the subtsitute earlier flight. As we were given advanced notice I assume that flights were not cancelled due to exceptional circumstances rather that it was a commercial decision. Will not be travelling Jetstar again as they are unreliable.
Flew XL Airways JFKCDG last week. Its a low cost airline so you get what you pay for. Tickets are always really cheap but it has its toll. The plane was a brand new A330 with 400 souls inside so be patient. The checkin was probably the slowest I have seen in my life. They have a strict 1 bag 20 kgs policy and they could even charge you extra if your suitcase is a bit big even if its empty so check terms and conditions before buying a ticket.. No IFE on board no drinks or snacks just a breakfast upon arrival. Small seats little leg room but for half the price than anyone else.
  Totally fully flight, Smooth and very friendly check in, clean aircraft  Very pleasant service onboard. Flight left and arrived on time with regular pilot updates. Must mention and thank Mr Metin whom I believe to be the station manger at stansted airport for going out of his way, helping my old Mother  carrying one of our bags down the stairs as the escalator was inoperable even we did not ask for help. 
 Thai Airways did better than this last time. I have asked cabin crew for window seat because the check in staff did mentioned to check with the crew, after I have spoken to one of the lady crew she promised that she will get back to me but nothing was said. Another male cabin crew was supposed to pass my bf the chicken rice, after the food was served my bf waited for a long time until another side of the crew was asking and passed to my bf instead. He did not apologise and ignored at least for any follow up and empathy for passengers. This is no customer service and low quality of cabin crew. 
BKKRGN and return a few days later. Both flights left on time friendly cabin staff snack and hot drink served on a flight of just over 1 hour.
  Cathay cancels the flight from Hong Kong to Brisbane. I had to spend 2 hours on the phone to get another flight to Sydney. I then had to pay for a hotel room as they dont compensate accommodation and pay the extra to rebook my flight to Townsville. All up an extra $600. Never fly Cathay Pacific
 Sydney to Labasa via Nadi. I had connecting Flight to Labasa from Sydney, which meant I had to check out x2 and check in x3. Fiji Airways informed me that my luggage will be transferred and I can pick them up in Labasa when I landed. I had 23kg checkin and 7 kg carryon. However, this did not happen as I was told that I had to check my luggage out each time and check them in making it impossible to buy some water or even go to the toilet at the airports considering I had to check in at 415 am. I was due to return on the 31st of March but due to COVID we had to change to earlier date flight which was then 22nd March. The airline demanded that we pay quite a bit extra to have the flight secured. Lucky for me that my husband checked my flight back time on line and saw that it was cancelled. We did not receive any email or phone call from Fiji Airways for cancelling our flight. When my husband rang customer service at Fiji Airlines he was told that my flight had been rebooked for same day but at 1030 am from Nadi to Sydney. How stupid can anyone be when my flight was from Labasa lending at Nadi at 130 pm and I had to catch a flight to Sydney at 1030 am with the same airline company. When my husband pointed that out then my flight was changed to Virgin at 1800hrs. Not only Fiji Airways caused all this problem and hassle but also booked me on a cheaper Virgin flight back to Sydney with horrible, salty and tasteless food with no bread and dessert at least I could have eaten that but also kept the difference of the price. I am ashamed to say that I was once proud of this airline where I am originally from.
  Nothing but issues from my flight to Hawaii and my flights home from Hawaii. Constant delays and cancelation. I am traveling with 2 children, they Have done nothing to help me. Stood in line at 12am to be booked a room because of my flight being canceled. Then the booked me on a late flight but only gave me a room for basically 9 hrs and refused to help me by phone extend my stay. So I am stuck with no car no clothes in a city I dont know with 2 kids and now have to go hang out at the airport all day.
  All went perfectly until transfer at Cairo. Connecting flight left us behind because Egyptair was an hour late leaving Heathrow. From therein it was total chaos and arrived Entebbe 8 hours late after hellish experience not made any easier by the unhelpful Egyptair attitude to customer service. They literally do not care at ALL whether they fail and let down their customers.
  I wanted to travel from Islamabad to Madina for Umrah with my family. Obviously they offer cheaper option so I googled it to find out whether they accept umrah passengers? The response to qurry was in affirmative so I booked from the website using credit card. Nowhere during the process I was alerted or warned about anything. As I reached the airport before departure, I was told at check in counter that I was not permitted to travel on Umra visa through flynas. I returned home to process modification or refund. The website does not offer any option to launch complaint or cancel the booking. I contacted customer servive at Saudi Arabia where I was told that Flynas does not offer refund as per policy however, they will offer me credit for subsequent travel on flynas for which I should call next morning. I called customer service centre again next morning. I was told since I had booked on website in light category so airline does not offer any change or cancellation and my money of almost $1100 stands wasted. I was also told that cancellation is offered only to the passengers travelling by business and first class. It is shocking that people travelling by economy light or premium class are otherwise underpreviliged and even they are made to suffer by skimming their money. So an extremely miserable and tortourous experience with the airline. It does not warn u before booking your journey. Lures you with cheaper offers and subsequently grabs your money. Completely shocked once customer service centre told me that we have grabbed your money and have no way out for you. Never choose this flight.
  Belgrade to New York. Had a return flight August 13 with my son from Belgrade to New York JFK. Upon arriving at JFK we waited what felt like forever for our luggage, unfortunately for me two of our luggage did not arrive, we filed a claim at JFK, I have yet to hear from anyone either from JFK or Air Serbia its 2 12 weeks later and I have no luggage nor have I heard back from anyone. I have sent hundreds and hundreds of emails to Air Serbia Ive called the hundreds and hundreds of times however you cannot get a hold of anyone even if you wait an hour it automatically hangs up. Re Air Serbia I find the airline extremely unprofessional, unorganized and clearly understaffed, because I cant get a hold of anyone via email via phone any which way.
  Bucharest to Paris. Blue Air is a low cost company which has very bad services online checkin, boarding, baggage attendants, flight attendants, etc. I do  not recommend this company and I will never use again.
  This airline turned out to be, for me, the most dishonest, rip off airline I have flown with over the past 40 years of extensive travelling. In essence, if you cant be bothered with the smallprints, you may find yourself completely ripped off. I booked returns from London to Ahmedabad via Mumbai, return. Flight out ok but basic with regards to service etc. However, I had to go through picking up luggage at Mumbai, picking up luggage and clearing customs count a couple of hours before reissuing national boarding pass for follow on national flight to Ahmedabad doesnt work like most transfer flight arrangements, do it yourself is the motto. So far, so medium good. Now to the rip off part of the story. I wanted to change my return flight from Ahmedabad to London via Mumbai to directly flying out from Mumbai as I was Pune three days before departure. So called them to let them know as requested by terms and conditions that I was cancelling the Ahmedabad to Mumbai leg of journey and the operator said all was fine and should check in at Mumbai directly. This seemed confirmed by email, inviting me to check in at Mumbai and not Ahmedabad. At check in at Mumbai I was confronted with a £300 penalty fare for noshow at Ahmedabad. They maintained that if I wanted to get my flight back none of this was mentioned on phone or email I had to pay the penalty fare for the entire journey. So basically it was pay up or stay in Mumbai. Funnily, after being forced to pay the penalty fare, a stranded tourist asked for a quote on same flight and was offered a price of £190! So buying a new ticket was much cheaper than the penalty fare I just paid not that the Jet Airways staff offered this alternative solution to me at the time, great customer care!. Since, I provided them with all requested information to reclaim my extra not justified costs. So far only got a nearly English incomprehensible drivel quite comical from customer relations with no detailed explanations.
 Delhi to Varanasi. Customer service is pathetic. I have a ticket raised nearly a month ago regarding refund of extra luggage. This has not been replied by the customer relations people. The flight was cancelled at least a week before the flight date. At the time of booking the ticket from Delhi to Varanasi, I had booked extra luggage as I was travelling from overseas. For this refund I had raised a request. I sent several emails to the Indian customer relations people and having failed to get a reply I forwarded the email to the Sydney office. I did get a reply from Sydney office who threw their hands in air, informing me that I need to follow up with the office in India  the headquarters  probably equally frustrated as I am. Due to all this saga, they lost the business to Air India  the same Airline that they have acquired. I hope they can provide the same service as Air India if not better  and I doubt it. I have used their service once and my review for other items is based on that.
After a 3 day delay my replacement flight was still late departing and arriving. In flight meal was a sandwich cheese and salami, no options, a small alcoholic drink and good range of juices and teacoffee. Seating was cramped  made worse than Ryanair as seats recline, it then depends on how considerate passengers are in front of you.
Leeds to Dalaman. 23.5 hr delay going out. No safety instructions when boarded plane  this could be because they knew we werent really gong to depart. No word from pilot before during or after the flight. Plane dirty no pillow or blanket. Staff only around during inflight sales. Prices extortionate so didnt buy anything to eat or drink. 1 hr delay when coming back. Knew what to expect so had brought own food and drink. No apology or explanation for either delays.
  Mellisa from American Airlines is the one who saved a summer vacation for her diligent and quick efforts to save our flight which was cancelled at the last minute. Shes the hero to 3 kids who will have a blast and will experience memories that will last a lifetime. Thats sometimes all it takes. Doing the part that were meant to do and doing it with heart. She was on the check in counter 7202023 at 6am.
 Sydney to Gold Coast. Please be aware of the sly and sneaky business practices of Jetstar airlines. When you do a price comparison against other airlines, they look like they have the cheapest prices. In reality, they dont. If you want to bring a bag even onboard as carry on, you have to pay in some Virgin and Qantas flights its included. Everything costs extra. And then this The staff were walking around at the boarding gate with a portable scale weighing peoples bags and charging them for each kg extra!! Ive NEVER seen such gouging before. Desperate for money, left a bad taste in everyones mouth. I had 2kg extra and they told me to cough up $65! I will be avoiding Jetstar in the future. I hope you do too.
  Everything seemed totally fine when booking two return flight tickets from Vancouver South to Tofino for our 3night stay tickets worth 698 CAD. Then it all went wrong, KD Air called two days before scheduled departure flight 214 20180730, telling me that the flight to Tofino is cancelled due to unscheduled maintenance. I had to book the flight with other airline for double the cost. KD Air assured me that the flight from Tofino to Vancouver South will still happen. After the first night in Tofino, KD Air called me again and told me that the flight 215 20180802 back to Vancouver is cancelled due to unscheduled maintenance. Again, I had to book the trip back with another airline for double the cost! As I dont live in Canada, KD Airs customer service assured me that I will get back money back! It has been 5 months and counting since July 2018, I still dont have my money and KD Air decided to stop responding to my emails.
Bought 2 tickets. One person couldnt make it so I changed the name of the passenger for £190. The second passenger couldnt make it for the same ticket so the ticket was cancelled. PLAY kept the ticket fare for the cancelled ticket however refused to refund the name change fee for a ticket nobody used. When complained they stated this is their terms and conditions, refused to give rationale for their costs and the person dealing with it was passive aggressive and sarcastic. When you insure your tickets read the small print, there arent many circumstances when youll get your money back.
 First off Ill start by saying Spirit Airlines is the first airline to ever give me problems, they are understaffed so the line was out of the door and at a stand still for at least an hour then they board my checked luggage on the plane but doesnt let me board when I missed boarding due to their error with the staff not moving fast enough. Almost 40 people in the Las Vegas airport missed their flights this morning and its crazy because they held us liable even though they have 23 people at the check in stations to service over 75100 people that were in line. I will never FLY fly Spirit again.
  We have had nothing but a delightful experience, despite a missed connection in Warsaw. In flight, staff were professional and friendly. Food was good to very good and excellent beverage selection. Terrific coffee. The cabin was very comfortable. Our flight attendants knew we missed our connection and went out of their way to make sure we knew where to go once we got off the plane. The transfer desk staff were overwhelmed when we arrived so we went to the business lounge. The attendant there confirmed that we had been rerouted to Istanbul then to Tbilisi. We asked if we could instead spend the night in Warsaw and fly direct to Tbilisi the next day. We were surprised to be accommodated especially as we were given a voucher for a great hotel and meal vouchers there. We would happily have paid our own way. We then asked if it was possible to retrieve our checked luggage and were directed to LOTs office in the baggage area. Staff there also proved to be helpful and pleasant. While I expected to wait an hour for our luggage to be retrieved, we were out in 10 minutes with our bags. I should add that you might not want to believe everything you read about Warsaw Chopin either. From security to passport control to random employees from whom we asked for directions, we were met with kindness and professionalism. I would definitely fly LOT again.
 Kazan to Lisbon via Moscow. The flight departed a bit late, but the passengers were kept informed. The first leg went just fine, with a snack for a 90 min flight. Departing from Moscow, the gate was changed some three times, terminal included. And that us not nice. Also, the flight was late, despite people being informed and the profuse apologies onboard. The service went well  more smiling needed!  as staff were attentive a mother asked for help to put the socks on her baby and the attendant promptly did so. The food was not so good on the flight to Lisbon, but there were two options on Economy.
  My wife and I booked round trip flights to Majahanga from Tana with Air Madagascar on January 21st. Last Saturday due to the continued stringent travel restrictions in place in South Africa and Madagascar and the uncertainty the idea of well any kind of travel really during a global pandemic we sadly were forced to cancel our honeymoon. We informed the airline of our decision in writing and four days later i.e. yesterday we received an email from a Gmail account no less offering a single penaltyfree flight change valid til January 2021 despite our expressly requesting for a refund. Which airline in this day and age doesnt have their own email domain? Real professional outfit. We let it be known immediately in a subsequent email that we didnt appreciate notsosubtly being coerced to accept a solution to a problem not of our making that benefits them at our expense. We are still awaiting a response. As others have pointed out flights with this airline are a lottery. I wish wed known this beforehand so we couldve saved ourselves the headache. Wed give them a zero rating if we could. They really are that bad.
Had a scheduled flight from Algiers to Annaba at 10.30 and a return flight at 17.30hrs. Algiers to Annaba 4 hour delay no explanation no assistance was supplied. Annaba to Algires 2.30 hours delay no explanation no assistance was supplied. Old and dirty planes FAs neither friendly or helpful. Ground staff very unfriendly did not speak English either.
 SQ Silver Kris Lounge in Changi T3 was as good as normal, with excellent food choices and good seating. The flight itself was uneventful, despite a slight delay on departure. The flight was quite bumpy for sometime over Japan, which was expected and announced by the captain. Though this had nothing to do with the airline, I realized that American carriers tend to change route and altitude when encountering turbulence, while Asian carriers seem just to go through that, and I experienced that quite consistently. I ordered my meals through bookthecook, and the Boon Tong Kee chicken rice was underwhelming, while the lobster thermidor was nice. Service was excellent as expected. Wifi was complementary for J passengers, and it worked quite well.
This is not my first review on Tunis Air but since the closure of the LondonTunis flight on BA this is the only scheduled direct service from the UK right now. Departed on the TU790 on the 06th April. The flight was over 2 hours late arriving into London on the inbound so did not depart until some time after the STD. Outbound aircraft TSIMH was very old 1994 and extremely dirty inside. The cabin crew were not very happy and showed this in the service or lack of during the flight. Meals were simply a piece of bread with cheese and chicken and 1 service of drinks. The most memorable part of the flight was going to the rear cabin once the food and drinks service was concluded. The cabin crew 6 members were having a wonderful time socialising with no regard or interest in the passengers. The return flight that I took on the 13th April as the return leg TU791 was operated by a much newer 2013 aeroplane TSIMV. However again clearly Tunis Air have either a very poor outsourced company which do the aircraft cleaning in Tunis Airport or they simply do not clean their planes in order to save costs? At least 1 cabin crew member was on board who operated the flight a week earlier. Unfortunately again the service was a complete repeat of the earlier flight. Tunis Air are under increasing pressure I am informed to perform as an airline who frankly have not for some time. However if this is an indication of the measures they are taking to improve the service then I do not hold much hope for the airline going forward and once EZY start their service from STNMIR in June I will be switching my business to them.
  While travelling with Flydubai anything that can go wrong will go wrong. I have booked with my family a tour from 15 to 23 June this year on Maldives, flight from Minsk to Male connection in Dubai. The flight from Minsk to Dubai was delayed repeatedly, we stayed at the airport for a whole night, and then it was cancelled. We have spent a day in a hotel near airport. Next flight has been scheduled for the next night but it was delayed for an hour. Because of this, we did not get to the connection flight when we passed the passport control it was already last call. Our flight was rebooked for the next night, we spent another day in a hotel in Dubai. My son felt bad after two sleepless night and me with my wife felt exhausted. The last flight Dubai  Male was also delayed but it is not the worst. They lost our baggage. Btw, before that flight I have asked if the baggage is on the same plane and the staff representative confirmed. Therefore, we have lost almost 3 days of holidays and Flydubai refused to compensate neither lost days at the resort nor compensation of moral harm. I assume based on the feedback and the comments it is a common practice for Flydubai to act like that. Never recommend this company to anyone.
  Southampton to Guernsey. Really disappointing now that they are incorporated to Flybe. Previously flew this route often with Blue Islands, always good service and on time. Now, impossible to book with free baggage, prices increased, less staff at Southampton and bundled in with other rest of Flybe flights so long check in queues. I understand that airlines need to adapt and move with the times, but why Blue Islands have had to drop to Flybe standards I dont know. Onboard service ok, but expensive poor selection food and drink. Would rather have the old lounges and tiny planes back! Would recommend flying Aurigny from London or Bristol instead!
 I flew from Vancouver to Manila on Sept 7th, PR117. The monitor in seat 68B would randomly shut off and the headphone jack was broken, this is very disappointing especially on a long flight I had the same problem years ago on their plane too, why cant they fix this?! When returning on September 25th PR116 my selected seat was changed, I was told there was nothing they could do why cant I have the window seat I originally booked or similar? The airport in Manila makes no sense, why do I have to pass by 3 metal detectors and show my boarding pass 4 times this is so redundant. Additionally, when getting my luggage in Vancouver I waited for nearly an hour without seeing my luggage at the carrousel  apparently, they took off about 30 pieces of luggage and stacked it beside the carousel, why?
  Sitting in sweltering heat with mechanics working in the cockpit. The most uncomfortable Ive been on a plane. The booking process sucked via gotogate, price jumped after I clicked on it, no email confirmation. I was jetlagged and entered the wrong email the one time they didnt ask to confirm. Sorted out by a 30 minute phone call with a helpful agent. Boarding etc was painless although very hot on the plane. Headed to the runway but then told by the pilot there were technical problems. Lets see where this leads. Everyone on the plane is sweating.15 minutes and counting. Lets see what happens next
I will never fly Air Botswana again. Warning to anyone who is considering flying with them if you expect even mediocre customer service do yourself a favor and stay away. We were supposed to fly from Maun with Air Botswana to land in Johannesburg landing at 4 pm with a full four hours to spare before our long haul flight back to the US via Delta. When we arrived at the Maun airport chaos had ensued. What appeared to be a huge tour group had the spotlight and despite reaching the front of the line to check in we were completely ignored as the attendants told us they needed to tend to others first. Service was exorbitantly slow as there were only 2 attendants who were hand writing boarding passes. After an hour of waiting we were told the flight was oversold and we would not be getting on. Were convinced that although we had booked our flights 6 months earlier we were bumped along with about 20 others from the flight in favor of the tour group. You can imagine the hysteria as the majority of the 20 had connecting flights in Johannesburg. The attendants assured us that we would get on another plane that was routed to Cape Town but would first stop in Johannesburg to drop us off by 6 pm. We found this odd but at that point had no other choice. It was only after we boarded the plane that we discovered we were instead going to Gaborone and from there another plane would take us to Johannesburg immediately. When we reached Gaborone the Air Botswana rep was extremely confused why we had arrived and told us we had been lied to and would have to wait another 1.5 hours to take off. Not surprisingly the flight was further delayed so we finally arrived in Joburg at 8.30 minutes after our second leg to Atlanta took off. We were extremely upset but told wed be waitlisted for the next Delta flight out  which unfortunately was not for a full 24 hours. The real kicker? We were told you owe us $650 USD. Still cant quite comprehend how they had the gall to say this to our faces but at this point nothing surprised us. No reps from either Air Botswana or Delta were available to give us a definitive answer on whether wed be guaranteed to be on the flight so off we went to a local hotel in hopes of returning the next day to get everything straightened out. The people who work for this airline not only have the poorest customer service skills I have ever witnessed. When we arrived on day 2 to try to check in to Delta we were told we only had a 5050 shot of getting on the plane. There is one flight per day and subsequent flights were all booked solid. We were beginning to think this nightmare might continue on for days and days. Surely there had to be a carrier going to any city in the US that could accommodate us. There was. Two in fact. However Air Botswana would need to book it for us  and they flat out refused. We were only able to get on the Delta flight thanks to their management the Air Botswana rep was never to be heard from again. I could not be more appalled at the way Air Botswana operates.
  The most awful experience. The flight supposed to be at 12.05 but they rescheduled it for 14.15 We arrived to the airport at 11.20 fall in queue for another 25 minutes and how surprised we were when an operator said check in is over only one operator was working out of 7. One operator said check in was closed at 1140. Another one said at 1100  means 3 hours before flight? So they delayed flight for two hours and this information you can see online but you must come 4 hours before flight? Doesnt make any sense. Conclusion avoid this airline. Save your time and money.
SINXMN return. Basically a domestic airlines. Food quality very basic poor inflight entertainment. Worst of all no smiles on the faces of the cabin crew. Not up to standard for international flight.
  I chose Peruvian as the main way to travel in South America, we booked 3 flights Lima to Arequipa,  Cusco to La Paz,  La Paz to Lima. all 3 flights got canceled and for 2 of them, there isnt any alternative flights to replace. The worst thing is they didnt inform the cancellation of the first flight at all and they inform the second and third ones less than 12h. We had no choice to change our travel plan and even had to book another flight back to Lima to catch the flight back to LA. We went to the office trying to get the refund and compensation but all the information we got is to send a mail to get the refund including their original cancellation mails. On their term and condition, they will proceed the refund within 20 days but my first mail was out more than 20 days, I still got nothing. Two of my friends got an autoreply mail asking them to submit the refund with a URL but that URL doesnt work with any browsers. No one answer the customer service call. It just make people feel they are trying ignore all the refund requests. The reason why they couldnt do the second and third flight is because they had an incident while landing in La Paz but the incident happened on 1122 and our flights are on 1125 and 1129. they dont event try to let the passengers aware the situation to make any changes. This is definitely the worst airline Ive taken. I lost my original trip plan, booked transportation, hotel and spend more because of them but they dont event try to comfort us.
 Thank you Qatar Airways Due to the nature of employment, I fly on regularly with long distance flights since 2000. During 2020 with the COVID outbreak, my then carrier of choice stopped flights to and from Johannesburg, South Africa. Qatar Airways was the first airline that resumed flights from South Africa and by times the flights were less than 10 full, but Qatar kept on flying and that bought my loyalty. In addition to the above, why do I continue with Qatar Airways? Flights always on time very important for me! ground and flight personnel professional and friendly, Doha transit very quick and efficient even with numerous flights disembarking, providing socks, eye masks and toothpaste kits for even Economy class, food and drinks served of good quality, and lastly  flight schedules work out perfect for me.
  Easily one of the worst airlines I have traveled with. First, the connecting flight did not wait for us even if the origin flight arrived at Dublin on time. Ticket purchased at Aer Lingus, so they have the responsibility to await other connecting passengers as all other major airlines do. Second, and surprisingly the most irritating they never answer the phone of respond to emails. I waited for close to an hour on the phone and 112 hours waiting for an agent on Chat.
  Paphos to Gatwick. Worst flight I have  been on. Booked British Airways hoping for an adequate service and was subsequently informed that Titan would be fronting the flight. Starting with a two hour delay for boarding, huge queues for the check in also delayed and sitting on the tarmac for another 50 minutes in 30 degree heat. The worst aspect of the entire flight was the seat configuration  I have never been on a more cramped flight including Easyjet and Ryanair. Equally, the plane was old, there barely any storage space in the seat pockets and the seats were uncomfortable. Genuinely would never fly with this airline again.
  I recently took a trip to Srinagar and on my way back lost my phone at the airport just a while before the boarding. I panicked to find my phone everywhere which was noted by one of the Vistara airport staff named tabasshum who without any questions helped us look for our phone. Another of the airport staff member Suhaib also helped us a lot to find our phone. Both of these members helped us incredibly and sent us our phone back to Mumbai within 24hrs. They were constantly in touch with us till we got our phone and helped us with all the formalities procedures to get the phone. We are very grateful to to both Vistara airlines and specially grateful to these to staff members Suhaib and Tabasshum from Srinagar airport. We really appreciate these kind efforts. And wish to fly again with vistara airlines.
  I will never fly with Avelo ever again. On our way out of Kalamazoo I repeatedly received texts saying our flight was delayed further, and further. Finally made it to the airport only to have it delayed yet again. By the time we boarded the plane we were delayed at least 4 hours. Once on the plane, we were told the plane was overweight and they would be removing 13 passengers checked bags from the flight. Of course our name was one of them. Everything I needed for our trip was in the checked bag. Our only 2 options were to stay with the bag and miss our trip, the next flight they could get us on was Friday, this happened on a Monday or fly without our bag and they would either A. Send it on Friday with the next plane or B. Overnight it. Unfortunately it is now midnight and they have no answers for us on anything because theyre customer service reps are unavailable until 8 or 9 in the morning. So we made the choice, we left our baggage behind and continue on our way. HOWEVER, at this point, another hour sitting on the plane waiting, the pilots are about to timeout. They quickly push back to get into the air, but need to deice first. Fine, whatever. We go to take off, the pilot aborts the first takeoff attempt and we sit and wait yet again for him to figure out his problem. We FINALLY take off on the second attempt, and it is 6 hours from when were originally supposed to take off. As for the lost baggage, we finally received our baggage that they left behind on Monday, Saturday. We reached out to customer service every day with Ridiculous hold times, told us they would call us back numerous times, but NEVER did. Finally we received an email with a lost baggage checklist, then they shipped it. Now as for on the way home. Everything went smoother this time, but we still were an hour and a half delayed. Overall terrible experience. Terrible customer service. I dont care about the price, pay more money for another airline and get a seamless experience.
 Worst experience ever! First, our flight was delayed for about 1h. Then they boarded us and we took off. But after about 1h of a shaky flight, the pilot announced that there was a technical problem and that we had to return to Paris. So after about 2.5h in the air, we were back where we started, but happy to have made it back in one piece. A lot of chaos back at Orly in Paris, took another 6 hours before they found hotels for some of us, most were told they should look for their own accommodation. About 10 unmotivated staff speaking no or poor English trying to manage some 400 agitated passengers. Worse, we had no clue what would happen with our flight to LAX, though they promised another attempt the next day. Sure enough, at 6.28am they sent out a text message and email saying there would be another flight at 10.30am. Short notice, esp given that nobody said it would be that early. Another problem, many passengers were shuttled after 2h wait for the shuttle to their hotel rooms at CDG airport, which is 1.5h away from Orly !. It is now 10am and we just got informed that our flight would be delayed. Dejavu! Hope we make it back in one piece, one can feel anguish, perhaps fear among the passengers. This operator seems technically unreliable and has unprofessional staff. French Bee wont see me again, to say the least.
  Nothing to complain about really, normal seats, OK food, good service, extra beer and wine for just a few $, orders go via inflight wifi and delivered straight to your seat. Free internet too but speeds are very slow. Overall, with the farebag fee seat fee food fee and extras it was still a few 100$ cheaper than flying with a major airline.
  Worst flight experience. Travelled with two small children and two car seats. When flight was booked it stated one carryon and one personal item per passenger. We took 2 carry on bags and strapped the car seats to each for more convenient transport since we had two small children in tow. When we went to get boarding passes, they told us we had to check our carryons. I told them it was our mode of transport for the car seats and they said it was policy on small full flights that all carryons be checked unless flying business class. I said can we just check at the gate if there is truly no space. Again told no. I said it would have been nice to have been told this information sooner than the day of the flight o we could have arranged for a different mode of transport for the car seats or packages them properly to check them. The first gate wasnt too far but to get to the connecting flight it was far. We had to carry these bulky awkward car seats with no good surfaces to hold the entire trip. When we boarded the first flight and the flight attendants were closing the overhead storage compartments, they closed several empty compartments, yet we had to check our bags. Upon arrival to our destination we found that they had now lost our carry on luggage that they forced us to check in the first place. Reported that it was not there and they told us it was in our layover city and they would get it in next possible flight and deliver that evening or next day. Second day of no luggage and we are going to have to buy more diapers and toothbrushes and hairbrush and at least a change of clothes for our children. They cannot even tell us where the luggage is when we call. They are marked and scanned throughout the process so how is that not registering in the system when they enter in the id number for the tagged bags. This is not the first time we have lost luggage on a flight, but it is the first time we have not been able to get information regarding the process of retrieval. There is no good contact number to just call and file a complaint. It was an email process. This airline is in no way accommodating to family travel aside from somewhat early boarding. They give conflicting information when you do talk to a company representative, and offer no real answer as to how they are working to resolve your issue. They offer zero compensation for the major inconvenience.
  The staff is the most unhelpful, irresponsible and slow. First of all my flight to Istanbul got delayed 3 times. Then on May 1 I wanted to fly back home, arrived 3 hours early and this flight got delayed as well, gates have been changed a few times. In the end I arrived at the gate 15 minutes early and there was no staff anymore so I could not board the plane, same thing happened to 2 other people with different destinations, we were in the line together. I went to 4 Pegasus informationhelp centers in the airport, every single one was not willing to pay my next flight and blamed me for not arriving even earlier. The announcement when they say last call started a few minutes after I was at the gate but there was still no one. I ended up with the supervisor and they were rude very direct not even willing to hear properly. 
  Employees were nice but this flight was a nightmare. 3 hours stuck on tarmac in Birmingham 2 of them waiting for fuel. Layover in Atlanta was worse. Unprofessional 100 didnt have water or food . Dont think Ill fly Delta again. Just sloppy all around.
 I was very sceptical about flying Viva due to the low rating online. However I was pleasantly surprised the plane was very comfortable, The crew was nice and friendly, The flights were on time and I had Zero Issues. I would definitely fly Viva again.
 DO NOT book this airline. I booked tickets from Narita to Taipei. I flew into Narita from the US. The Narita airport employees instructed us to go through the transfer gates for our connecting flight upon checking my Tigerair booking confirmation. We showed up at the gate an hour and a half before boarding. The Tigerair employee refused to print out our tickets and let us board. He said that we had to go through customs and checkin at the counter outside the airport. This was not stated anywhere on our tickets. And we tried to checkin online through the link provided by Tigerair but it says online checkin service was down. The Tigerair manager working there said the online checkin was unavailable due to COVID. We had to book a different airline and Tigerair refused to give us our tickets or money back.
  Guayaguil to San Cristobal. Booking TAME flights is the worst scam ever. When you book flights there is no information about a extra fee for nonEcuadorian citizens which they charge in the checkin. This is happening everyday but still they act like its a surprise in the airport. We had to pay 300 us dollars extra per person to get in to the flight.
 Ive flown AA twice in 2023 and each time they have delayed my flight. There is always a connecting flight from Houston to Dallas so my connecting flight is always missed due to delay in Houston. Today, June 15, 2023, I had scheduled a 800am flight connecting to DFW which was delayed to 1000am. I was notified at 357 am of delay by text. When I get to airport the representative tells me the 800am left on time. She is not sure why they changed my flight to 1000am. I do  they bumped me off my flight. So my connecting flight in DFW will be missed because I arrive at 1140am and my connecting flight leaves at 1047 am. The DFW flight I paid for a seat which means nothing to AA. Now Im on standby in Dallas waiting to see if I get on a 500pm or 900pm flight. AA so conveniently change your flight regardless of the fact you PAID for your flight and seat! In 2022, I was bumped off a flight 5 times in one day. AA doesnt care.
I flew back from Wien to Paris. On the way from Paris I was quite satisfied with the service. Unfortunately on the return we ended up with 4.5 hrs delay and the way Niki treated us was awful. They first announced 30 mins delay but every 30 mins they added another 30 mins. Staff were unable to answer any questions. We were parked into a small waiting room before they finally let us out because delay was too long. They finally asked us to pay for food and drinks and that we would be paid back  which to now has not happened yet. Finally we arrived in Paris 0hr 30  no more trains we had to take a taxi. Overall it costs me and my girlfriend an additional 100€ to arrive tired in Paris.
  Domestic flight from Vientiane to Savannakhet via Pakse with Lao Airlines on the ATR72500. Flight was on time and the aircraft was clean. Flight attendant was really friendly and helpful. Hot beverage was served on the Vientiane to Savannakhet leg. Locally produced fruit chips was served as well. Overall, a good experience with Lao Airlines.
  My wife and I arrived at the airport 90 minutes in advance, and the flight was delayed 30 minutes, so we ended up 2 hours early. The lines for baggage dropoff were out the door. We used a JetBlue kiosk to purchase two bag tags to check two of our bags it charged us for two but only printed out one. We were told by a JetBlue employee to go to the kiosk help desk line to address the issue there were two snaking lines of maybe 2030 people each, manned by just two employees, and they were moving at the rate of one customer every 1015 minutes. Were we to wait in that line, we almost certainly were going to miss our flight. So, we elected to use a second kiosk to purchase a bag tag for our second bag in the hopes this one would work it didnt, but it took our money again. So, rather than jump from kiosk to kiosk, paying more and more money in the hope that one would work, which is unreasonable, we were forced to wait in line. By the time we reached the front, the JetBlue employee told us that we were going to miss our flight and that, in addition, the flight was overbooked, so they were going to have to rebook or cancel. She searched for other flights that day, including through JetBlue, its partner American Airlines, and nonpartner airlines the earliest available flight was July 1. It was the morning of June 28, we had just moved out of our apartment and shipped our stuff to LA, and we were scheduled to move into our new LA apartment that same day, so we would have had to pay for food and lodging for the interval period in Bostona hefty pricerather than stay in our new paidfor apartment in LA. We explained this to the JetBlue employee, who said that she would cancel our flight and issue a refund for our tickets and bags. I requested confirmation that this would be to our original payment method she confirmed it would be. There was only one more flight in the entire Boston region that had capacity to take us to LA before July 1 a flight leaving in two hours out of Providence. My wife and I booked the flight, quickly compared taxi and rideshare prices, discovered the difference was negligible, and took an Uber to the airport in Providence, where we successfully boarded the last flight to LA. We later discovered that we had been deceived by the JetBlue employee at the kiosk help desk in Boston she did NOT issue any refund and instead wrote in her notes that my wife and I were late to check in our bags, which was a complete lie and clearly intended to create a fabricated, falsified paper trail to later deny us a refund. We could not check in our bags because JETBLUES kiosks were defective, but that didnt matter to JetBlues customer service representatives. The fact that we were told the flight was overbooked even though it apparently wasnt didnt matter to JetBlues customer service representatives.  We had to fight for hours over the phone to even get our bags refunded were still on the hook for the tickets according to JetBlues policy. 
It just goes from bad to worse with this airline. Check in for flight go to gate and assured flight is on time  shortly before flight is to leave announcement that pilot has not arrived! 10 minutes later with no announcement the flight is cancelled and mayhem ensures  cannot fault the ticketing people who did their best in a bad situation but initially suggested leave date would be 2 days from now.  I have a flight to London tomorrow night after much polite conversation eventually get on a flight tomorrow lunchtime  American is not a great airline to fly with at present! Disappointed.
  Male to Bahrain. The flight is usually very cramped and seats are not comfortable. The main problem we had during our return flight from our honeymoon was that we had been told that we would not be able to sit together as the flight was full upon booking we were assured the seats would be together. Even though we could see that the two rows behind us were completely empty and not in use at all. Once the flight had taken off the air hostesses were continuously hovering over us trying to get to the overhead cabinets above us a problem we would not have had had they seated us a row behind, at which point two big baskets had been dropped by one of the staff, directly hitting my head and my husbands phone.  She did not once check to see during the flight if I was okay and we did not approach anyone else regarding this until leaving the aircraft so that we wouldnt have to deal with any hostility or uncomfortable atmosphere for the rest of the 5 hour flight the hostesses on this flight did not come across as very friendly. We are absolutely appalled with our first experience of gulf air.
 If you book a flight with this airline you will not be able to cancel it in case of death of a family member. One of my family members had passed away, and as I tried to cancel my flight get a refund or a voucher, could not reach anyone at the customer service. I checked their web page  I couldnt cancel my flight there. I tried calling all of their phone numbers. Some were busy, the others just referred me to their web page. There is just no way one can cancel a flight booked with this airline. Stay away from this company!
  I wish to thank all the staff they were all very happy and helpful, I have flown with all of the Aussie airlines and Rex you top the cake for me.
  Vienna to Gatwick. I just had a really good experience with Level airline via Vueling. My EasyJet late night flight was cancelled due to problems in Gatwick and they booked us the next day for the same late night flight, where all other companies were booking for first flight. So I purchased an earlier flight via Vueling for Level. Only after did I see the reviews and freaked out! Thankfully, I had the complete opposite experience.! Staff were super polite and helpful, I called customer service who were super efficient, courteous and helped with my queries. Gatwick again cancelled the flights, but Level immediately allocated all passengers to the first flight in the morning. Again, the service was great, flight was seamless and no luggage was lost.
  Ill start by saying I really want to like Copa. The staff is really friendly at airports and on board, and they have a wonderful new terminal at PTY now operational. Unfortunately Copa has a unique ability to fail to think through their processes related to the new terminal and completely ruin the passenger experience as a result. Theyve completely snatched defeat from the jaws of victory, and my experience which Ill relay here is nothing short of Orwellian and bizarre. Having had several subpar experiences at the old terminal T1, I was really looking forward to using the new terminal T2 on this trip PTYMDEPTY. The outbound flight from PTY was a wonderful opportunity to experience it  the terminal is spacious, clean, modern and efficient  everything that the old terminal isnt. Everything worked well from check in to security, passport control and boarding and I was impressed. All Copa flights depart from the new terminal and everything functioned well. I shouldve cautioned my enthusiasm after my departure experience as I had no idea what awaited me on my return. On the MDEPTY return for some odd reason that nobody could explain the Copa arrivals came into the old terminal, which struck me as odd. Why would you build a beautiful new terminal and not use it for all of your flights. Be that as it may, the flight arrived at the old terminal, and I went down to passport control and got through quickly but when I wound up in baggage claim to collect my bag I was astounded to hear that the Copa bags are all delivered to the new terminal. So there I was through passport control and in baggage claim and learned I was in the wrong place. I had to exit baggage claim, make my way to the new terminal via a severely under airconditioned bus or walk in 30 degree heat and rain. I finally got to T2 but because the baggage claim area is secure, it was not possible to freely enter to collect my bag. Airport personnel insisted I solicit help from Copa to get me inside to get my bag. I spoke with about 6 different Copa employees and spent approximately 30 minutes gaining access. The Copa employees were helpful but not terribly sympathetic. They told me it was totally my fault blame the customer that I didnt know the bags were to be delivered and collected at T2 despite a T1 arrival. In my defense I heard no announcement on board, was sent no notification via email or text, was told nothing about this when I checked in for the flight, was given no piece of paper that explained this in Spanish or English, there were no Copa employees who met the plane at the old terminal to advise us to stay airside to go to T2 to collect our bags, and nobody in passport control or baggage claim to explain, no screens advising. In short there was no communication on behalf of the airline to assist passengers. Logically any passenger who arrives in one terminal would expect their bag to arrive in the same terminal. This logic was completely lost on all airport and airline personnel as I tried to collect my bag. I simply cannot understand nor accept that the airline and airport are not at fault by choosing to build a new terminal then not use it, force passengers to walk 1 km in the heat to collect their bags at another terminal and then implementing a a scheme that provides zero information about this to passengers at any stage in the process. Its absolutely shameful and disgraceful in every possible way.
  I am traveling with 12 people and we have already reserved our seat. We planned out who is sitting where on the plane because we have 3 little kids with us and we wanted to make sure they are comfortable on the 6 hours flight. When did check again for our seat an hour before going to the airport and everything was the same. But, when we got to the airport during our luggage checkin, they told use that our seats have been changed. Our group of 12 people were scattered around the airplane. It was so difficult for my 3 and 5 year old to seat during the flight because we did not get the window seat that we reserved. We did ask people to switch but they did not want to switch. This is so horrible. Did not like how they switched up on us at the last minute.
  You may be asking yourself why are Avelo flights so cheap? It is because they do not actually get you anywhere. At least I am convinced of this so far in my experience as I am writing this in the airport after my third delay from Avelo. Reasoning? No staff. And before anyone begins arguing about staffing, I realize there are shortages nationwide but honestly, thats cant be an excuse anymore. I work every day with fewer employees than I have had in the past, however, I do not overbook services to the extent that I find myself unable to provide realistic goals for my customers. Get it together Avelo. If you do not have staff, do not continue to book flights! Needless to say, I will never fly Avelo again.
  Nur Sultan to Frankfurt. In every sense a 4 Star experience. As a frequent traveller it was my first 4 flights from FRA to ALA via TSE and back and I was impressed. An excellent product with attention to detail. The presentation and quality of the inflight catering in my opinion is slightly above a 4 star carrier. Great airline,great product.
Rex has ditched its MELCBR run and has given notice that it will soon do likewise with the SYDCBR service too if Govt business doesnt increase. The problem is unfortunately one of status and prestige. Exec Govt business fliers do not like small turboprop aircraft being bussed to the terminal from the aircraft having to declare to their colleagues in Qantas Club that they are flying Rex etc. etc. They like to be waited on hand and foot and have Business Classsize seats waiting for them at the end of a sealed corridor. Its a statusprestige thing thats all. If Rex could afford to operate midsize business jets on these premium services they would get more Govt business. Since this is not a viable option for them it must focus on regional services and forget the major trunk routes I fear to remain solvent.
  Aircraft appeared to be very new. On time boarding through jet bridge but take off delayed by over 30 minutes because of technical faults. Cockpit crew kept passengers informed. Business class cabin consists of 8 seats in 2 rows of 2 x2 configuration. Standard business class seat with good recline and extended foot rest. iPad provided which had a smaller collection of items than on offer at Cathay Pacific. An amenities kit similar to Cathay Pacific was provided. Smooth flight. Quiet cabin. Only five of 8 seats taken. Attentive flight attendant. Announcements made in Bangla in deference to the destination and the flying clientele  nice thoughtful touch that truly made you feel you were going home! A menu card listing three entree choices was provided. It was a tasty meal accompanied by a choice of wines. The dishes had a noticeable Indian slant. I enjoyed my vegetarian choice. The dessert was a small tub of Haagen Daaz ice cream  something that has not changed in six years. The ice cream is usually rock solid flight attendant cheerfully thawed it on request! It was a quiet, flight late late at night. Duty free shopping is available and I was able to get a few items I wanted. Landing cards were provided. The lavatory was clean throughout. Being in the forward cabin, we were the first to disembark. Although 30 minutes late because of delayed departure, I give this flying experience very high marks.
  Denpasar to Sorong via Makassar. Horrible service!! The flight to Sorong was delayed by one hour in the beginning. At the time of boarding it was told that the flight was further delayed by another 5 hours! This is ridiculous. No information was given to customers before arrival at the boarding gate, to plan accordingly. Moreover due to this, my connecting transportation got missed and the airline did not agree to compensate for that.
Have flown Kam Air and Ariana Airlines for years and notice very little difference between the two in regard to their poor customer service tendency to cancel or delay flights without notifying customers leaving hours earlier than scheduled or making unexpected stops in random destinations like Tehran on a flight from Kabul to Istanbul recently. Most recently was kept waiting in terminal at Kabul for 9.5 hours to finally leave for Istanbul only to then make a stop in Tehran that was unexpected even for the Iranian officials that boarded the plane on the tarmac asking the flight crew why they had stopped there. The flight attendants give very little customer service particularly to those in business class unless you are paying for just the extra space dont bother wasting the money and usually spend most of their time applying makeup or talking to one another while they make each other drinks but neglect their customers who are watching. Have had office staff give incorrect flight schedules to me resulting in extra days of layovers in various locations and when I complained about this to management we were openly laughed at by counter representative. It is this type of poor customer service that I had grown accustomed to from Ariana and never cared for but had hoped for much more from a nongovernment owned airline but I have been disappointed time and time again with Kam Airs lack of regard for its customers.
  I am flying with Go first for first time. Go First with above flight details is so delayed. People are struggling to get updated flight time. Still no confirmation about rescheduled time. This is my worst experience with any flight. They ruined night and day . Worth nightmare. Will never come again with this flight. We have other connecting flight , who will bear the charges. We need answer about rescheduled flight time
  Superb as always. We fly Ethiopian Airlines London to Addis at least twice a year. Would not dream of using another airline. Great planes, great staff. Flying time now not much over 7 hrs on A350.
 We flew Brisbane to London Gatwick via Taipei and return with China Airlines. We werent delayed on any of the flights there or back. Blankets, pillows were waiting for us when we boarded. On the longer legs Taipei  Gatwick  Gatwick  Taipei amenity kits were provided we were in economy! so that was a nice little extra. The seats were not comfortable at all which is a shame and the food was a little disappointing. The cabin service was alright. Would recommend for the price. They were the cheapest tickets at the time of booking.
  Amsterdam to New York. I flew Hi Fly on a Norwegian flight. An older jet, the interior was outdated a bit. The overhead reading lights could only be turned on from the crew. One of the bathroom sinks wasnt working. There were only about 6 movies and 2 tv shows to be entertained from, but if you are flying 8 hours, you should know to bring some sort of entertainment with you. Seats were cloth, not leather if that matters. The crew more than made up for any shortcomings. I felt like they had a full crew of well trained and professional staff. But they were pleasant, smiled, and made sure our drinks were taken care of since we also bought meals. They were likely one of the best crews that I have ever flown with. I fly about 30 times per year. All in all, sure it wasnt a Boeing 787 but they got us where we were going. 
  One flight with this company was unfortunately the absolute worst experience Ive ever had. This doesnt feel like an isolated experience, every turn within the Sun Country ecosystem is littered with incompetence and inefficiency. At the desk, everyone was clueless that I had a lay over. They lost my luggage. Getting in touch with management was the biggest waste of time. No one on the phone or on premise has the slightest clue of what was going on. They sent me their trash voucher, like I would be stupid enough to put myself through their torture again. 
  I was travelling to Kolkata to Aizwal,  first they delayed flight without any reasons and while returning they cancelled it on 1st March without any reason. Customer support in no where, and staff is no so much cooperative. However other flights like air India and Indigo operated from same place. I would suggest avoid fly with this airline, had a bad experience
Sydney to Noumea Business Class. Fast check in at Sydney Airport they use the Qantas Club which was nice. Boarding delayed for 45minutes due to late arriving aircraft. Business Class roomy and seats comfortable not lie flat but very angled. Crew spoke mainly French and some broken English  but they are a French Airline. Food good service attentive and friendly didnt use the inflight entertainment. Overall not a bad product.
  Horrible flight, first time Ive ever flown transAtlantic when they charged for movies and TV, and choices were slim and bad. They were two hours late on both legs of the flight and lost my luggage. Never had such a bad experience before.
  Sent a friend to Raleigh on the morning flight of June 22. Was scheduled for 7am, didnt depart until after 1pm. Picked up my wife on the evening flight from Raleigh. Was scheduled to arrive by 4pm, it is 10pm and she still isnt here. The plane didnt depart until after 8pm and is taking more than 40 minutes since landing to disembark. As of writing my wife is still held captive by Breeze and unable to leave the plane in Jacksonville. The taxi and gate process takes longer than the flight itself This airline is total garbage. Dont ever fly with these clowns.
  Melbourne to Ho Chi Minh City via Bandar seri Begawan. Royal Brunei Airlines provided comfortable travel experience, the services are excellent and you get a chance to stop over to visit Brunei with friendly people and explore the natural wonders of the island.
I was on JP650 the evening departure to Istanbul on 28th August. It was on a very clean Airbus A319 and it was a light load flight. The crew were warm and kind especially the Purser who took her time walked and talked to several passengers. They even offered me a pillow and blanket which I appreciated. A warm refreshment with selections of coldhot beverage were offered on this 2 hours flight. We took off about 5 minutes earlier and landed more or less 20 minutes earlier. It was a relaxing flight and I do hope they will be flying to more destinations in the future since Slovenia is a beautiful and lovely country to visit.
  I bought a ticket to SVG and for the reason that my son lost his job, he cancelled that, and then rebook when he was told it takes 6 9 month to get back his refund which was less than half. Caribbean Airlines takes 69 months to refund money but he had to pay 250$ to rebook. This is high class robbery.  I will not be using this airline ever again.
BacolodManila return. Flight times changed on both flights from early morning to late afternoon with only a few hours notice. This caused many problems. Plane from Manila delayed again. Plane itself was ok but given the delays we do not have confidence in this outfit. With three other airlines serving this route we wont be flying with Zest again.
  I took an ITA flight from Madrid to Tirana via Rome. I am, writing this to report the most unprofessional occurrence regarding the delayed or rather, nondelivery arrival of my luggage which was checked in at the Madrid airport on 192022 and upon arrival at the Tirana airport, my luggage, much to my horror and dismay, did not arrive with my flight destination being Tirana. I thus completed an irregularity report. I would point out that we arrived in Tirana in on 192022 with over a threehours delay. The consequences were dreadful.  My return flight to Madrid was on 1892022. When I arrived at the airport in Rome, I had less than 90 minutes until my next flight but I decided to go to ITAs office in spite of the limited time I had, to enquire about my missing luggage. I was told that they didnt have any news  that it did not appear on the system! This, in spite of me being in possession of a reference. I then proceeded on my own volition toward the lost and found office at the airport where, I found my luggage without a tag. Unassisted by any staff, whom when I said that I had a connecting flight, STILL made no effort to help me. Time was running out whereby I almost lost missed my connecting flight to Madrid. This was truly disappointing, and absolutely unprofessional! In todays world, with all the state of the art security and technology available to you as a large prestigious airline, it begs the question how such an organization not only completely loses or misplaces a passengers luggage, but worse than that, to have their staff handle it with such apathy!? Stop just for a moment if you would, to consider how you would feel if this had happened to yourself or a member of your family? I have no doubt that you would be just as, if not, more upset than I am!  I went back to the airport over a period of three days but my luggage still did not reflect on the system There was also no news or indication of where my luggage was at all, and little to no effort was made by ITA airways to assist me! After three days with no luggage, I was forced to buy purchase some clothing and requisites as I had planned my itinerary to first go hiking to the north with a motorbike and then to take a cycling tour around the south. I did not have any suitable clothing to go motorbike riding, hiking or cycling. This all happened because ITA airways staff had simply not bothered to look for it or find it.
I always fly American Airlines first class in my trip JFKEZEJFK. I decided to try the business class club condor with Aerolineas Argentinas. I regret to says that the business class of American Airlines is much better. The seat at the club condor are ok not flat bed but ok. We were welcomed with orange juice a cheap champagne and candies. The menu says only one appetizer no choice and 3 main courses. Two options are for the breakfast time. The whole experience with the catering was horrible. From the presentation to the quality the food did not respond to a business class. Do not expect to have any cocktails since they only have wine beer and whisky. The dessert was a piece of rock ice cream and we received hard croissant and bread in our breakfast. The returning flight did not even have all three dinner options and the food was horrible as well. I wonder how do they plan to compete with such a horrible presentation. They do not provide you with the custom forms for USA.
  It started with the worst check in I have ever experienced. The check in did last over 3 hours and I barely missed my flight. They told me something is wrong with my papers but they could not explain what, it is just that for the airline it would be fine but the airport in Kuwait requires something. They charged me another 50$ to sort things out.  The flight was disappointing too, despite sitting in the Premium class the seats where the most uncomfortable seats I ever sat in an airplane. I honestly thought the times of aircraft food are over. Here you get the nostalgia of survival kit like sausages and a tasteless bun with nothing more than butter, the yogurt comes plain too. Staff was nice. A lot nicer that the ground staff in Mumbai. But dont expect them to walk the extra mile. Blankets on a night flight are only given by request. Than they wake you up way to early just to show you a movie how amazing Kuwait is with Ferraris and Guccis.  I took my time to look through the movies which offers right about what you would expect by now. It could be worse but I would rather play on my phone and write this review. At least the flight was cheaper than most, so I did not expect too much. On the other hand they even managed that I feel like I overpaid for what I got.
My flight from Lima to Cuzco was first delayed and later cancelled because of bad weather. They kept us waiting in the airport for over 5 hours. All we got was a horrible little sandwich with a glass of soda. We collected our luggage and were told to come back the next morning. All other airline companies were flying to Cuzco LANStar Peru. We were treated like dogs and thrown on the streets. Nobody even took the time to properly inform us.
  I never even got a chance to fly Silver. They cancelled my flight, offered no alternate flights after the abrupt cancellation, and refused to answer the phone when I called customer support for a refund of my ticket and overpriced pet fee. After over five hours waiting in the callback queue, they called and immediately disconnected when I answered the phone. I called back right away and was put on hold for another hour. After five dozen loops of the same instrumental rock song, youll never guess what happened...they dropped the call again. Save yourself the headache and fly with a real airline. Silver is quite the misnomer, as real silver is actually worth something.
 Porto to Paris Orly. Horrible flight, delayed, incompetent ground staff. First and last time flying with Transavia. Ground staff made several people send their hand luggage to the hold, claiming that the cabin would be full. In the end, over 30 of all cabin space was empty. In a flight that was already delayed by over an hour, this useless ordeal made us delayed a further 30 minutes.
  Moscow to Varna. My last trip to S7 happened in the end of August. Im using their priority system, collecting miles flying with S7 in Russia and their partner Air Berlin in Berlin. Must say it works pretty well, Ive never tried to buy tickets for miles, but I change often to the upper class and use their business lounge in airports. To Varna I also flew in business. That time we had a small delay. As we were told after, because of weather conditions. Less than one hour, but not the best thing anyway. Fortunately during the flight everything was fine. S7 have good choice of food in business class, a lot of fresh fruits and vegetables. There is almost no difference between inland and abroad flights, except that cabin crew can speak English really fluent. Generally, that trip left the good impression. Would use their service further
  I cannot recommend Wizz Air after they refusing me a refund for broken my bag. We booked a family flight and adding an expensive 26 kg Bag. We bought the American tourister bag in Australia. They broke the bag,  it wasnt not reparable but they dont give us any kind of refund. We are very sorry of this low quality service and customer service. With kids, travelling is not easy and we were in hurry with a Uber taxi at the airport and we found out only when we were out the Terminal that the bag was broken. The funny thing is that at the service desk in Venice they told us to ask for an online procedure of the PIR who helped in case of a partially refund procedure but they totally closed the claim with no possibility to replay, explain and adding information. its weird that in person they told us that an operator would be kind and open to help but the fact this not happened. 
  Without notification, my flight from Cuenca to Quito was cancelled. Not only that, but the scenario at the airport was chaos. Although there were partitions available, they were not being used, so, instead of waiting in line, there was a crush of people pushing and arguing at the counter. There should have been an agent on the outside, organizing and prioritizing those with connecting flights, but there was not. It was mob rule. After waiting and waiting to get to the front, I finally talked to someone, and told him I had an international connection to make in Quito. After waiting and waiting again, while others pushed ahead, yelled, and so on, I finally talked to the next agent. I also told this agent I had a connecting flight. We were finally taken by bus from Cuenca to Guayaquil, a 3.5 hour ride through the mountains. I bought a flight because I did not want to take a bus, but ended up in a bus, and the flight they assigned me to did not arrive in Quito on time for my connecting flight. The TAME agents offered absolutely no compensation, saying that they were only responsible for getting me to Quito. At that point they claimed that the flight from Cuenca had been cancelled due to weather, but it was calm and sunny in Cuenca that morning. I told them that I still could have arrived on time had the scene in Cuenca been organized, and people given priority depending on their connections, but this did not matter either. I had to miss my hotel in Lima, spend the night in the airport, and take a 4 am flight out, which I had to pay another $300 for. I will never fly TAME again, and suggest you dont either.
  Rome  Tokyo. The journey was a little less than expected 12h and 10 min. The food on board was decent. The toilet was clean although only 1 out of 2 where I was seated worked. The service on board is okay. The hostesses are very nice, but I noticed that at least in my case they dont go above and beyond to help you, if you ask for something, they dont give a 100. A major criticism goes to the website awful, I dont find it functional at all. I wasnt able to reserve seats until checkin and I never knew why. So in order to buy them I had to wait for the online checkin  obviously at that point the choices were few and I had to pay the most expensive of the economy seat 49 euros. The luggage all arrived at their destination. We had an economy fare which allowed us to bring 2 checked bags of 23kg. Attention for breakfast they will give you, among other things, a ham sandwich if Im not mistaken, if you dont eat it on board, dont bring it with you.
CDG to LAX. The cabin was very cramped and hot throughout the flight but service and food was quite good and a real surprise after our experience on the ground. We arrived two hours ahead of time at CDG. After it took over an hour about 75 minutes to check in we then got in line next to go through security. After waiting about 30 minutes and becoming very concerned about them shutting the doors before we got through I asked the now idle checkin people if there was a way to get us through so we would not miss the flight. The manager very dismissively told us to get to the back of the line there was nothing he could do. After another 20 minutes with a security agent telling us to just have an airline rep walk us to 1st class line and being told again by the to just go back to the end of the line a security agent walked us to another area and through 1st class line. We were very surprised when we got onboard to see the same inept and rude people who did checkin were the first class and business class stewards. All they had to say to us when I said I was worried about missing the flight was We know you are here checkedin and in line for security. We wont leave without you. Instead rudeness and attitude was all I got.
  Direct flight Moscow Zhukovsky to Prague was cancelled and rerouted as Zhukovsky to Prague via Kaliningrad formally two connected flights but in fact just a stop in KGD with departure 3,5 hours later without any warning. The representative of the airline appeared in the airport half an hour after scheduled departure and was quite unfriendly, no explanations, no excuses. All compensation for a long delay arrival to PRG about 6 hours after schedule was a bottle of water well were entitled for a ridiculous compensation of some €0.30 per hour by Russian law but it is not worth claiming. Not even any help with sitting places in pathetic departure hall of ZIA. From passengers reports on the Net I learned that rerouting of this flight this way is UAs common practice. On board, very short legroom, no food even for money except for a few paid snacks. The cheapest option on PRGMOW route but will do my best to avoid it in the future.
March 29 PPT TAHITI FRENCH POLYNESIA  LAX LOS ANGLES CA. The flight was horrible. After spending a great deal of money for a business class seat I literally had to get up and go and find flight attendants to get a drink of water after not seeing them for a 3 hour stretch. The food was terrible as well. Not worth the money! Horrible service.
 Warning AirAsia booking policies are deceptive! You can search for the best ticket price for a route and think that AirAsia is the lowest, but one page before you pay, AirAsia adds a significant processing fee without warning such that you cannot compare AirAsias ticket price to another airline! The only way to check for the accurate ticket price is to go all the way through the booking process and almost purchase the ticket. This is unfair and deceptive! Stay vigilant!
I flew with Air Niugini, 24 August 2015 from Port Moresby to Bali with a B737700. Overall not very good in service and the flight attendants did the minimum. Check in at POM Airport is very poor, just 2 ground staff to do that and they are very strict with baggage handling and baggage weight. On the B737700 there were 7 flight attendants but just 2 working in Economy Class causing a very slow service. Inflight Entertainment, seat and toilets were ok.
Just booked a flight to Los Angeles return cheaper than an AberdeenHumberside return  which is now close to £400. Still only half filling the plane and a huge customer base of offshore workers waiting for them to lower the price.
HAMIKAHAM good service although cabin crew could be more friendly. A300600 are very old but I felt safe. In Iran I never fly again with Iran Air. Fokker aircraft are old and shabby inside.
  Its been a nightmare honestly. I was treated badly on board and my flight were delayed and my bags were lost. Not much to say apart from Ill never set foot on an ITA Airways flight again and I would not recommend it.
  I cant believe how run down and disgusting this airplane both going from Las Vegas to Guadalajara and returning Guadalajara to Las Vegas. I thought that it was a fluke that the airplane was damaged going, but returning it was the same. Broken seats, broken trays, torn or ripped seats. The lavatories do not have paper towels, toilet paper, or Kleenex, when I asked the flight attendant she said sorry, but then again that was going and returning.  This is their standard operating procedure, how sad. Once in flight the attendants are handing out hot soda and when asked for ice, they ask do you have a thermos? When I told her no, she handed me 3 ice cubes in a plastic cup and was upset. Interjet is cheap , and certainly does not care about customer service or integrity within the airline community.
We had to travel to France from Gatwick to catch our flight. Staff are warm friendly and helpful. I have never come away from a flight thinking how awful it was.
  Bangkok to Auckland via Kuala Lumpur. Fantastic value for money especially when one finds a promo or random very low fair. The food was good and very cheap too as well as the beer. Bought a warm meal for under €5 and beer was around €3. Will be flying this airline over the major carriers when possible, after all what do you miss out on, free food and drink and an entertainment screen? Seats are a little cramped but not enough to grumble about really. The layover in Gold Coast is an annoying factor in this leg though. Not once were my carryon bags checked for weight so could have easily packed more in my luggage.
  Very worst experience with this budget airline. Hope the term budget is just used for marketing purpose, but actual cost to fly with Air India express is more than luxury airlines. Ive been stopped for 1KG extra luggage, even though i had very less cabin luggage weight. Very worst sanitary management inside the plane. Crew are very intelligent  keeping a toilet separately for them by simply locking it from outside. None of the crew follow basic covid19 protocol, no one wears mask.  2 triangle shaped half of bread with very salty cheese  local made sweet bun, approx.100ml200ml water served. Leg room is very worst. This airline is not worth the money.
  Punctuality on the way out and on the way back. Easy to buy tickets through the companys website. As well as when checking. The treatment of the companys employees is excellent. The space available between the seats is quite wide, and the seats are comfortable. I hope to fly with this airline again.
Osaka to Hong Kong. We bought two tickets together, but we could not get two seats together when we tried several times at the autocheckin machine. We were early enough so it wasnt possible that there were no more pair seats remaining. We asked a young Peach staff, he said you have to pay extra to guarantee seats together. We were amazed by this. We spoke to the duty manager, a nice lady, and she confirmed that autocheckin assigns seats randomly. We told her we had bought tickets together and were now checking in together and we had never come across this situation before. She of course apologised, but confirmed that unfortunately we would have to pay extra for guaranteeing sitting together. Inside the aircraft was very tight and cramped.
  Sapporo to Phuket via Seoul. Horrendous problem solving by the Korean Air team. We were left to wait on on the plane for 3.5 hours due to engine failure and upon reaching Seoul they didnt come up with any viable solution to replace our missed Korean Air connecting flight! Their solution in the end is to downgrade us all  from our original business class seating to economy. Even though my husband and I paid a  Business class ticket we had upgraded our small children using points from a paid economy ticket to business tickets. So we have now lost half a day for extra travel time. Since they are now rerouting us via Hong Kong 2 Insulted by the KoreanAir team by their Lack of acknowledgement of their Screw up and Our right to proper seatings. Absolutely no proper compensation for our loss on Business class tickets and Morning Calm mileage points. Its most shocking and mind you we are traveling with our very patient but very exhausted 6 year old twins!
  I additionally booked seat at emergency exit and lounge entry when i booked this flight. I paid eur378,67 for the flight plus extra seats and eur35 for lounge entry. I received a receipt for only the flight 326,67. I did not get my seats and i did not receive any voucher for lounge entry. I called the service desk many times during 3 days aproximately 15 times they promised me every time to take care of it and to search for the money. The only thing i could do is to book again and pay again and hope it works out. Nobody called me back and i did not receive the seats in the end and of course i could not enter the lounge. Ita airways does not send me any answers by email. This is definitely the worst airline I have ever used. I will not use them again ever.
Flew from Xian to Beijing in April on a 737800. Flight was on time and the aircraft comfortable. Had a window seat behind the wing and had the most leg room I have encountered in a narrow body. There was even a fold out foot rest under the seat in front. Food was nothing special a snack box type thing and a drink. Handed out with a smile from crew which were otherwise not present. The box contained western style food with bread roll and butter packet of savoury biscuits a slice of cake and some fruit. Satisfactory for the short mid afternoon flight. Would be happy to see this airline on my itinerary for future travels in China.
Lyon to Oran. Two Airbus A320 are mainly dedicated for operations between Lyon ad Algeria. I would allow that the service tends to decrease. I cant stand how Aigle Azur operates charter planes with high density configuration for regular flights between France and Algeria. It is unbearable to get sat so tight in those seating rows impossible to move or eat correctly.
 Shocking service. Avoid this airline. Two weeks in a row I booked the 1410 flight 19th and 26th June 2023 Both times the airline changed it to 1915. I checked in online both times. Each time boarding was delayed. Then, both times, every person that had checked in online was not actually checkedin in the system. This meant that boarding gate staff had to manually recheck in every such person and issue them a paper ticket. Both flights eventually arrived in Barcelona after midnight compared to 1725 per the original booking. Reason for delay technical issues. You can say that again, but not to me. I wont be there.
  Oslo to Trondheim. Amazing airline that I highly recommend. Low cost so follow their rules and everything will be fine. The best low cost airline with amazing staff.
  Flew Myanmar Airways from Mandalay to Yangoon on an A319 on 8 March 2017. Initial flight, which was on an older ATR72, was delayed 1 hours and 20 minutes. I was informed about this instantly when arriving at checkin in MDL. Upon request, I managed to board an earlier flight a more modern and quicker aircraft after a bit waiting at checkin. Service impeccable. Less than 20 passengers. Full catering service including food, beer, softdrinks and hotdrinks. Clean aircraft, observant and fast working staff. Arrived 40 minutes prior to schedule with the original flight which was said to be likely further delayed. They accept special meals and my seafood meal. The meal was confirmed but I had, upon consent, to forsake it as I took an earlier flight. Very nice airline and quick operations.
  Flight out from London to Helsinki and then onwards to Bangkok went well. They are not very clear on what Business light is when you book the flight but I guess easy to find out yourself and I travelled with carry on so it wasnt an issue for me. Connection in Helsinki went fine, airplane was fairly new. Service onboard ok, food and drinks options a bit like premium economy in other airlines so nothing to write home about but it was ok. Now the return flight got delayed which meant I was being rebooked on another airline. Since then Ive been trying to contact Finnair about getting my airmiles for that section might sound trivial but I paid for a business class flight and those points would have come very handy in reducing my cost of future flights. They have next to no customer service. Calling doesnt work. That automated service is laughable. Finally after about 4 weeks I got a reply that there is nothing they can do and thats that. Now Im thinking what if my issue was something more serious than missing airmiles? I cant imagine flying with them again if there is no way to contact customer service. Other airlines like BA, Lufthansa etc arent perfect but at least you get to talk to someone and they answer your emails.
  Good value for money and excellent service, I can truly recommend Thai Smile Airways both for leisure and business travels and Im am sure going to fly with them again!
  Frankfurt to Astana. It is my first time to refuse to bring my hand luggage because I have the computer backpack and a small handbag! The hand luggage is 9kg, but I took out a think book and said it could not account to the whole weight. They still not listen to me. i was refused to bring it on board and pay money as the overweight luggage. Afterwards I will select another airline but not Air Astana.
  Flew from Indore to Goa on Air Asia. Check in was easy  we opted for the paid front row seats and got them easily. Flight on time and ground staff were well trained. Crew on board however were very casual. The inflight supervisor spent the entire time while boarding was going checking her phone and chatting with other staff. Flight otherwise quite okay.
  Round trip business travel, Portland, Oregon to Dallas Fort Worth in May 2023. Connecting in Salt Lake City both ways. Initial flight leaving PDX was substantially delayed so rebooked, same routing. That flight was just a little late, had plenty of time in SLC, no problem. Especially since THAT flight was substantially delayed. Got in to DFW 6 hours later than planned. Return flight, delayed just enough that the only flight to be on time, the last leg, taking me home, was already pushed back when I got to the gate. Delta kindly rebooked me on a flight the next day and of course, no room. Fortunately the gate agent found a seat on a flight later that evening so I only have to wait 5 hours. I assume they used the same computer and data base that Delta Corporate uses, so I am not sure why the company didnt book me there in the first place. Going back a few months, I had a flight get delayed and delayed and then finally they sent me a text that it was delayed until the next morning. Same scenario, no help for accommodations and since they delayed it, well thats not the same as cancelled so they have no obligation to help or refund. In that case, I had to be in the destination city before the flight was scheduled to depart so I rented a car and drove all night. I only flew Delta this time because they were a preferred airline for the corporate travel department I was booking through. I cannot fathom why. Now, the staff at Delta are all very nice, they are as helpful as they can be, but there isnt much they can do when flights are delayed. So thanks to the staff. But your airline sucks. They have posters in the jetway, This is what service looks like. This is what happiness looks like. How about one that says This is what ontime looks like? The only reason they get two stars rating is because their staff is so nice. Value for money? They have cost me car rentals, lost time on the job. Money.
  Sydney to Beijing via Changsha. I was pleasantly surprised by the overall quality. I flew Sydney to Beijing. The ground staff and flight attendants were very helpful and accomodating. The person at the checkin counter offered to sit me towards the front of the plane instead of the back so I can get off quicker as I had a connection. Flight Attendants spoke good English, and their uniforms were quite lovely. They gave a blanket, pillow, and a kit featuring a toothbrush, eye shade, toothpaste, socks and ear plugs. The movie selection was great, and included recent Oscar nominated films, such as The Shape of Water. The flight crew was quick to respond to my requests of water as well. Would definitely recommend this airline! One of the best I have flown with.
  I booked this flight via Cheapoair it was supposed to leave April 14, 2020. Then the Coronavirus hit. The flight never left for Papeete it was cancelled by the airline. I requested a refund through Cheapoair because Air Tahiti Nui said it was bought through Cheapoair. I dealt with Cheapoair who checked with air Tahiti Nui about refunding me my money. We paid almost $1500.00 for two tickets. I was offered a credit which has to be used by next year or I lose the credit of the two tickets to Papeete. I wanted my money back as I, like thousands, of others had nothing to do with the cancellation. It was a worldwide pandemic. I am told now that I can get my money back with a $500.00 penalty. The quoted amount to be returned is approximately $750.00 for a $1500.00 investment. Which is more than a $500.00 penalty. I have filed a complaint with the Dept of Transportation who frowns on this type of rip off. I will never fly Air Tahiti Nui or use Cheapoair for any reason. I am a senior citizen with a compromised immune system and am not sure when I will be able to travel due to the Coronavirus.
Birmingham to Amritsar. The flight was delayed taking off transit from Tehran also late taking off. The issue of boarding passes at Tehran took over three hours. Most passengers were in the plane waiting for the last of the transit passengers to get their boarding passes so were sitting in the plane for nearly 2 hours before take off. Food is okay no entertainment to pass the time. Friendly crew but the overall service must improve.
  Flight was ok although delayed. Landed at 2.20am. No luggage. No agent. An officer asked us to go out to departures to enquire. Went to departures, nobody available. Spoke to someone, took a pic of the tag to enquire. 3am. Swoop opened for another flight check in. Spoke to agent. Already 4am. She acknowledged someone called a supervisor and we needed to wait. We asked for a follow up call as it had been 1 hour already. She asked to wait 30 mins more as there had just been a call although the call x supervisor had been 1 hour ago. Another swoop agent arrives to check in. We go and tried to speak to her. She is upset asked us to wait. She comes back 15 mins later and asked us to go to domestic flights and wait there. We explained it was an international flight and the reason to go to domestic and wait. She answered I am telling you what I was told. I do not know or can do anything. We reiterate the flight was from Cuba and asked why we need to go tp domestic. She stops and thinks and said she would call supervisor again. It is 5am already and nobody knows anything. We tried to ask several times what we are waiting for there. Both agents are very upset and extremely rude. Supervisor shows up at 5.30 because there was a big issue with another entire flight. She says they know nothing and have no idea where our luggage is in Canada or in Cuba and cant be tracked.  So, from 2.30 to 5.30 am they just kept ignoring us and being rude. I have never witnessed such a bad customer service at the airport or with any airline. Id rather pay more to fly with another airline and get a better service. And our luggage is still missing.
  Stockholm to Zurich with a courteous crew and inflight service. Hot snack and drinks were served in this twohour flight. The flight was rather empty so I had the entire row to my self. Movie was shown on main screen so there was some entertainment if caught unguarded. Inflight magazine was also nice.
  I paid for a round ticket around $810. From Skopje to Miami I had 16hr layover in Warsaw. For my return ticket, they kept changing the date and finally they canceled it. I asked for a refund and I got only $200 back. I have been trying to contact the airline and they have been unresponsive and are saying that they are not required to refund you the money. I recommend never choosing this company as they have the worst service and they canceldelay their flight all the time. I have been flying for a long time and this airline is the worst experience I have ever had.
  OOLSYDMEL dealt us 5 significant delays over two unrelated flights. It was a series of delays that had my phone buzzing relentlessly with flight changes. I have never experienced disorganisation to this extent in 40 years of domestic and international air travel. Cabin crew on the 4 flights the reverse of the sequence on the way up, were lovely to deal with, but showed annoying inconsistencies in training. They were minor issues, but there were different and unrelated rules on two of the four flights, which is something Ive not come across before. They need to present with consistency or people like me wonder what other faults are lurking regarding safety training. I hated this trip because of the airline experience and would have much preferred to have stayed home.
 Never again. First time Ive flown with Lufthansa in many years and my first time flying in business class with them. The postpurchase experience is absolutely appalling. They are incredibly difficult to contact and incorrectly denying any compensation claims. They send you repeated copypaste responses that dont correspond at all to your submission, then stop replying altogether. There was no inairport support at Istanbul, we were denied access to the business class lounges when they cancelled our flight which was their fault and offered absolutely no compensation or support. The planes were dated with poorly maintained interiors. Very friendly cabin crew though. I dont see myself flying again with them internationally any time soon.
  Abu Dhabi to Chandigarh via Delhi. Jet Airways cancelled the 9W 211 flight from Abu Dhabi to Delhi on March 1st 2019, didnt inform me till I got to the airport. I was stranded in Abu Dhabi. They told me that they cant rebook me or put me in a hotel. So I have to pay triple amount for a new ticket on a different airline and the hotel stay, i.e almost an additional $1000.  Zero empathy for customers. The Jet Airways staff in Abu Dhabi reflected the culture prevalent in the airline, i.e useless, smiling and enjoying while the customers suffered. 
LGWTIPLGW on A320A330. Both flights approx 1 hour delayed Servisair lounge at LGW basic and overcrowded quiet lounge in Tripoli. Uncrowded flights  very few pax in Business cabin. Comfortable seats for 3 hr journey but angled lieflat seats on A330 too short for me 1.80m. Food tasty no alcohol of course limited but OK film choice on AVOD. FAs sweet but not all spoke english. Be aware Tripoli airport can be difficult to navigate as all signage in Arabic only!
  Chitose to Nagoya. My boarding ticket showed that the boarding time was at 1400 at gate 201, so I was already at the gate at 1330. I waited till 1415, and still no call for boarding. I did not approach the crew because they looked busy waiting for other passengers for the flight bound for Narita. Until I heard that it was already the final call to board the flight bound for Nagoya. I was very confused as there were no prior announcements. If there was any announcement even in Japanese Id understand. There was not any notice as well at gate 201. Shame on you Jetstar! Such poor service! Almost missed my flight. Will never fly Jetstar again!
  Paris to Casablanca. Great Flight. First I was upgraded to business class. I has great attention from the cabin crew. The cabin of the Boeing 7878 is very nice even if the new 7879 cabin is even better. Very good meal was served. Departure on time, arrival before time. Entertainment of good quality could be richer of renewed more often, indeed as a frequent flyer with RAM, I have seen almost all movies I am interested in. Priority Luggage respected and delivered first. Very happy to be a gold frequent flyer of RAM.
  London to Tashkent. Plane left and arrived roughly on time. Very old, tatty and worn out Boeing 757 with very uncomfortable seat for a night flight and limited legroom. Cabin crew were friendly but with limited English. Food was tasty. First time flying with Uzbekistan Airways and wouldnt do it again if there were any other direct flights available. All a bit too rough and ready for a 7 hour overnight flight.
Riga to Tashkent then on to Lahore and back. This airlines routes are excellent. Food excellent with copious amounts. Service fine and nice to get different tasting beers than the usual. FAs fine once they trust you are not going to be another difficult passenger. Uzbekistan Airways suffers from poor ground operations and officialdom at their airports which means that by the time people board the craft they are not always at their best. This is taxing on cabin crew who respond with professionalism even if they are not the greatest smilers. I understand Uzbekistan Airways are joining Skyteam. They are easily in the class of some other members of Skyteam now so hopefully this will mean more good connections in an area of the world they serve well.
18th June 2013 BW902 POSLGW. 1st July 2013 BW903 LGWPOS. Check in at POS was fast. Flight was scheduled to depart 7.40pm but boarding began at 7.30pm. Departed 45 minutes late. Once airborne food was nice and multiple drink runs. Personal screens for InFlight Entertainment were not working. Nice 767 with comfy seats. However the return was a nightmare. Scheduled to depart London at 12.50pm on 30th June BW 903. Got to the airport on the 30th June at 10am to be told by another passenger that the flight was cancelled. A long line with frustrated passengers for 2 hours as no information from Caribbean Airlines. After 3 hours I was told that it was due to the AC not working and they will be putting us up in a hotel overnight and was booked for a 4.50am departure the next day 1st July. At the hotel told that the flight was delayed until 9.50am and to head back to the check in counter at 7am. Finally got to the gate and we boarded on time. Did not leave on time left 3 hours later. Flight attendants were less than helpful and sour. Flight was wonderful with fair IFE and a hot meal and 3 drink runs. Afternoon tea as well. Arrived after 5pm on 1st July.
 Awful experience and do not recommend. We had to wait to check in for 2.5 hours because they did not plan on having so many flights leaving around the same time and only having 4 people working. They ran out of all but one meal option  which we had paid for ahead of time to only not be able to eat it due to it being spicy. Drinks were not offered for 5 hours on the plane. When we land, our luggage takes over an hour to arrive and there is no one to tell us what was happening. When I emailed customer service, the only response was  you could have gotten a water for free. Will not fly again.
  This was the worst experience I ever had at the airport. I missed my flight due to the negligence of the customer ice agent. When I complained about the service the agent was very disrespectful. I waited over an hour to see a manager. So I canceled my flight and booked with Delta. The experience with Delta was great. My company will never use this airline. 
  I was charged $1300 for the round trip ticket to attend my grandfathers funeral. All of my flights were delayed one was because they had no crew, apparently there is no inflight entertainment offered anymore on United flights, no food offered other than a small bag of pretzels and a cup of water, I was forced to pay $10 for WiFi service that didnt work, and now Ive been told United apparently have a new policy in which they dont adjust fares for bereavement travel. When I called customer service, I was forced into using the text messaging option to try to resolve my concerns due to the waiting period to speak to a representative being over 90 minutes. The United representative that I texted with was not only not helpful, but their messages were full of poor grammar, no punctuation they often wrote paragraphs with no commas or periods or anything...it was just a runon, nonsensical way of communicating, and a complete lack of willingness to resolve my concerns. United has lost a customer for life.
  This is my first time with WOW, when I saw the $500 fare I checked out reviews and thought it looked fine. I dont mind no meal on a flight, not really a fan of airplane food anyway. I thought the connection seemed tight but it was what WOW advertised. So the flight out of Chicago was delayed. No reason was shared, no real info, it was just delayed by about 2 hours but the flight crew announced over the speaker on the plane. They will hold your connections for you and we will make up time in the air. Well that was a lie, dont announce things that arent true. So once we got inside the airport multiple connecting flights were missed so there was a line 3040 people long with 1 only, 1 WOW employee giving directions. Really WOW, you couldnt do anything to assist all the passengers at that point? So after waiting 2030 minutes in the line the lady tells me follow the arrivals signs and an agent will be waiting to direct you. Was there an agent, absolutely not. But I did find about 7 other passengers who were on the same connecting flight all wondering around lost wondering what was going on. We were able to piece together some info a few of us received different emails from WOW giving different info. By sharing with each other we realized we could book an airport hotel and they rebooked us on flights the next day. But not one of us had complete info and only by talking to each other could we piece this together. Finally after over an hour someone who worked at the airport, not WOW, got someone from WOW to speak to us and get a bus to take us to the hotel. We were told be ready for a bus to arrive by 3.30am in the morning to take us to the airport. Was there a bus nope, no bus. There were way more WOW stranded passengers at the hotel who arrived after us. The hotel called their shuttle service to come at 4am and take a huge bus full of all the passengers WOW stranded in Iceland and then again at the hotel. Huge thanks to Airport BB. Now the rebooked flight is delayed, by how much who knows. Will we ever get to Berlin, who knows. Zero trust in WOW and not booking with them again, oh and that $500 fare ended up being $775 with seats and carryon luggage. So if you care about getting to your destination in a timely manor and communication when things go wrong, I do not recommend WOW.
  Gold Coast to Hong Kong via Cairns. Check in at Gold Coast was less than 5 minutes. No Lounge Service for Business Class. Left on time for 2.5 hr flight to Cairns. Only a muffin and drink served for breakfast but crew were very attentive. 1.5 hour stop in Cairns. Relatively full flight to HKG. 2 full meal services  1 hour out of Cairns and 90 minutes before landing. Choice of 3 meals each service with 1 western and 2 chinese. Meals were good portions and very tasty. Plenty of drinks available with crew constantly checking for refills. Daytime flight so didnt take advantage of the fully flat seats, which are very comfortable. AVOD was limited with understandably mainly chinese TV shows. Crew were very professional and chatty making for a very pleasant flight. Hong Kong Airlines Business Class deserves its 4 star rating.
  The airline is extremely unreliable. Multiple lastminute delays in the flight departures and lastminute cancellations too. Would not recommend to anyone to book Go First tickets
  They canceled flight at midnight the morning of our return flight. Gave us only 12 hours to find another flight. Discovered this at 4 AM as we were sleeping when we got notified. Reason they gave is could not get staff. Not dependable. Flight down took off 90 minutes late. What good is a cheap price if you make plans based on their schedule and they dont seem to care to honor them as they seem to cancel quite regularly if not a full flight.
  I have My flight changed from direct to one stop with out compensating the difference. I paid for the extra leg room seat but never get it. My flight had delay on the way back, the hotel was terrible, and the worst thing is the Sunwing team wont do anything to make people happy for all inconvenient they make. I receive email to represent my feedback about my trip but even the link they provide doesnt work.
  They literally force you to pay $99 even if your backpack was a quarter of an inch sticking out from the size bin. They were very rude throughout the whole process. A couple from our flight was not allowed to board the plane because the wife got frustrated and started yelling at the lady who was very rude to her. I will never fly Spirit airlines. Pls if you dont want to get scammed, dont fly with this airline. You are better off paying a little more for a ticket because in the end, when all their charges add up for every little thing they can think of, you will end up paying more and the customer service sucks. 
We saw the baggage handlers being very rough with the bags. Then ours came out and it was broken. I took it to the Air NZ desk at Auckland domestic arrivals and the guy wasnt even wearing a mask. He told me I work alone in this office so why should I wear a mask? I dont have covid. Then he told me 1. My bag was cheap, thats why it broke. 2. It was too heavy. At 25kg. 3. I overpacked it. 4. Air nz would only pay 60 of the original value of the bag. I emailed them and 2 days later still no response. Pretty appalling behaviour from Air NZ.
  I flew from Frankfurt to Istanbul, and I had an option of one night stay in Istanbul. I went to customer service desk after going through customs and getting a visa. I claimed to get a hotel as I did want to continue my journey to Saudi Arabia, and I was feeling nauseous. I spoke with Turkish Airlines agent, she told me she has a later flight, then the manager came telling me that they have a hospital upstairs. 
  I booked the flight from Delhi to Leh and back, when I was supposed to be coming back on 8th Feb, 2019, my flight got cancelled by Jet Airways, I have began the process for refund which they claimed will be refunded within 8 to 10 days. Even after 11 days, I didnt get the refund, so I called again and they process it once again and ask me to wait for 8 to 10 days. I did and still there is no refund, now that I call there customer care, they are not even picking up the phone. I have more things to do than writing this review and calling jet airways again and again, so be mindful..
  Larnaca to Zurich. Flight was satisfactory but my biggest gripe is that I was not allowed access to the Business Lounge at Larnaca Airport, surely this should be automatic when paying for Business.
This airline is a ripoff, the costumer service is the most horrible specially at the gate to check in , when you purchase a ticket with this airline it seems to be a good deal but its not. I ended up paying a large amount of money to travel in a atrocious most uncomfortable seat, they dont give you not even a water as a courtesy. As the airport was packed and I didnt had much time to catch the fight the agent  changed me twice for my check in bag, first $85 dollars then another $125 for extra 10 pounds. I understand the $125 for over weight but on top of that $85? Is just an insult. So Ill never travel with this airline again. No one should .
 With regards to terminal experience, I hope they put out a queue for those who have done online checkin in Abu Dhabi airport. I also like to express my appreciation to the airline for its cabin crew for doing their jobs well in my recent very short flight of 1 hour. I know they had a bit of a hectic schedule since they also provided snacks during the flight given that it takes a while to serve and clean up in between take off and descentlanding. Aside from that, the A321 Neo aircraft was amazing and neat.
  Finnair has misplaced our luggage from Bangkok to Venice via Helsinki and has not been able to find it for days. Does not answer customer service line, longest wait times on hold with no answer. I was advised to call 4 different phone numbers before reaching baggage claim, with still no answer. Finnair is unorganised, slow and has no customer service to speak of. Will not recommend to anyone.
  Antananarivo to Johannesburg. This is the worst airline I have used. The two flights I booked with them were both canceled on the day of the flight. One was canceled due to mechanical problems on the plane, only after everyone had boarded, and was replaced by another flight 12 hours later. The other an international flight to Johannesburg was canceled with no explanation. We were told that the next flight wasnt for a full week thereafter, which would have caused us to miss our international flight back to the US. The customer service agent could only offer me a call center email address for requesting a refund. When I did so, they told me they could only process the refund through my travel agent  but I had booked the tickets myself, on the Internet! Canceling a flight and not refunding it is called stealing.
  Volaris is by far the worst airline that I have ever flown. Not were the flights just delayed but they boarded us then had to take us off for maintenance and didnt help us change our connecting flights. Just said not to worry they will handle them when you get to Mexico city. Needless to say after trying to run and catch my gate which I couldve made they said I couldnt board because I needed to go get my bag. Ended up missing the connection and the next available flight wasnt till the next morning. Their customer service was horrible. They are completely disorganized, rude and not helpful at all and had zero compensation for all of the people. Nothing from food, to hotel rooms, to transportation, credits, or refunds. The airplane also had no air conditioning, food, water, or anything. Not only did they waste my money and time but didnt even help resolve the issues at hand.
  Bangkok to Phuket. The customer service at desk was horrible and charged me for bags even though I wasnt charged before through same airline and it cost as much as a ticket 64 US dollars. The seats were tight and the airline was late. I would not recommend but if you take them plan on being late .
  One of the worst experiences. Gate change from what was sent via first message to the one at airport was not announced or message was not resent  we had to figure out at the airport. Inflight experience was pathetic. I was seated in row 15D  The inflight attendant was not clear on emergency row  she started explain the emergency procedure to row 12 customer when the emergency rows were 15  16. I had inflight meal prebooked  none of the flight attendants bother to ask for servicing the same  when I asked for the same  captain announce landing  so I was not served my pre booked meal. I paid for the same but get the same on board
  Picture this your flight is delayed for a reroute flight plan but eventually takes off 30 mins later only to land 3 hours later at an unscheduled airport causing you and your wheelchair assist family to miss an international connecting flight and now you are stranded. You cannot rebook your flight using the app as it still says delayed 3 hours later. You are directed to call an speak to an agent which is a 3.5 hour long wait while your connecting flight has already landed! You are not offered even a beverage. You cannot receive your luggage in order drive to the next airport. And your family cannot receive any updates from the staff who are now mutes. But you have paid upfront all of the required fees and taxes for every single facet of these flights. And somehow the courtesy of communication was not included in that cost. Take your business elsewhere. It would be easier to just walk.
  They almost charged me $85 dollars because I couldnt fit my book in my bag which I was carrying in my hand. Absolutely ridiculous. Terrible customer service they really dont care and just want you to pay them. Mean people and treat you poorly. 
  Los Angeles to Bogot business class. Seats great, catering is shameful. Tiny portion of food and water. No coffee on a Colombian airline. Crew sat at front and chatted for hours. Bathrooms uncleaned. We got there and back largely on time but really the catering manager should be ashamed. Online side of operation is glitchy and tricky. Seatbelt signs kept on for no apparent reason.
We got a special price for Royal Brunei Airlines business class that was $3k below the nearest competitor, and $4k below Qantas. This is hard to go past but we were sceptical. Our experience was great  the Boeing 787 was very comfortable, beds were fully flat and doonas and pillows made it easy to sleep 10 hours across 3 flights to London. The trip is in 3 parts with a 12hr stopover in Brunei and Dubai, and makes it much easier in the old body  the service was genuine, unsophisticated and a refreshing change. Generally nothing was too much trouble  the entertainment system was adequate but take a book.
  Yangon to Tokyo. There was a storm in the South China Sea. Youd think that when the flight is cancelled, theyd at least shoot an email to the customers. They did nothing. We went to the airport and was informed that the flight is cancelled. To be fair they did pay decent compensations for hotel and transportation.
A320  flew for the first time with Israir on March 17th and it will also be the last time. I literally only had 2 fingers worth of space between my knees and the seat in front. IFE non existent. I must attempt to get exit row when I return. Israir will be on my blacklist to be avoided at all costs.
I fly sometimes with Air Algerie and it is not worst nor better than all other flight companies. For the security all the airplanes in world are submitted to the same safety constraints so it is not more dangerous to fly with Air Algerie than to fly with others All Air Algerie airplanes are from the last generation Boeing or Airbus. And the greater decision Air Algerie has taken is to eliminate smoking in their airplanes. For the delays I think is problem of security which is taken really seriously by Algerian authorities and also because there are simply not enough parking place at Algiers Airport which will be resolved with the new airport.
  This is my second review. When I was finally able to reach an Alaska Airlines representative by phone and explain the situation, I learned that there was no unaccompanied minor status applied to our child when the reservation was made by phone, contrary to what my husband was told by the airline representative at the time of purchase. I was informed when I was making my complaint that unaccompanied minor status was only paid for and applied at time of check in. Why didnt the phone representative inform my husband when he placed the reservation? I also learned Alaska Airlines is focused on money more than a minors safety. I explained that I had been allowed to accompany my child to the gate for the departing flight and the supervisor I was speaking to exclaimed, And she didnt charge you! I would not have expected to be charged just as I did not expect to fill out a form during checkin because we believed we had paid it as part of the rather expensive ticket we already paid. The supervisor criticized me for not searching out this information on the website. We believed everything was taken care of because we had Spoken to Alaska airline representatives, both when we made the reservation and during checkin. Apparently representatives words cannot be trusted. Because of the lack of competency on the part of Alaska airlines, our minor child was not met by the guardian at the gate upon arrival. The guardian was not allowed to accompany our minor child through security on the return flight, and was not present as guardian and witness when our minor child was searched all around their privates by TSA. Because of Alaska airlines incompetency, I was not allowed to meet my own child at the gate. If I had not directly asked the representative what was required when I was denied a gate pass, I never we would have even heard about the yellow form . Alaska Airlines is worse than the Keystone cops and I do not recommend this airline to anyone.
  I am shocked and disgusted with the customer service from Cebu Pacific. My flight was cancelled in March and I was told I would receive a refund by AugustSeptember at the latest. I have not received a refund and my emails are now being ignored.  I feel like I have been treated with disrespect and it is not good enough.
  Worst airline experience I have had. We arrived at the airport 2 hours before boarding time. Check in took over 2 hours to get to the attendant, and they would not let us through or help in any way even though the flight hadnt yet closed the gates. She would not help us get another flight. The manager was extremely rude and told us nothing would be done. Customer service was not helpful and we lost all of our money.  There is no Iberia help desk in Paris. I have never been treated so disrespectfully. Never again.
  I flew with Gulf Air from Bahrain to London on September 2019, it wasnt a pleasant flight due to long ques, slow service, clear lack of manpower in the airport, and abysmal treatment in the plane had to wait 12 hour to get a pillow for my child. I wasnt planning to utilize that airlines again, but unfortunately, due to lack of other options, I had to book my flight back on March 30th, 2020 through Gulf Air to Dammam, Saudi Arabia. But then travel restrictions to Saudi from Bahrain were imposed, and I had to cancel my flight. Even though their official website refund policy states that the refund cost is 10BD 30 USD, and it would take no more than 1 month to be completed. I was informed that it would cost a 100BD 350USD penalty, and would take 23 months to be processed. So far, its been a month and a half, and still the refund amount wasnt returned to my account. By the way, when I called to cancel the flight, it was an international call, and I had to wait onhold for approximately 25 minutes until someone responded. Overall, I wouldnt recommend this airlines to anyone, and I will still pursue my refund amount, as I heard from a friend that he never got his refund even after 3 months for his flight.
  I travel almost monthly from Milano to Munich and I appreciate the service and punctuality of the Meridiana flight. The flight is convenient as it leaves in mid afternoon from Linate, the city airport, and it is always on time also on the return from Munich. Flight assistants are courteous and helpful. Only drawback is that in Milano the plane does not disembark to a finger but uses a bus shuttle. I imagine that this is done to save money as fingers are more expensive. At least this usually translates into cheap fares compared to aother travel options as car or train. As it is not a lowcost carrier Meridiana has the advantage of the possibilty to checkin at the airport at no extra cost.
  The support staff at the Mumbai counter is highly unprofessional and unethical. I was traveling along with my toddler who just turned 4, hence I couldnt carry 2 hand luggage of 7 each. So I made 1 bag of 14kg. When I reached the counter at the Mumbai international airport I explained that I am traveling with excess check in baggage which I shall pay for! She asked for my hand luggage which I informed her I have 1 bag of 14kg as per our allowance but she was not cooperative and very rudely informed me that I am not allowed to make 1 bag of 14kg. I politely informed her I am traveling with a toddler so I cant carry 2 hand bags hence traveling with 1 hand baggage of 14kg. But she was not ready to hear me out and asked me to make each bag of 7 kg and didnt check me in till I got that done.  I had to call my parents back near the airport entry and had to give away some of my stuffs so that I could accommodate 2 bags of 7kg. It was such a hassle to run back and forth to counter H to check if the weights are ok. After doing all that I went back to her counter and said its all done! Imagine what she says  she tells me Ill checkin your hand luggage also so that you can travel hassle free. I said if that was the case you could have just checked in my 1 bag of 14kg why did you make me go through all that trouble! Just because of her incompetence I faced so many issues. If she could have just checked in my hand bagged in the 1st place everything would have been a smooth process and my journey would have been great and not frustrating.
  Flight was delayed. Airplane was dirty. Staff wasnt efficient. Landing was horrible. Overall, my experience was terrible and I would not recommend this airline to anyone.
Sharjah via Mukhalla to Socotra and back onboard nearly full Yemeni Bombardier CRJ200 plane. Check in at Sharjah was a bit chaotic due to much luggage boarding the plane was guided by the station manager personally in Sharjah as there wasnt any seat allocation. They have an inflight magazine. During the 2hour flight to RIY a snack was served. Crew very nice on the return flight leaving SCT the captain even explained everything what was visible from the windows. The plane was in a good shape at least what was visible  clean and tidy.
  Because we missed our JFK connection our incoming flight was late, so China Airlines suspended our tickets. What is suspension? a normal person might ask. Suspension is a special thing China Airlines does. It freezes your ticket so that not even the airline that delayed you can rebook you. Then, China Airlines office doesnt open till 12 noon. This was sad news at 2am at JFK. When they did open, they did not answer the phone  we were on hold for 2 hours 13 minutes before some Tool picked up to inform me that, because we failed to present ourselves, China Air was imposing a $150 per ticket fee to release the tickets. After over an hour and the usual escalation, the Tool gave me a phone number and email address to which JetBlue must present evidence that their flight was late so theyd release the tickets graciously without the fee, like any normal airline would any day. So, after 15 hours on nearly continuous phone calls in the airport, we got clearance to rebook, and Jet Blue put us on Cathay Pacific. Returning home, we checked our bags through to Orlando, knowing wed have to clear customs  recheck them in NY. Now China Airlines explained that they dont think they can get our bags from one terminal to the next within the next 9 hours for our next flight. And the food was ghastly to boot. Never, ever fly China Airlines.
  Had a flight snafu with Priceline and my original return flight was changed to an earlier time and I missed the email notification. When I showed up at Portland to board what I thought was a 155 flight I couldnt print my boarding pass, and worked with Will at assistance. He was absolutely fantastic and worked with me to get me on a later flight and back home the same day. Really appreciate the level of customer service.
  Sydney to Los Angeles via Nadi. Flight was delayed due to a problem with aircraft. They compensated on the stopover by putting us up in a nice hotel, room service meals included. The flight from Nadi to Los Angeles was the best ever, I was asked if I wanted a 4 seat row to myself when I already had a 3 seat to myself. Best sleep ever on a plane. Very happy with the level of service!
First time on Nok Air as normally take Airasia for domestic travel in Thailand. Checkin was nightmare, as they did not have my prereserved seat in the emergency exit and tried to charge me 300THB  despite the fact I already paid this. Boarding from a remote stand through buses unlike other airline using an airbridge. Aircraft was tired, an ex Ryanair Boeing 737. Seat was uncomfortable and not a patch on AirAsia. You do get a complimentary cup cake as a snack. I will be using AirAsia for future domestic travel in Thailand.
  Very bad experience with Goair. I reached Goa airport on 1500 and My departure time was 1735 on 25th December 2019 from Goa to Delhi but flight was delayed 3 hours. When i ask around 2030 to departure, Goair replied that the flight will fly on 0045 on 26th December 2019 and they dont have any arrangement for waiting. Its very bad experience.
  No sympathy for a customer at all. I flew from Durban to Johannesburg had a layover of 2h 15mins before flying to Angola. I had a negative covid results from a government clinic, had sma confirming my results, only to be told that was not allowed. I had to call the lab to send me one with a QR code. While we were waiting for results, the boarding pass closed. Later i asked if they can assist they told me i was supposed to change dates an hour before, but they never suggested that to me, then when i emailed them later, they told me the staff suggested i change the dates and I refused.  I did admit I didnt know that covid results wasnt allowed, as at clinic they assured me it was ok. Customer care is worse. I wouldnt suggest anyone to fly with this airline. 
  After reading numerous bad reviews on here regarding Condor, I was a little unsure on how it was going to go  after it was a success I felt I should leave a positive one for anyone looking in the future. I am happy to say the flight was pleasant, the staff were very friendly and attentive during the flight. It looked to be an older aircraft so the seating and space was a little dated, however, everything worked as it should with no issues including the massage seat which was something I hadnt had on other airlines in business. They do have newer aircraft now I just happened to get an older one. Food was very good and well prepared. Drinks selection was plentiful and I enjoyed some really nice wine from a region I am very fond of in Portugal. Smooth flight and arrived as scheduled on time. My only note would be that the seat had something hard hidden underneath it which could be felt, I think it is the mechanism for the electric movement or one of the hinges. Maybe the foam was just a little worn so it was coming through slightly, not hugely noticeable but I did feel it. Overall for the massively discounted price in comparison to other airlines, it was very good.
  Never provided information that there was a plane change smaller aircraft until it was time to board. Then they managed to get us on board but didnt state that the same problems would exist at our first stop Orlando. They overbooked and had passengers from another flight waiting to board our flight. Why would an airline fly you out of your home airport and leave you stranded in another city purposely. Then they advised us to rent a car and it would be reimbursed. That was a complete lie. Customer service is absolutely horrible. And by the way I booked through United Airlines and was told the flight would be serviced by Silver
SOFLHR on A319. Flight ontime sandwiches good and had separate vegetarian option choice and quality of drinks good and staff polite and efficient. No complaints at all and would definitely fly with Bulgaria Air again.
  Its our first time booking an all round trip with Kenya Airways, our journey to Nairobi and Johannesburg was outstanding, we thought that was all until we experienced a hospitality at its very best when we were returning from Johannesburg to Nairobi and Nairobi to Lagos. Kudos to the pilots in KQ766, very professional in dealings with turbulent, as a flight simulator gamer, I could feel the way the plane was calmed. We connected to KQ532 to Lagos at past 8am on the 12th of June, the hospitality gestures given by the air hostesses was superb and second to none. It is very usual for air hostesses to see and treat you as guests but its unusual to see them treat to as family. We felt welcomed like home away from home. Bevlyne, one of the hostesses in KQ532, very friendly, calm, jovial and quick to response to passengers request. These trips is unforgettable and forever worthwhile. Will love to travel via Kenya Airways again and again, truly its the pride of Africa.
Food highly edible and service was perfect. Wine very good. The only disappointment was that the Qantas Business Lounge was dreadful. Everyone spoke English although French was preferred. There was no PTV which was disappointing.
  The first flight was over two hours late, getting to our destination. On the way back home., the flight was two hours late departed the gate again. Where I was finding out about the rescheduling, the girl at the desk was very rude, and did not seem to know what she was talking about. When we got on the flight, everything seemed Okay, to about the halfway point to our destination. Then the power came. The intercom said that if the disability was too bad too land, then, the plane would have to turn around and head to Tampa. As we arrived into Tallahassee, they started to descend the aircraft. Then all of a sudden they brought the aircraft back up again in a very jerking movement. Then they got back on the intercom and said that the plane would be diverted back to Tampa. Then I asked flight attendant, would they arrange hotel accommodations for everybody since we had to turn around? She said they would take care of the hotel combinations and then get everybody back on the plane, for the next day. As we arrived in Tampa pilot got back on the intercom, and made the announcement that the plane would leave you in Tampa, then head back to Fort Lauderdale. I asked the pilot and another flight attendant about the hotel accommodations, and they said that, they will not be responsible for hotel accommodations or to arrange for the return home flight. We would have to make all the accommodations ourselves. Those who want to get off in Tampa when they were refueling, would go ahead and get off the plane. And those who wanted to go back to Fort Lauderdale, would just stay on the plane. There were other major problems problems when we arrived inside the building. The ground crew told us, that we had three choices to make. Either get back on the plane and go to Fort Lauderdale. Or we stay in Tampa, and take our chances and fly out the next day on a flight that could only seat 56 people and they were already at least 30 people who decided to get off the flight. And, the last choice was., go back inside and go to the desk and request a refund for the meaning of the trip. They said, if you purchased your ticket through a website that was not the airlines website, then they would put a reference on your account, so is the agency where you bought your ticket from, can see it, and they can apply the refund. Once we got inside, we were told that those who bought tickets off of another website, would not get a reference on our account for them. Every bit of information that weve been told, what is wrong. They have no idea what theyre doing as a company they should not even be in business. Weve also had other problems with the company in other areas that they told me something and it was the wrong information also. Itll be the last time I ever step foot on their aircraft again. I would never recommend this company.
 Larnaca to London Heathrow via Athens. Efficient, friendly service. Checkin at Larnaca was efficient and quick and all docs were checked with professionalism. Bags tagged all the way to Heathrow and boarding passes were given for both flights. Perfect onboard service, as always, for both flights. Would highly recommend this airline and would definitely choose them as my first choice when booking even if this involves a transfer at Athens International Airport. Well done Aegean Airlines.
My wife and I flew in Dec 03 and returned Jan 04 for our first time to Lima Peru. I flew Delta to Atlanta and Atlanta to Miami where the good and bad started. Anyways I arrived in Miami at 1030 pm. No one even at Lan Peru when I called the day before told me that the check in closed at 11pm. Needless to say by the time I got off the plane and arrived at the other end of the airport to check in it was 1110 and no one was there. About 25 minutes later I found someone that told me I had to go to where the plane was boarding which I eventually found since the gate had moved from what security had told me. I met there the baggage screeners and the most insincere rudest 20 something year old employee I have ever witnessed. I should have noted her name but she informed me she had already closed the counter and was who I would have saw If I would have got to to check in on time. She told me she could not help me because she might miss her flight and told me to just sit and wait until tomorrow. I asked what time to which she replied sometime after 8am. I asked when she thought the next flight to Lima might leave and she said she didnt know that I would have to figure that out myself since she didnt have a computer to which she promptly grabbed her purse and walked off!!! This to the complete amazement of the 4 baggage screeners there who all siad they could not believe her that she could have at least called someone. Now all of this was at 1130pm. 35 minutes before the plane was supposed to leave. I walked off and about 10 minutes later I heard a baggage screener yelling and running at me. He had with him another young girl that had worked at the check in counter also and she said she would do everything she could to help me. I was so relieved since the same thing happened to my wife and she was stuck there for 14 hours two weeks before. The young girl called on her radio to someone I had no bags to check and a few minutes later I was scrambling to get through the baggage screeners. We ran and we ran and we ran for at least 10 minutes. When we got to the gate they reopened the concourse and the airplane door and I ran in. She even called ahead and had them make sure my bags were on the plane while we ran!! I wished so much I could express just how much she had and was willing to help me. After my experience with the other girl and her completely not caring I dont think I would have flown this airline again. I will remember next time to take down names especially of those who are so motivated cordial and caring of those they provide services for. Aside from this the flight was exceptional. All the TVs on the headrests not having to pay for headphones and the little pillows and blankets. Thanks for the superb help by the young lady and the wonderful in flight time I had.
  Marrakesh to London. I had read some pretty bad reviews about Air Arabia however, I was pleasantly surprised. The was an issue regarding checking in  we were unable to check in online but had no problem checking in at the airport. The flight was on time, the staff pleasant and we arrived 20 min ahead of schedule. The was plenty of leg room and I would fly again with Air Arabia.
Flown a few times from LCYMAN in the last couple of months. Service has always been great  easy check in easy onto the plane and great service once airborne. Only downside is the walk you then have through terminal 3 at MAN as the plane parks infront of T1. Flights always depart on time and usually a few minutes early into MAN. Prices invariably cheaper than travelling Virgin trains and on a Sunday the time comparison 1 hour as compared to 4 makes it all worthwhile.
 Worst flight Ive ever been on, abysmal start of a vacation. I dont think the point of a budget airline is to absolutely humiliate and treat passengers like animals. To start off, our flight was delayed an unacceptable 4 hours at the gate without any explanation and it is still not clear why it got delayed. To top things off, when they let us into the plane, they told us to expect an additional hour of delay in the plane, seated in the most uncomfortable seats, and now one hour has passed with no news as to why all the delaying.
 Brussels Airlines is very similar to Austrian Airlines slimline seats, buy on board catering but having the benefit of flying to major cities. Anything else is just subpar. Staff were friendly and the food wasnt bad actually.
  I am writing this on behalf of my wife and her three month battle with British Airways. On January 22, 2017 my wife and her sister were scheduled to return home from Paris Orly to New York JFK on Air France flight 0032 after attending a family funeral in France. Air France cancelled that flight 2 hours before its scheduled departure and offered no options other than to book passengers on a flight the following day. They needed to return to New York on January 22, so they walked over to the British Airways counter at Paris Orly and bought 2 tickets for Openskies flight BA 8005 from Paris Orly to New York JFK. They were prepared to buy 2 oneway tickets since they only needed to travel from Paris to New York, but the ticket sales agent at the British Airways ticket sales desk recommended that they buy roundtrip tickets instead, promising that they could easily get a refund for the second leg of the round trip by simply cancelling it at British Airways.com on their return to New York because the tickets were fully refundable premium economy tickets. The agent told them that purchasing round trip tickets and getting a refund for the second leg would be cheaper than buying oneway tickets. What happened afterwards was a nightmare. When they returned to New York and tried to do as they had been instructed, the British Airways website said would not allow them to cancel online and would they would have to call customer service. What followed was a travesty. My wife had multiple calls with British Airways customer service each time with a different person and was told who told me that the second leg of the tickets the agent had sold them were nonrefundable, although the first leg of the tickets was fully flexible. She explained to them each time that that they would have had no need for any flexibility on the first leg since they were standing at the ticket counter at the airport getting on a flight that was to leave in 45 minutes. She also explained that the sales agent knew that they needed flexibility on the second leg of the trip which since the agent knew they fully intended to cancel. Indeed, knowing that he was selling them fully refundable tickets, the agent randomly selected a travel date for the second leg of the trip February 20, 2017 without consulting them. As it happens, he selected a date on which my wife would not even be in New York to get on that flight because she would be out of the country on that date. In the following two months it has been a continuous back and forth correspondence with British Airways customer service culminating in two letters which basically stated that British Airways did not believe my wife and her sister, and saying there would be no refund and no more correspondence. My wife just wanted to move on and let this go, but after watching this on the sideline for the past two months not to mention being stuck with almost $2,000 in non refundable tickets, I felt I have to post this on her behalf. British Airways should be ashamed of themselves. 
 KULNRTIAD, Premium Economy service. There were multiple emails from ANA prior to travelling leaving instructions on what to do during travel in the Covid era. Some of these instructions are hard to follow and complicating. At KLIA, no dedicated checkin counter but joint checkin with Economy. Checkin staff were good, efficient and handled things without too many issues, lounge access at MH golden lounge which was fine. The ANA lounge at Narita was very busy and had inadequate toilets and seating areas. On boarding, no preferential boarding with PE unlike when I travelled with them 3 years ago. ANA board in groups and the boarding process in KLIA is poor with instructions from the gate staff which cannot be understood. On board, FAs were fantastic, they were attentive and proactive. No noise cancelling headphones on KLNRT sector but they were offered on NRTIAD flight. Where ANA falls short is in the meal service. Their meals are small in size and for a 12 hour flight between NRTIAD, the quantity of food served is inadequate. The food is reasonable tasty but generally noting to shout home about. The cabin was kept clean throughout and toilets were immaculate. The IFA was mediocre. No TV shows, just movies. The seats are starting to show their age but they were comfortable. The leg rest was useless as it didnt offer much support and the buttons used to operate the recline and leg rest were stiff and hard to press. Overall, the flight is good value for money but catering needs to be improved.
  Came back home from TLV to Chicago via Madrid. It was a surprising experience, which was mixed. Queue at Bengurion airport for pre checkin security screening was insane, almost 2 hours. Then at checkin they let us know we needed a mask and we were downgraded to premium economy due to an aircraft switch from Iberia to Level. Bearing in mind Lufthansa and KLM have A320 on this route, I do not see that as an issue, especially since I was travelling on mileage. She apologized. Had to stop at the duty free to buy a mask. Skipped the lounge as I went straight to gate for boarding. The seat was not that bad, predeparture drink. Staff really courteous. Meal ok. The staff was available for request, and the in flight entertainment was ok. Remote stand. Off boarding was delayed, because there was a passenger who was extradited to Spain who had to be off boarded first, which caused delays. Security screening in Madrid efficient. Getting to the S gates was ok got into the lounge. Very good lounge, better than Lufthansa with good food selection decent drink choices. Crowded but not too bad. Boarding efficient. Staff on board excellent. The purser was really lovely very friendly. He was originally from Britain and he really cared. The crew with him was a mix of senior and less senior and they were professional. Not over intrusive. Excellent meal service. Excellent wine list. Sleeping and resting was comfortable. Landing at OHare long walk to immigration. Not long queue, one of the luggage did not make it. For Iberias defence there was a lady from Iberia at the baggage carousel who gave me a form to fill. Got notified 2 days later that my bag will arrive to Chicago and on Monday 11 received the bag at home. Not sure why it took 5 days to deliver, but that was really the spoiler in otherwise a very positive experience. Would give them a try again.
  Excellent experience, all around. Departure at the little airport was so easy, just three people on line for security, so easy and so fast to the gate. The price can not be beat. Gate staff and the flight attendant five stars all around. I had to cancel my return flight and it was extremely easy to reach them by phone to cancel it for a full credit just 36 hours before the flight. My traveling companion had to cancel the bag she prepaid to bring on the plane and it was very easy for her to cancel over the phone for a full credit.
  Moscow to Minsk with Belavia was awful! The flight was delayed for unknown reasons almost 3 hours. The type of aircraft was changed. The plane was supposed to be a Boeing but it was a terrible and extremely old Tupolev. Service onboard the aircraft was awful. Flight attendants make a bad impression. 
  Beijing to San Jose. This was my first trip with Hainan Airlines and I can give it 5 stars for its in flight service. The preflight issues were awful and online check in was impossible. The airport check in left a lot to be desired. We boarded to a remote stand by separate bus for business class but boarded together with the crowd. Onboard it was a different experience. The seats were herringbone type which were spacious. The crew were very nice and the menu was excellent. For me it was a treat actually to see no pork items in it. It was like dining in a high class Chinese restaurant at 35000 feet. They offered pyjamas even for us. There was no WiFi but the IE was very good. The toilets were spotless and we landed in San Jose which is a wonderful small airport to arrive into USA from an international flight and avoid the horrors of JFK or LAX. Overall I would love to fly again with it mainly for its inflight service.
 Melbourne to Perth with Tigerair. Terrible flight, every time I have flown with them it is delayed. No food menu as they are changing it so you have to bring your own. 100 not worth the money and would not recommend.
  Nothing to write home about. Seats were a bit cramped, food tasted bland, no free alcoholic beverages on my flight which I had previously assumed was standard on trans Atlantic flights but maybe I am mistaken. FAs were helpful but firm, IFE options left some to be desired. We got these tickets for $400 less than the closest competitor however, so I suppose we definitely got what we paid for. Dublin airport transfer was painless and second leg Dublin to Paris was a short breeze.
  Thanks to Jet Blue for the worst travel experience my family and I have ever had. Our flight was supposed to be about 2 12 hours from Seattle to LAX. After arriving at our gate we learned that our flight had been delayed by 2 hours. Ok, no big deal. Then another 2 hours, and then again and again. Our flight was delayed for more than 10 hours. After speaking to the gate agent 2 different times, we, and everyone else were told the plane had a mechanical issue and would arrive asap. Everyone was also told they would be issued a $200 credit for the delay per Jet Blue policy. The gate agent said we would receive an email regarding this credit. Nobody was happy about the delay, but at least we would be compensated, or so we thought. After several days without an email about the credit we were promised I called Jet Blue customer service. I was told that we were not entitled to any compensation because our 10 hour delay was weather related. How convenient. Their compensation policy doesnt cover weather delays. I already knew weather delays werent covered after reading their policy during our delay. I asked where the plane was coming from and they said LAX. What weather delays does LAX have in July? I explained to them that a result of this delay my family lost an entire day of our vacation and lost our car rental since we arrived after hours. Why do Jet Blue gate agents tell us all it was a mechanical issue with the plane covered under their compensation policy and promise everyone compensation, then Jet Blue doesnt follow through? Sounds like a bait and switch. Customer service offered us a $75 credit to each of us as a courtesy. I declined the credit because this isnt about a dollar amount for me. This is about a company following through with what it promises its customers. After sharing this story with a friend, they explained that they had a similar experience with Jet Blue. Maybe its Jet Blues policy to lie to its customers. As a result of this, my family will never travel with JetBlue again. I would rather pay more to fly with a different airline than to give them our business again.
  Real good chance youre gonna get burned by this airline I would stay far away. I waited a couple of months for airline fees to go down and get a round trip with them from San Antonio to Huatulco Mexico for $475. when I went to check in to start the trip they wanted to charge me 15 bucks to print a ticket since I hadnt done it online. that was an omen. Then on the plane you find out theyre charging you for the little bag of peanuts and a soda. Made it down there OK and when it was time to return to San Antonio I I found out they oversold the flight and I couldnt get on and they wouldnt do anything about it at all it was horrible. Their solution was to send me down the counter to Aeromexico and I had to pay them 300 bucks to get to Mexico City before I got back on Volaris to go to San Antonio. But I had to do that when you have people watching your house and your pets you cant get back one or two days later when they have to be at work and school. I couldve just spent $800 and gone with a class carrier like Aeromexico in the first place. A really stressful situation and horrible and being down there in a different country there was nothing I can do about it except pay more to Aeromexico to get back in time. Take my advice and stay away from Volaris its only a matter time youll get burned by them. Just go with a better airline like Aeromexico or whoever you choose that wont charge you for tickets at the counter and peanuts and sodas on the plane and leave you stranded.
 Never ever again! After having 2 bad experiences I was giving it another chance after years. That was a huge mistake. Im travelling a lot and Iberia is an absolute nightmare.
 Usually I can take a carry on and did on my way to Florida but on the way back they charged me for my carryon and told me only backpacks were allowed. Then when I went to pay they said they couldnt take cash it had to be a card. Ive never been treated so badly at the stand. They didnt help guide anyone and when booking the flight months earlier they didnt prewarn anyone this would happen. The staff on the way back were rude. Totally different then my flight there they helped when not sure where to go and did not charge me for my carry on which was 45 dollars I think they were just being greedy on the way back.
  American has quite simply taken the throne as the worst airline imaginable. Where do I even start? We board in Phoenix, AZ in June when it is 110 degrees outside and the plane is a literal sauna. Apparently the ac wasnt connected. We then sit on the tarmac for an extra 2530 minutes sweating profusely in the most uncomfortable situation. In the air, the outstandingly horrible display of an airline continued. I paid $40 for Wifi for the flight to watch the Us open golf tournament and in the least surprising news of the century  the wifi was broken for more than 75 of the flight. The cherry on top was the flight attendants ridiculous behavior. When asking for garbage I handed the man my sprite can and the cup. He only grabbed the can and the cup spilled on a passenger at the end of the row. They are having an exclusive discount on a Mastercard for 70,000 miles? What a joke. The attendants were loud on the speaker talking for at least 20 minutes trying to push this deal before the end of the month. Grand finale? They had interns on the flight deck at JFK and they moved the plane to far forward. We sat at the gate for 45 minutes before being able to get off the plane at 12 in the morning. If you offered me free flights for life on American I would say no thank you disgusting display of professionalism worst airline imaginable. Should definitely take your business elsewhere
 I had an issue when I booked my tickets, payment error and I managed to double book. After calling the support on phone, they were very helpful and solved my issue right away. They refunded my second booking from the double booking without my request and the amount was on my account in 2 or 3 days. They were fast and kind and helpful. The agent which sadly I forgot the name as I was in a hurry was amazing. The flights were on time, I had a transfer, clean aircraft and the flight attendants were attentive and helpful. I can strongly recommend this airline even though its a low cost one.
 Asturias to Mlaga. I use this airline frequently. What I like most is the price and the local destinations. Although its a lowcost company, its benefits are much better than others of the same condition. Their baggage policy is much more flexible than others. I certainly choose it as the first option.
  Newark to Tel Aviv in June 2018 and return in August 2018 on the Boeing 787. Checkin at EWR was smooth after the compulsory security interrogation I strongly recommended one arrives 3 hours if flying El Al in order to complete the checkin process. My interrogation lasted 10 minutes and it helped I was traveling with a group to Israel. Everything on the plane both ways looked brand new and the IFE was fantastic and stateoftheart. Flight attendants were friendly and attentive and responded quickly to call button requests. Food two meals on both flights were edible and alright chose the chicken dish on both legs and it was alright. Dairybreakfast meal was a choice of blintzes or an omelet on both flights as well. Chose the blintzes both times  they were nothing special but I was full from the previous meal. Checkin at Tel Aviv once past the initial security interrogation was fairly quick. My seat was assigned at the gate although they termed it as standby, which makes me wonder if they didnt expect me to be on the plane due to extra security searches of my bags? I can only guess that. At the TLV gate, approached the desk to get a seat assignment as the flight was boarding. The first lady I approached hardly looked at the computer and my ticket and said it wasnt ready. I waited 15 minutes and without any announcement coming about standby passengers, I approached a different gate agent who promptly assigned me a seat. They could not fulfill my request for an aisle seat but the gate agent was gracious with his apology. On the return flight, I was seated next to an unaccompanied minor and the flight attendant was very attentive toward him, asking how he was and if he needed anything during the flight. El Al does have online checkin but its useless if you are checking bags or have to go through extra security procedures. Overall, however the experience on the 787 was great and I did not mind the extra security situations that come with flying El Al. That said, Im not sure if Id want to fly on them on some of the older aircraft.
  Flew with Azerbaijan Airlines from Moscow to Baku and continued to Tbilisi.  I had high expectations based on previous reviews. They were all met and exceeded. I had to call to AZAL office in Moscow to sort out a problem, which was resolved quickly and friendly by AZAL. At Moscow Vnukovo airport checkin staff gave tips how to pack luggage to minimize the excess baggage fee by using twothree items become onemethod in packing service. Ticket desk lady of AZAL taking the excess fee was also friendly. The cabin crew was great, well groomed and cheerful. All spoke Azeri, Russian and English. Seats in economy class were wide and comfortable, seat pitch great I am 195 cm. Punctual departure. Inflight entertainment had common TVscreens and additional selection of music channels. Earphones were provided. I liked their service concept. Free delicious Azeristyle hot meals with spices, salad and dessert, and beverages. Cabin crew was generous, proactive and were present in the cabin. Because the flight was operated as lowcost brand AZAL has not experienced real lowcost passengers had opportunity to buy Azeri wines, spirits and snacks for low prices 12€. Luggage was on the belt when we came to arrival hall. Baku Heydar Aliev Airport is superb  facilities are great. I have never seen an airline having so many staff at the airport as AZAL. Again checkin lady advised how to make excess baggage fee less. Nice and cheap Azeri tea ceremony at airport caf. Boarding 45 minutes before departure, aircraft again comfortable. Inflight service same  free meals and beverages. 
  JFK New York to Naples, Italy return, operated by Air Italy. Lets start with our departure from JFK. No online check in available. I sent an email, no response. I called in, and a woman said I had to check in at the airport.  At JFK, Meridiana had one little line and no signs to help travelers. We paid for the extra comfort seating and the guy told us we didnt have to pay for the extra bag we brought. That was nice, as we hadnt anticipated that. He told us it was because we paid for the extra comfort seat. Now heres the sketchy part, we go to find our gate. Yellow paper signs were hung up with our flight info on it, but other than that nothing. We didnt actually HAVE a gate. None of the attendants in the airport knew anything about where were supposed to go. OUR flight was scheduled to depart at 7pm, and we were supposed to board at 645. We didnt board until 945. No one told us anything. We werent given any reason, despite the fact that the plane was sitting outside in our view. The plane was a was a rickety old thing from the 90s. No televisions they had the large general ones and they were cloudy so you couldnt see them, seats were small. Staff was reasonably accommodating, but they rarely brought something to drink, they were catering mostly to those in business. We had one disgusting meal. That flight left 3.5 hours late and landed in Naples. For our return, I wanted to try to upgrade to business. I sent an email asking  no response. I sent an email in Italian luckily Im fluent, and interestingly enough I got a response. No availability. So coming back, we had so much fun! Turns out we did have to pay for that extra bag, 90 euros, despite the extra comfort seats, and they wouldnt let us take our carry on bags, we had to check those as well. This wasnt even because they were overweight  the woman in Naples insisted they be checked. Once again, sketchy Meridiana had paper signs hanging up for their special line for security in the Naples airport. The gate changed three times. We had B10 written on our tickets, I walked a few feet looked up and it changed to B12, got to B12 and there was another passport control. I told the woman it kept changing and she said no it didnt, and I told her the flight and she said, oh yes it did. I understand that thats not the airlines fault, but one thing after another. Coming back to JFK, we left about a half hour late, which is not bad. Again, the flight was very uncomfortable. Staff wasnt that great. Bottom line  you get what you pay for. If you want to fly direct from JFK to Naples, it may be worth it. I will personally never use this airline again.
  Very good service, seat is okay. I cant make any remarks because its economy. Good staff and prompt. Airport staff at check in wonderful, kind and speedy, and 30kg checked in baggage  hand luggage.
  Given what other travelers suffered this same month, I suppose we didnt have it nearly as badly, it was just a bare bones airline that nickel  dimed you for everything from soda onboard to an added $25 fee per carryon luggage. First, we paid $50 for upgraded seats which unless you are very tall dont bother. You dont get priority boarding as promised, they boarded people with children or those who need more time first and apparently more than half the plane thought this was them. At that point the rest of the passengers lined up to board. This is not how other airlines manage boarding, they use zones. The same thing happened on the return flight, so again, not worth the upgrade. There is no inflight entertainment at all, we had to pay to upload movies onto our laptop, the food onboard is sparse and of low quality, it costs for even basic soda and drinks were pricier than Air Canada. Priority luggage is not a thing and Im furious we paid for it our luggage came off next to last and not together. The same thing happened on the way home. Our transfer from the hotel to the airport home never arrived, despite our hotel calling and texting them. We ended up paying 96USD for a cab and at the airport we heard the same situation happened for many other travellers who had to scramble and pay for their own rides. Sunwing didnt answer anyone who tried to reach out to inquire about where the transfers were and so far no one has responded to us about being refunded our cab fee. The airport was full of people who had no idea if their flights to get them were even coming and this is because Sunwing is not updating anyone, including the incoming airports. Even FlightAware wasnt updating, I had to go to the actual live radar app to find out if flights were coming, which means the airline itself has no clue where any of its aircraft are. So many angry frustrated passengers and it made for complete chaos in the Cancun airport, especially since all of the Sunwing flights fly out of the tiny basement area and not the spacious main area up top. This is the second time Ive flown with Sunwing and the last time they lost our luggage on a direct flight despite us getting to the airport 3 hrs early, We spent 24hrs without luggage. I dont care how much more it costs to use a competitor, we are never flying with Sunwing again.
  My flights were cancelled yet airbaltic wont refund the baggage fee is that not insane. I have filed a complaint with the Latvian Consumer Protection Agency Rule 261 provides for refunds for any flights that arrive into, travel through or depart Europe. On March 18, 2020 the European Union issued a clarification to Rule 261 reiterating that cancelled flights are eligible for refund to the original form of payment. To file a Rule 261 complaint you are directed to send an email to the countrys governing body for each airline or for the gateway or destination of your flight. 
  The worst airline I have ever flown with. I booked and paid a premium for seating in row seven. Online check in allocated the three of us row 25. I emailed Vistara three days prior to our departure explaining that when checking in online we had been allocated the incorrect seats. No response was received. Airport check in staff either couldnt or wouldnt correct the obvious error and didnt seem care even though one person in our group had mobility issues. There response was that they were only responsible for checking in and it wasnt their problem. So now I have to fill out paperwork to claim a refund for the seating I booked and paid for which was allocated to someone else. Also the people in row 24 were totally ignorant of normal polite inflight protocol and reclined their seats which affected the person in our group with the mobility issue. We asked them to be not recline their seats but all to no avail. Eventually after a vocal exchange with these people a flight attendant moved them to different seats. The whole experience was extremely disappointing and very unprofessional.
  Worst experience of all. When flying from Amsterdam to Berlin, there was more than 2 hours of delay but they did not give any compensation drink vouchers, which was stated in the Terms  Conditions. On my way back, there was another delay of an hour due to which was triggered by their technical fault. The cabin crews were extremely unfriendly  I will for sure say that I will never take EasyJet again. 
  The worst experience with an airline. I booked my ticket online. Even though I paid the fee for my luggage, I was told that I have to pay an extra 150 euros because my reservation did not match the reservation on their software. I have shown them the confirmation on my email where it was confirmed that I have already paid for my luggage, but the confirmation was not taken into account. Moreover, the personnel was very impolite. Never flying with this company again.
  My flight G82519 from New Delhi DEL to Nagpur NAG on 30062020 was cancelled by GoAir. I asked for a refund. But they havent replied yet. I even forwarded the email to the GoAir Nodal Officer but havent heard from them. They forwarded me a tax invoice and a credit note, I do not know what to do with it. They do not have even the basic courtesy of at least responding. I have been waiting for the last 10 days. I do not want a credit notevoucher, I just want my refund amount because the flight was cancelled at their end, they failed to provide me a service which they charged me for. 
I recently flew business class from London to Lagos and then on to Asaba. I hadnt previously heard of Arik usually preferring BA. However the Arik price was more than half the BA price and also had the guaranteed connections from Lagos. The business class product is impressive  the beds are better than BA and the cabin feels a lot more spacious including a bar where you can go to sit. The cabin crew were also very friendly. The internal flights were both delayed because of the weather  this was dealt with well by the Arik staff. Though the inflight entertainment is not too good and the customer service is not quite up to the BA  Virgin standard I was still impressed with Arik and would certainly fly with them again.
 Catastrophic experience with United July 8, our early morning flight to Denver delayed 2 hours due to unexpected security issue with plane. Plane was at the airport overnight not clear why United didnt check it until after everyone boarded. Understaffed! Missed our connecting flight DEN to PHL, then was rebooked to flight 8 hrs later, which was also delayed four more hours. Plane was at airport but no crew to fly it! One problem after another, dont fly this airline!! Very unprepared for summer travel!
Brussels to Casablanca on Jetairfly, and everything was great. The price wasnt too expensive, there were no delays and the staff were polite and professional. Only negative point is the leg space, but thats okay for less than 4 hours in my opinion. I will fly with them again.
  Smooth experience. The flight is on time and proper boarding announcements, seat comfort was moderate. The are no IFE but we can connect to wifi for entertainment  the movie collection can be improved as well as the connection. Good food as I book special meal on this flight. The cabin crew as at its best. 
BNEMKYBNE QantasLink Flights but Alliance Airlines operated the sectors I was on this week so the flight standard should be viewed in that respect. The FAs on the BrisbaneMackay run were not good one with a terrible attitude especially towards other crew members which was unfortunately easy to witness. However the return run from Mackay to Brisbane more than made up for the first leg due to exceptionally good cabin service including superb wines! and very good ontime performance in the quick and quiet F100s.
 I booked with Nok Air online for my business trip from Bangkok DMK to Chumphon CJM. Tax certificate can be easily requested online and delivered to my office even before my journey. Their website is user friendly, and I selected my preferred seat well in advance. On departure, I was informed that flight would be 50 minutes delayed with no further explanation. The aircraft was a 3 years old Dash 8 Q400, lovely livery but the sign of poor maintenance and improper cleaning are all over interior. Tray table cannot be used, worn out seat, dirty windows. A small bottle of water is served free of charge by a nice cabin crew. I bought a pack of snack which is nice. The return flight on ATR72 which is an even older aircraft. I had to move to a few vacant seats before finally finding one that can be kept upright. All in all, the experience is fair but I would prefer to fly other airlines if possible.
  Cochin to Bangkok. Departed Cochin airport on time. This time I booked their hot seat which was comfortable comparing to the standard seat. The pre booked meal was ok. Will fly again with Thai AirAsia in this sector.
  London Heathrow to Mauritius with Air Mauritius. Staff was helpful and friendly. Food was very average. Entertainment was very tragic. This route uses the old style entertainment system Which plays a set number of films on loop. Inflight entertainment system was old and not flexible and the screens were unclear. Bad quality monitors and headphones, nothing was to actually see and hear. The seat were uncomfortable, very little legroom. They lost my luggage, no one knew why or where it was, we waited 5 days for luggege without any information from the Air Mauritius what happened, when we could expect it . We got 2000MUR ca. 40 GBP as atonement, but it was enough only for a swimsuit and shampoo. We do not recommend this airline at all.
  JL68 on Dec 14, 2022  Best flight of my 4 SEAHAN  SGNSEA to Vietnam. I agree with another review that JAL serves good food exTokyo, but mediocre on other routes. Very satisfied with the excellent service and comfort on this trip, and I rate this carrier just as good as other 5 carrier that I have flown recently Asiana, EVA  Singapore. 
Dalian to Kuala Lumpur via Xiamen. I might have rated it more positively if this first time of mine to travel with them was a domestic flight. It felt like a domestic flight to me in all dimensions. You are not allowed to check in online or select seat before trip no matter how much you pay for the ticket. Whats worse the first segment domestic of the flight opens its checkin 1.5 hrs before it opens for intl passengers they can check in even earlier online so the 5 of us we were almost given seats far apart. When passing immigration at Dalian you felt it was quite informal. And then you pass a formal immigration at Xiamen again. Equipment was B738 what you may not expect to sit in for seven plus hours. Seat pitch was no different than any domestic. No PTV poor TV programme. Dinner was OK coming with bread pickled snack and fruit. Cabin crew not as good as they boasted themselves to be and did nothing to stop a Dalian tour group from talking the whole route and running up and down the cabin to annoy other passengers. This particular flight I took MF831 was not punctual as usual. I wouldnt recommend anyone to try Xiamen intl flight.
 Only flown with United twice, first time they lost my luggage and the second time my first flight was delayed over an hour causing me to miss my second flight and leaving me in Houston.
 You may see the odd positive review of people who were lucky enough to have nothing go wrong. This is a rare circumstance and you are more likely to lose money and gain a headache. I flew, or attempted to fly, from Calgary to St. Johns last week via Toronto. We started off with delays. Staff on the flight are mostly new and young. While theyre courteous enough they are also unprofessional taking selfies with each other throughout the flight, served water to each other prior to serving customers. We got all the way to above St. Johns and were told our flight could not land in St. Johns due to heavy fog therefore we were taken back to Toronto. Of note, many flights from other more reputable airlines landed just fine around the same time. Its also questionable why they took us back to Toronto when they have closer gates to land at, I assume this was due to not wanting their aircraft out of commission for other flights, easier to inconvenience us. We were told a gate agent would be waiting when we got back to advise us of hotel accommodations and food voucher arrangements. There was one agent waiting who had no info. She insisted we had all been sent emails with the info, despite us repeatedly stating we had not. When Lynx does not have flights scheduled they do not have staff in the airport therefore there was no one to assist us with anything. Our bags took 2 hours to get back off the plane, with mass confusion as to which carousel they would even come to. No emails ever came I was on a return flight the following week with passengers on this flight who confirmed they too received nothing. Lynx made no attempts to contact us to get us home, offer to rebook flights, etc. We spent hours and hours on hold and on phonesupport chat trying to get assistance. They could not fly us out until 6 days later which was too late for my travel partner so her whole trip was ruined. I flew out via Air Canada instead at my own expense but lost 3 days of the trips included money lost on car rental and accommodations. Customer service insisted their records show email notifications were sent out though I magically got all emails with my itineraries and flight delay notifications no problem. Im now back home and have submitted a complaint and request for reimbursement but Im not hopeful as emails I sent while in the midst of needing help in Toronto have yet to be responded to. Dont do it. The cheap fares will cost you more money once things inevitably go wrong and there is not even a baseline level of customer support to help you once they do. NEVER AGAIN.
We flew from Heathrow via San Paulo to Lima and returned via Madrid to Heathrow during a package holiday to Peru and I have to say having read some of the reviews that we had very pleasant flights. The planes seemed new to me were clean and comfortable and the food not bad for airline food. I was expecting the worse but all the tit bits I took just in case were not needed. We even had snacks on the internal flights and free drinks so cant complain. However I would advise taking your own supply of water as once dinner had been served and the lights dimmed for the over night flight we saw no sign of the cabin staff until breakfast. The staff never cracked a smile though I cant say they were unhelpful they just didnt seem particular keen and friendly. The only time we saw a smile is when they asked an elderly lady to move seats and then promptly sat an off duty air hostess in the vacated seat because there was an empty seat alongside! A lesson learned if Im asked to move seats I want to know why I wouldnt mind for a family to be together but not for cabin crew to have a better seat. Saying all that I would fly TAM again! I have certainly flown in better but I have also flown worse so if cost is an issue or its part of a holiday package then dont worry too much. Happily our luggage was fine by the way even though we had connecting flights. Once checked in at Heathrow and on our return at Lima we didnt see it again until the end of flights.
  I strongly recommend flying with a different airline if you have an infant. Emirates are not what they used to be and their customer care is horrific. I booked a bassinet for my baby which means booking a middle seat. I booked 3 months in advance so I had the pick of any seat, yet I checked the requirements for a bassinet and was confident I would be allowed one. Obviously for my baby to have a bassinet was more important than me having a comfortable seat so the sacrifice was made and I chose a seat with a bassinet. Upon boarding I was told my baby was too big for a bassinet. I told them she meets the height and weight requirements but they insisted she was too big. They told me if a baby is capable of reaching the bottom of the bassinet they could push out the press studs and collapse the bassinet, implying that only babies who dont move in their sleep are able to use a bassinet. This left me in complete distress knowing I had 15 hours ahead of me with my infant on my knee on a front row middle seat. I was in a fit of tears and the flight attendant said sorry theres nothing I can do. Our flight was at 9pm so I had already been awake all day and had no sleep the whole flight. I couldnt eat because the fold out tray from the chair arm wouldnt fit in front of me and my baby and the one time she was asleep my meal had two hairs in it. I was so upset I just gave them my tray back to which they huffed at me for having to take it when they werent ready and didnt eat for the journey. I then had a 3 hour wait in Dubai before another 7 hour flight. I asked if I could change this seat and they said no the flights was full which caused me to have a panic attack and almost faint after no food or sleep for a very long time. No one attended to me except one passenger and we had to get on the plane and sit in a middle seat for another 7 hours with no sleep. There was a nice attendant on the second flight who allowed me to stand up and eat a danish while my baby slept on my chair. Honestly if I could cancel my return flight and book with another airline I would. I will never ever fly with emirates again.
  Great punctuality. Very good protective  barrier measures make the passenger feel safe  good comfort level. Arrival process in Guangzhou managed very efficiently
I fly GatwickGuernseyAlderney or SouthamptonAlderney return about eight times a year. The service is excellent value for money considering the costs of operating old small planes always a friendly smile at Southampton and in Alderney. More a community bus service than an airline except the new Embraer 195 used on GatwickGuernsey is very sleek and professional. You spend longer waiting for bags at Gatwick sometimes than actually in the air  so tend to stick to Southampton plane to train personal best so far at 3 minutes 40 seconds. Fantastic.
  Online check in through the app very good. Luggage drop off in Athens, was a biut chaotic as there were a lot of people with excessive luggage on the counter line. The agents were very good though. The 1st flight was delayed more than an hour, however as I had almost 5 hours stopover in Addis Ababa, this was not a problem. The flight was coming from Moscow and the majority of the passengers were from Russia. Almost full, however noone next to me. Comfortable aircraft and seat and good food service hot tasty meal. Cabin crew wear traditional Ethiopian dresses, which looks very nice and they are polite and nice, although strict regarding the wearing of masks which they should be. Addis Ababa is a big hub, very busy in the morning that we arrived although during covid times. A lot of aircraft arrive at the same time and many passengers have to catch connecting flights, this was done efficiently though. The airport is not particularly luxurious or extra comfortable, however not bad either. Would have preferred a shorter connection, however I knew about it when I booked it. The 2nd flight was on time, uneventful, another nice warm meal in a 2 hour flight. Landing smooth and collected luggage pretty quickly. This airline seems to do a very good job, is the leader in African aviation and competes well all major carriers  seems that they directly compete the Gulf carriers on many routes pretty well.
  The cabin crew were amazing. They really took control of the cabin and looked after all the passengers. The thing Ive never seen is how they controlled the disembarking of the plane, ensuring specific rows would get up in an orderly fashion. Ive flown Kulula for over a decade and theyve really upped their game!
  I booked a flight with Expedia for my son to come home for his grandfathers funeral. The flight out was with American Airlines. The return leg was Sun Country. Americans flight out was delayed to the next day. He was flying from San Diego to Indy. Due to the delay, he was now going to miss the funeral. We then canceled the flight since he was going to miss the entire funeral mass. American Airlines refunded the flight out but Sun Country stated they have no refund policy with canceled flights. Our intention was for my son to come to his Grandfathers funeral. I sent Sun Country the funeral info. They still refused and would not give me a credit. I will never book with an airline that operates their business in this way. Expedia did finally give me a credit after hours of calls and being on hold.
 Santa Marta to Bogota. Really do not fly with this airline, as a regular flyer I can tell you they are so bad and rude from ground staff to cabin, and as others have said charge for everything as extras even tried to charge for my partners hand bag. I end up paying extra to sit with my partner as the computer put us in different seats and told if we changed on the plane we would be charged. As it was, once on the plane everyone moved around to different seats without paying, if you work out the extras its better to fly with Avianca.
  Madrid to Krakow. Poor business class service for the money paid. I upgraded to business class cabin on my flight to get more comfort and more space. The boarding service in Madrid was confusing with various lines. Upon boarding  I was offered an orange juice.The seat is not very comfortable and did not recline. The meal was bad  I received cheese, crackers, Oliver, piece of chorizo, some potatoes and grapefruit. For a business class experience this was below par. The flight attendant was nice and was the best part of the trip. She returned the bag I left on the aircraft and ran after me to give it back. Very nice. The toilet was quite dirty and there was no soap left.  All in all not worth the upgrade, food needs improvement and the cleanliness levels need to get better.
  I flew Nature Air less than 2 weeks ago one way only, from San Jose to Drake Bay. I was lucky not to have any issues with the timing of the flight, nor did I need any assistance. I do not know how that would have gone, but my flight was competently executed, enjoyable and quick. There were 7 passengers, if I remember correctly, and 2 pilots on a small Cessna. It was the first time I ever sat on one, but everything went so smoothly that everyone on the plane spent the short flight taking photos and making videos of the spectacular scenery below. We landed on a jungle strip, which has been paved recently, we learned. There were some private taxis waiting to transport us further in Corcovado. I could not have desired a smoother and more beautiful flight. It was far from cheap but saved me hours of trouble on buses and boats.
  Santa Marta to Bogota. VivaColombia try to charge you more money for everything that is possible. For example, if dont print your ticket they will charge you for it. If you dont have to fly with them, stay away!
  Brunei to Kuala Lumpur. My seat at 43A, IFE not working, shortly all aircraft doors disarmed, I ask a female cabin crew if she can reboot my IFE. Inflight Entertainment System. She said later and walk straight away. 10 minutes after airborne, i ask her again if she has already done the restart, she looked  lost and said she is doing it now. another 10 minutes gone, i approached a senior cabin crew and I ask her if I can switch my seat to the front as the back rows were full and  told her my situation with the IFE. She is very reluctant to answer me that the front first three row which is identical size to my seat but were reserved seat options were for paying customer only. I told her if she can do anything for my as my IFE is not working. She said she will reboot the system. few minutes later, they start the inflight meal service. Crew were very busy doing meal services, so i just not be bothering asking anyone of them again. 15 minutes before touching down, iI went to the lavatory and saw the same crew again and I told her my IFE still not working. Without hesitation, she answered I have restart the system, if the system not responding, there is nothing I can do. A very disappointed cabin services.
  I bought the tickets without reading any reviews, and so i was a little nervous after I had. I was extremely impressed after my four flights with Viva. The airfare was really affordable, the staff was great, all the planes were new and very clean, and we only had one small delay, we were a half hour late returning to Chicago but that is to be expected with any airline when flying in and out of Chicago in the winter. I plan on flying with Viva when we return next year.
  My fiance and family had booked a flight with trip insurance for our wedding which was going to happen in Mexico. We showed up at the airport ready to go and they told us the flight was cancelled. We didnt receive any phone calls, emails, or texts about the flight being cancelled but just the airport told us when we got there. The next day we were on the phone arguing for about 2 hours and then we were told we would receive a full refund in 810 weeks for the cancelled flight. Just yesterday we received an email that Interjet denied our request to process a refund for the nonrefundable tickets since it does not meet the current refund exception policy. I am just frustrated by the lack of communication with the cancelled flight, the back and forth conflicting information regarding the refund, the useless trip insurance, and paying over $1500 to Interjet for doing absolutely nothing.
  Jakarta to Manado, the flight was on time. Flight attendants provide good service. during the trip, the media presented quite well. The food served is also varied, with characteristic flavor. All passengers are well served even though the ticket price is not too expensive.
  Chengdu to Singapore. Absolutely the worst business class seat I have  experienced. The width of the 2x2 first 3 rows is acceptable, but the legroom is absolutely appalling  less even than I would expect in a normal premium economy seat. Plus limited recline, circa 30 degrees from vertical, upon which when the person in the seat in front of you is reclined you have even less space to maneuver in and out and are pretty much forced to recline yourself to retain a semblance of spacing. Added to which the seat controls for recline, footrest, lumber massage are really stiff mechanical levers. For a brand new plane absolutely abysmal! There is  no in flight entertainment in the seat backs. In business one is issued with an iPad which can stream movies etc. through the Silk Air WiFi. This does not support Internet connectivity, only the IFE. If you want to use your own device you need to have previously installed the Silk Air app from the app store  something nobody tells you before you board. In the cramped seat space there is very little place to put the iPad, even on the little plastic prop available on request, so one ends up holding it whilst also trying to juggle a meal or whatever. No noise cancelling headphones, just cheap inear buds, so I plugged my own noise cancellers in to the iPad. No capability to connect via Bluetooth of course. I found it impossible to doze on the 4.5 hours midnight flight so tried to pass the time with the limited selection of English language films on the iPad. Literally the only redeeming feature of the whole miserable experience was the cabin crew who try their best to give high quality and attentive service. I feel sorry for them having to pretend that they represent a proper business class operation, which this manifestly is not.
  The cabin crew were amazing, the food portions were very small for someone 62 but okay. The in flight entertainment was rubbish. Arrival at Haneda, had to walk miles to get to the lounge. Food in the lounge awful, drinks only open from 11 am to 8pm, and we had connected flight next morning at around 11am. Lounge closed at 11pm and 12 business class passengers had to sleep in the airport.
  Chennai to Madurai with Air Pegasus. Worst customer service and experience. The flight was canceled at last minute after reaching airport in the name of technical failure. When enquirying about some back up plan and penalty, I experienced the worst customer service. 
  Avoid AF if at all possible. Arrogant  rude cabin crew and the worst food Ive ever received in the class of flight. Starting point was the cabin wasnt fully ready even when the aircraft doors were closed ready for push back. Finally offered a welcome drink and I requested a Perrier Water but it never arrived and was later informed that, on the French national carrier, there wasnt any. Dinner arrived and was so poor in terms of quality that I opted for some packet biscuits  chocolate. Wouldnt have said no to some crisps but guess what  there were none. Took for ever to get a cup of mint tea after the dinner service as all bar one of the crew disappeared. The best that can be said about the breakfast meal is that at least the fruit was edible  just. At least the seat became a full flat bed but my advice is avoid Air France.
 This was an unexpected surprise due to my family thinking that we were going to fly Ryanair, however in my opinion it was a pleasant surprise. I have a really bad fear of flying so an incredibly nice cabin crew member sat next to me and told me that she loved flying and how long she had done it for and how safe it was. She also said that she really enjoyed flying and the turbulence was enjoyable. The seats were nice and the crew was amazing. I didnt get any food but I loved this low cost airline.
 Our ticket was from Beijing to Delhi, flt no MU563 dated 28 April 19. We checked in at Beijing, counter staff couldnt tell us whether flt to Delhi via Shanghai was on the same aircraft or a change at Shanghai was needed. Single Boarding pass was given from Beijing to Delhi with seat nos. My seat no was 38H. Aircraft at Beijing itself was delayed by 2 hours, however, no proper intimation given to passengers. Language was another problem at Beijing airport. On boarding, none of the cabin crew could clarify whether we remain in the same aircraft on landing at Shanghai or deboard and change the aircraft. At Shanghai when aircraft was almost empty, we were asked to deboard without further directions. On arrival at Shanghai terminal, we were at loss for some time as no airline staff were available to direct Delhi passengers. Wheelchair passengers and senior citizens faced special problem. After 30 minutes, seeing large number of people asking about Delhi flight, one airline staff appeared, probably on pressure from airport security. The staff herded us to various counters of immigration and full security checks again. We had to run at every counter to catch the flight. Things could have been well handled airline by making proper announcements at Beijing airport, in aircraft and at Shanghai airport. China Eastern Airlines should take corrective measures in future.
  We flew to Tashkent on 11 October 2016 from London. This was a night flight of 7.5 hours and we wanted to sleep but it was not to be! This was an ancient plane whose business class seats reclined only a few degrees, it was 2x2 seating, did not taste the food as wanted to sleep. Tablets with pre loaded entertainment was offered. I dont understand why such ancient planes are used on such a route, they have Boeing 787 but these are not thought to be worthy of this route. The washrooms were sparsely equipped. A very uncomfortable sleepless night flight?
  Newark to Paris. As a result of the delays in receiving their A321LR aircraft Premera air contracted EuroAtlantic to fly the Newark ParisCDG route.The check in took about 45 mins as it was a full flight. It took about 40 mins to get through security at Newark due to the lack of TSA staff and screening equipment.The seats were comfortable ahd a personal TV screen in each seat which had a limited selection of films and TV shows. There was also a USB port to charge personal devices, There were no headphones offered on board luckily we had our own set. The scheduled flight time was 6 hrs 25 mins we took off about 30 mins late but we managed to arrive on time into CDG. The EuroAtlantic staff were friendly and attentive and looked after the passengers on the flight. Meals and drinks were provided to those passengers who booked their meals through the Primera air website. Overall this flight was great value for money.
 Such a shameless worst service I have ever taken. I have chosen Buddha Air 3 times up to now and Buddha Air is always delayed. 1.5 hrs delayed and they kept us inside the bus for the whole 1.5 hrs in this heat. They said they were maintaining the tire first and they said their airplanes door needed maintenance again. February 2, 2023 is going to be my last flight with Buddha Air. Worst service and worst passenger handling. The crew members dont even know how to handle the crowd. Buddha Air  never again.
TAM administration is a disaster took 3 weeks to establish what a schedule change was because the phone number provided is for LAN who must raise a file number to any TAM query and revert at their leisure. I am a OneWorld Emerald card holder  TAM do not, despite what their website says and what One World rules say, acknowledge fast track departures. At Madrid people were being processed at fast Track, I had walk all the way back to join a very crowded general line. They do not extend extra baggage allowance beyond 2 pieces 23kg each. These gifts are only for TAM privileges on their own card system. Onboard the flights TAM were very charming and efficient. Some of the nicest flight attendants around. Boeing 767 has flat seats, not overly comfortable in bed position thin blanket and pillow too but a nice roomy and accommodating cabin. Pretty good selection of movies on demand on a decent size bright screen. Food looked good but it was midnight so I didnt eat. Breakfast orders taken to order and served as per. Too bad their ground work is heading the way of LAN who seem to work for the convenience of their employees more than anyone else
Flew to Ljubljana from Gatwick. Plane was a new Canadair Regional Jet small 40 seats but good leg room and comfortable. Both cabin crew were friendly. Food was just a cheese or ham roll but fine for a 1 hr 40 minute flight. And Adria were one of the only airlines leaving Gatwick that evening not to be delayed. Return flight was an A320 full comfortable and good service once again. Would recommend Adria again and worth paying the extra 20quid over Easyjet for flying from Gatwick and not having to pay for food or drink.
  Chania to Brussels via Kos. I was supposed to fly with my infant daughter and my mother a 3 hour direct trip from Chania to Brussels on 30 June. Two weeks before the flight we received a message that our flight would take 6 hours due to a stopover in Kos Island. I called the airline and asked what it was about  they said no worries, a small stopover, you will not need to disembark. Ok, suboptimal but acceptable til now. On the day of the flight, we check in normally, and when we look to take our seats, they were occupied. I tell the attendants that I must sit with my infant daughter and mother, and they just say to randomly take seats because the plane is totally unoccupied. Ok. We sit. I then ask if we have to switch to our assigned seats on the Kos stopover, because it will be extremely difficult for me to carry the baby, all the baby bags, and my own stuff, wake the baby up she sleeps at takeoff, and move. They say well do our best for you to keep your seats. At Kos we are suddenly announced to disembark because they have to fuel up and the policy is no passengers during fueling although all the crew remained on board.  What a mess. Talked to other discontent passengers, many had huge delays when flying into Chania in the first place ex. flight scheduled for 6 am finally takes off at 8 am. Then get back on the plane to the assigned seats, try to calm the baby down, etc. Of couse needless to say nobody helped with the baby. Im glad we arrived safe and that our luggage was not lost. But I would never take this airline again. Its cheap, but Ryanair is luxury compared to TuiFly. 
 Departure Airport  Firstly, an overview of the airport. We were checked in for our flight so quickly as we were called to an empty lane at CMF their queues work differently there!. The staff were chatty and friendly. You are advised to go through security once called as there is not much on the other side. The queue was a bit long but we got moving within half an hour. After boarding, we had 20 minutes to relax until pushback. THE FLIGHT took off, and it was only five minutes late  rare that a TUI flight I go on is on time. The cabin service soon followed, but the rear trolley had to return to the galley as we had a lot of turbulence for the first half an hour. We descended and that turbulence went. The back trolley was back in service and we ordered our food. Unfortunately, they only had a bacon baguette or a ham and cheese toastie  in small numbers. Luckily, we were able to get two bacon baguettes. They were yummy, but a bit expensive. After that, there were final checks for the descent into Manchester. We were served well by the crew. Arrival Airport  We landed nice and punctual, but a little bottleneck happened as it said All bags will be delivered before 14.50. Well, a little lie there as I only had one of my three bags by 14.50! The belt stopped and started again and we finally got all our bags around half an hour later. All in all, a really good airline, would fly again, but side note they removed the seatback pockets and made this little storage area behind the tray table when you see the photo below, youll understand what I mean, where they put all the magazines and safety card.
 It was my worst experience. I made check in, we passed TSA and 1 hour before boarding they cancel the flight. We have to comeback to terminal A, look for our luggage and try to get help, it took us 1 hour of standing in line for help. Then we got a fight to Atlantic City, we had to pay 300 dollars to get home. It was really bad, we have two kids and were very frustrated. Me and my family advise people to not take this company, they are very unprofessional and the associates are rude.
  I flew with Olympic air from Crete to Athens. They have an inconvenient website which is not very clear of what baggage is allowed. When you go for bag drop the crew, with attitude find all the reasons to charge you more. I will avoid to fly with them from now on.
Seating tight but expected on a low cost carrier. Departures and arrivals on time and in the case of the return to Moscow we got in a bit early. Luggage arrived on both legs. All in all a good experience.
 Santorini to Athens. We had a very bad experience with Aegean Airlines. I bought two tickets and by right have combined baggage of 46kgs  however, when we dropped off our baggage, the staff told us Aegean dont combine baggage and charged us for excessive baggage charges although our actual bags combined only 43kgs. Also they dont accept one of our hand carry suitcase as well which have been travelled through so many airlines like Qatar and Swiss with no issues and charge us another baggage charges. Unless you want to be ripped off by this airlines otherwise I highly unrecommend Aegean because they will find all their ways to rip you.
 Shanghai to Melbourne. MU737 on 19th April 2019. Total chaos at checkin. Ground staff was not able to manage the queues. Arrived at checkin gate 2.5 hours prior to departure, almost missed the flight
My route was BKKHKGOkinawaHKGBKK. All flights offered a bun and juice for meal even lunch time! Due to typhoon no.19 the flight from Okinawa to Hong Kong was rescheduled without prior notice. The first rescheduling from 11.55 to 15.30 is acceptable but then it kept being rescheduled to 19.30 then 2.30 the next morning. Luckily I decided to change my flight to the next day so I didnt need to spend a night at airports. All flights were delayed at least half an hour. My first and last time on Hong Kong Airlines.
MNL  Bacolod.  MNL. Outbound trip OK. No real issues apart from PAL Express web site stating all PAL Express flights leave from NAIA terminal 3 when in fact this one leaves from Terminal 2. Plane OK and cabin service pretty much what you would expect from a low cost airline. Return journey absolutely dreadful. Arrived Bacolod in plenty of time and checked in. No mention at check in of any delays. Passed through to airside where indicators showed the 19.15 flight now scheduled at 20.25 No explanation offered and no staff visible to ask. Around 20.00 finally an announcement that the aircraft would arrive at 20.30 and depart at 21.00. No apology or explanation offered. Eventually boarded after 21.00 and took off around 22.00. Attempted to ask gate staff why the delay and received the meaningless response false alarm at Manila. After 3 hours in an airport with no food outlets cabin service amounted to a dry biscuit and some water. On arrival at Manila all the usual arrival announcements were made and only as an afterthought was an apology made for the late arrival but again no explanation given. We then parked at a remote stand. Not an issue except that no steps could be found for about 20 minutes. De planing then seemed to take an age. The reason for this became apparent as we reached the top of the stairs. A flight with about 120 people on board was being serviced by a single bus with capacity for around 30 at a time. Result nearly an hour from landing to reach the terminal. All in all as a national carrier PAL bring shame on their nation.
  The flight was delayed as many families with children were late and the plane waited. I was on time and sat on the tarmac for an hour. Our flight was at 940am we didnt take of until 1045am. After takeoff, the entertainment was abysmal as you had to pay extra to login on your phone to watch anything and it was always loosing connection and screwing up. Then a stewardess screamed at me, for me to turn the volume down. The volume was not loud at all. What happened to customer service? She screamed across 2 people as I was at the window. If I acted the way she did at my job, I would have been fired in a heartbeat. Food on the menu was not available by the time the flight attendants got to my row to ask for orders. They had a cookie and a Pepsi, this was what was left. The flight back on September 1st was even worse. I was stuck next to the flight attendant seat so I had this wall of intrusive plastic pushing me out of my seat for 2 hours and 20 minutes. I could not move my left arm without banging it into this wall of plastic. I understand airplane seats are cramped but this big plastic seat intruded on my space. I at least got some food on the flight home, for an extra cost of course. The attendants were maybe one notch better than the trip going, but thats not saying much at all, they were still rude and abrasive.
  Flight cancelled without a proper reason. No way to get help after being cancelled, the chatbox is AI, it didnt help at all. No one picked up the phone from the call centre.  No compensation after the journey is highly disrupted. An email from the airlines said there is a voucher for food and drink automatically available on my boarding pass, but it is not available and I tried many shops which listed on the website provided. My flight was cancelled without any reason and it was cancelled 1 day before departure. However, there are 4 flights from Berlin to Brussels on 3 July. Except for my flight, the rest 3 flights are not cancelled, so obviously it is not bad weather conditions or strike.
  Tokyo to Shanghai. They decreased the carry on weight from 10kgs to 7kgs and then raised the checked baggage rates by 300 to 6,800 yen per bag. I had booked the flight several months in advance but with these retroactive charges, I could have flown a normal airline in the daytime instead of an inconvenient redeye. Also, this is the only airline that boards window seat passengers first which results in chaos. These folks dont have a clue.
  Belfast to Reus. Staff lovely, onboard pricing not bad, leg room good. I fly often and that jet2 plane was so noisy compared to other airlines. Im a nervous flier and this has put me off completely flying with jet2.
  Raipur to Delhi on 28th November. After reaching Delhi Airport the cabin crew forced us to stand in flight for around 40 minutes due to non availability of bus. When we try to discuss this to crew members they did not respond and ignored us. 
  I ordered an exit seat that allows for more space for your legs and paid 85$ for it. The ground steward confirmed that I have this seat. However, when I boarded, I was given a different seat. The flight attendant apologized and said that I should reach out for the customers care for reimbursement. I sent 4 letters to customers care, each time required to provide more explanations for this very simple event. Finally, they answered that the company does not take any responsibility for this and that they will not reimburse me. Bottom line bought something that was not provided and was not reimbursed. I find this unacceptable.
 I purchased an extra legroom seat for my flight as my knee doesnt handle being bent for long periods of time well but this does not affect my movement levels nor is it visible. I was shocked to note that the seat I was shown as extra legroom during checkin was not in fact one. I was told nothing could be done on the flight and that I should contact customer support for a refund. I have done so but in the month that has passed since my first contact they have been most unhelpful, first responding with reasons for my seat allocation that were simply untrue and then requesting that I provide them with my boarding pass I cannot access anymore. The service overall is awful and I would not recommend it to anyone.
Not really pleased. I usually travel from Sofia to London Heathrow and back. The delays are usual. Complete lack of entertainment. There is lack of space too.
  Rome to Los Angeles was the worst flight experience Ive had. The first problems occurred when we tried to check in online, with Alitalias website it took over 3 hours just to check in and print boarding passes. I tried to to call Customer Service for help, to no avail. Onboard the seats are narrow, and theres no leg room. The passenger in front of me kept trying to recline his seat, which almost placed his head in my lap and made it nearly impossible to watch a movie, which may or may not have been a good thing because their inflight entertainment leaves a lot to be desired. The movie screen is only about 4 X 6, and my entertainment system continually crashed. We rarely saw flight attendants throughout the flight and even if you pressed the call button, no one came. The mealssnacks were less than mediocre. The one snack we received was a tuna salad sandwich. When I asked if they had any other sandwich choice, the flight attendant asked if I had requested a special meal due to food allergies. When I told her no, she went and got me 2 small packets of their crackers. Beverage service was lacking, twice I asked for a glass of water, I never received it. About 2 hours into the flight, I used the bathroom, only to find less than 14 roll of toilet paper sitting on the sink counter. 
THRKIH on a 32 year old A300. Although the plane was old the cabin looked quite new and toilets were clean. The flight was very cheap 50USD one way.
I was flying with Virgin America today and I was impressed. The seat comfort was amazing. Being 67, flying is not always easy. However, VA had lots of space for my legs and seats felt like being made for my size. It felt very comfortable. Even the headrest was high enough which did not happen to me yet and I am a frequent flyer. Neither Lufthansa, Singapore Airlines and others had this comfort. The entertainment system offered everything you wanted. Movies, music, games, food and drink orders. In general, the plane seemed very modern. When ordering a gin tonic the 50ml gin bottle was told to cost 8$, which is a regular price for short haul flights they offered me 2 for 1 bottles. Soda was free. As I bought my ticket via Skypicker and had a connection flight, I cannot tell how much the single flight was which makes it difficult to state anything about value for money. Ground service was very solid and friendly, no complaints. Cabin staff could have been a little bit more friendly. When I was asking for an emergency exit seat one emergency exit row was kept empty as any passenger could upgrade their seat for $150, which I think is a lot, especially having that great seat comfort, which I did not know at that time, the cabin staff was not overly friendly, however, they have not been rude at any time. Altogether, I would absolutely recommend Virgin America, at least when they are using the plane I was flying in. Thank you Virgin America for this experience!
  Gatwick to Riga. Comfortable plane and excellent take off and landing. But, cabin service was extremely poor  attendants simply failed to offer any food or beverage. Could not understand announcements in English. And airbaltic is the first airline Ive ever known not to offer free water to customers. Absolutely shocking.
MK748 MRUBOM A330 with Air India codeshare. Oneway ticket to attend a family wedding in India after holiday in Mauritius. Air Mauritius is the only direct flight on this sector and it is codeshared with Air India. The ticket is cheaper if booked under the Air India codeshare flight number than the MK one. Mauritius Airport and the Air Mauritius lounge is excellent. Very pleasant crew on the MRUBOM sector. Economy class seats reasonably comfort. The exit row seats cost more and are available at checkin but crew very kindly assigned them to us as they were empty. Inflight entertainment is adequate with a range of movies and music albums. Meal was a full Indian service with 2 choices and all the usual accompaniments. Would recommend this airline on this sector. Only gripe is the 5am arrival in Mumbai but smooth arrival process as airport is often quiet at this time.
  Terrible experience. Will never fly this airline again. Plane seats were extremely small. I pulled a muscle attempting to get out of aisle seat to use the dirty bathroom. No toilet paper. Seats were taped together. Armrest was also taped and seat in front of me was also taped together with silver tape. Which meant to me that it was an older aircraft. Attendants were rude and never saw them again after going by to pick up garbage one time. We originally paid for early pick of seats, then got back of plane seats which would not be changed. Overall horrible experience.
 Malta to Gatwick. The experience was pleasant. Staff are very friendly and hospitable. Even though Air Malta moved into the low cost market, service is as great as before.
  Please beware that the entertainment system on the St MacDara aircraft Dublin to Orlando is not operational. What that means is that most of the seat screens are not working so even though you have paid a lot of money for your seat you had better have downloaded your own moviesmusic and games on your own equipment prior to the flight. Also the WIFI is not working. Aer Lingus state that it is a compatibility issue but its actually that the plane is old and most of the equipment such as the controllers for the screens have been broken and not repaired. They are also serving freshly brewed iced coffee just before you land, even if you want hot coffee. All in all its service with a shrug.
  This was the worst flying experience Ive ever had. Before boarding we were told our luggage was 1 pound over the accepted weight limit and that we would have to pay 65 dollars to check it. This wouldnt have been a big deal, but the woman at the front desk was incredibly rude and told us the baggage was a safety hazard and wouldnt fit in the overhead luggage compartment. However, once we paid the 65 dollars, no one took our luggage and they just told us to bring it with us on the plane. Low and behold, our bags fit just fine, in the recommended position. They have standard baggage compartments that fit our standard bags just fine. And if there was any safety hazard, they bypassed it by having us board with our luggage anyway. Its just a stupid scam for money, and it was a confusing process to be lied to until we payed and then have everything magically be fine. Ive never experienced an issue with my bag size or weight ever before with any other airline, and I travel frequently. The flying experience was also horrible.  Overall, the customer service was awful, their policies are designed to scam their customers, and the flight itself was awful.
  Cape Town to Tel Aviv via Kigali. Worst ever flight  first and last time with Rwanda air. Delays of 2 6 hours unexplained. No customer care at that delay time. Broke luggage  thoroughly broken and missing parts. Old plane, broken seat,no entertainment beside a Pakistani movie in a loop. Food is an Insult for airline food. Staff is friendly but need lots of training. Never again.
  There arent words to describe how poorly you are treated when traveling with Philippine Airlines. Ive been flying for over 3 decades and PAL has by far the worst customer service and overall experience ever. Youve been warned! Dont fly with PAL.
Miami  Amsterdam  Miami. October 3 2005 and October 8 2005. Stay away from Martinair. Our flight was 4.5 hours late going over and two hours late coming back. Seats are worse than coach on most carriers. Both ground staff and flight crews need training in customer service. Spend any extra money necessary and time required and fly on anybody else.
Madrid to Porto. A relatively modern CRJ1000 22 seating offered more legroom than Iberia A320. Flight almost an hour late but this is becoming the norm at MadridBarajas so its not a big deal. Crew pleasant and served drinks and a small packet of nuts on 1 hour flight.
  I was flying economy but upgraded to business, also had to come back home earlier, the customer service representative at Qatar Airways was helpful, so that worked out. I was disappointed as Qatar changed the planes at the last moment and I was really looking forward to traveling in Q Suite, but the journey due to in cabin service was Excellent. Cabin staff Ying and Komal were phenomenal, professional, helpful and super nice, could not ask for a better service. I would recommend to experience Qatar Airways as journey from check in, business lounge and in cabin service goes above and beyond.
Tokyo Haneda to Sapporo return with Skymark Airlines. First leg on Boeing 737800NG. New cabin, comfy seat and generous legroom for a lowcost airline. Even though I didnt purchase any, the drinks and snakcs are sold at a cheap price. Departure and arrival on time. Return leg, delayed for 30 mins due to congestion at destination airport. Return aircraft was an older Boeing 737800. Very warm cabin temperature. But overall worth the ticket price. Definetely better than AirAsia and JetStar.
  Our family chose Norse Atlantic Airways to fly from Europe to USA in March 2023. Having flown dozens of airlines and hundreds of flights, we all agreed this was one of the best experiences. We purchased Premium economy tickets which included seats in front of the plane, priority boarding and 2 meals for the fraction of price we would have paid on other airlines. Check in and other services in Oslo were fast and efficient, boarding was on time, plane was new, etc., but the main difference between Norse and other airlines was attitude. Norses team really made this trip more special. Besides being professional, there was sincerity. The seats do not recline to a lieflat position, but the space in Premium cabin seats is huge. It was a decent meal and the crew went the extra mile to find something different for our kids. Our Premium light tickets included 2 pieces of onboard luggage that was enough for our trip. Overall, our experience with Norse Atlantic Airways was great.
 I have been a regular flyer for the last few years and Air Serbia is without doubt the most incompetent airline I have ever flown with. The staff do not know what they are doing, they repeatedly ask you We see you are flying hand luggage only despite having paid for hold luggage. They have no idea about what citizens need a visa for said country. Their website is beyond awful, once you have made a booking it says error so you think that you need to try again, in fact the booking has been successful and you now have two bookings. In addition to all of this, their flight prices are the most extortionate I have ever seen, do yourself a favour and choose any other airline to this one.
Beijing to Pyongyang. The Tupolev 204100 aircraft is as comfortable as many that are flying around the US. The checkin experience was quick at Beijing and Pyongyang. The crew were friendly and smiling during the flight. The burger was quite tasty and I got a beer with it. Baggage quickly delivered at both ends.
Travelled Singapore to Kota Kinabalu via BWN and Kota Kinabalu to Jakarta via BWN using frequent flyer points. Both flights had a stopover in Brunei. Whilst I regularly travel Business Class with Royal Brunei this was my first time travelling Economy Class with them. All flights were on time. As short haul flights there was no IFE of note. Meals were served on all flights, even the short distance from Brunei to Kota Kinabalu. Royal Brunei is a dry airline so there was no alcohol. Food was good and well served and the choices were available. Desk staff in Kota Kinabalu were very good and at short notice, after seeing how I was walking, arranged a wheelchair for me in Brunei and then Jakarta. In Brunei, I had a relatively long stopover and staff bought water and dinner for me I had asked for some water and was given both. I will continue to fly Royal Brunei airlines  an economical full service airline.
  Istanbul to Baku. I decided to fly Azerbaijan Airlines instead of another airline and I was very pleasantly surprised how good this airline was. I had 10kg cabin luggage allowance which was really plenty! The plane was new and clean. I also did not expect the free meal service, but it was excellent  hot meal with alcoholic drinks. Food was really fantastic. I would not hesitate to fly this airline again.
  I cant really say how the airline would actually be in the air because the flight was canceled three weeks before departure, but only found out when I logged in to confirm the flightbooked as a gift for my daughters honeymoon with a great price many months ago in Premium cabin. The airline would not rebook on any codeshare partners, even parent company Iberia. Only offered to rebook us on flights 4 days earlier short honeymoon! or 3 days later have to work!. Finally had to settle for a refund and rebook onto TAP economy at hundreds of dollars more and an extra night in a hotel.
  I booked flights from Valencia to Palma but my computer auto filled the 2nd passenger name. Realised within a few hours and have spent the last week and a half trying to get this changed. Started out very promisingly response to tweet was DM us the correct name. But despite numerous DMs and tweets absolutely no response. To rerebook the flight now is 50 more.
 Flew from Bristol to Alicante with easyJet for a quick weekend break, more spur of the moment trip, and was impressed with the value for money and the attentive service received despite the flight being late out of Bristol and not arriving until early hours Sat morning. Seat 1E by the window was clean and with extra space and priority boarding was welcomed. Two drinks came to about £10 which was good considering it was an alcoholic beverage. Really happy flying easyJet and will recommend them 100
 Terrible experience with Iberia, they have changed my flight unilaterally and the company has not been charged for the expenses generated by their cause, I will never fly with Iberia again due to their terrible work and poor resolution of the problems that they themselves they generated. 
Took a flight with US Airways from JFK to Asheville with a change of plane in Charlotte. Our flight left JFK one hour late the Captain said he was waiting for paper work to be signed. We therefore missed our flight to Asheville the US Airways staff at Charlotte were very rude and could not care less. I had to beg to use a phone to call my cousin who was picking us up in Asheville to let her know what had happened. The agents at Charlotte said there were no seats left on any flights leaving for Asheville that day or the next I asked what should I do they said not our problem and shrugged their shoulders. I went to the desk and asked for a refund for the Charlotte to Asheville part of the trip and they cancelled my return flight as well.
  Worst customer service Ive ever experienced. I have been trying to reach them for two days, waited for more than an hour, and they either hang up or never answer. I needed to cancel a flight and get a travel credit, which they said I could at the time of the reservation, and the only contact they provide is this.
  Stansted to Larnaca. I was quite concerned about flying Cobalt as I knew there had been serious delays on flights since Cobalt took to the skies a few months ago, but everything ran really smoothly, from checking in at Stanstead I arrived in plenty of time and was allowed to check in 3 hours before my flight to boarding and the in flight experience was really good. Very comfortable seats, leather type finish, very helpful crew, who struggled politely to find space for everyones hand luggage. Despite a slight 10 minute take off delay we caught up en route and landed on time at Larnaca. It would maybe have been nice to know which route we were flying over Europe to identify landmarks on the way, I didnt buy any drinks or snacks as Id brought my own. This is a no frills flight, no entertainment onboard but for the price paid this was excellent value for money and Id definitely fly Cobalt again. I was pleasantly surprised how easy it was to get to Stanstead Airport from South London just over an hour. And Stansted duty free had an amazing variety. 
  Mumbai to Srinagar via Delhi. Selected the flight due to least trouble of not changing the plane at Delhi and paid extra fare for seat selection. It was good till we landed at Delhi. There I was handed a new boarding pass and was made to run from one plane to another boarding gate undergoing the security once again. The airline had changed the flight and even changed the seat as per their choice without a word of sorry. 
Horrible customer service. Our flight was running really late. I got to Atlanta and only had a little time to get to from gates A to E. I talked to an associate leaving the plane and he just brushed me off, no help or direction. I ran and finally made and was late. Talked to another associate which didnt seemed to want to be bothered. I had to go back to gate A and have wait 2 more hours. Customer service was zero help. They were nice in Austin. I will never fly on Delta again. 
  Johannesburg to Lisbon via Luanda. It was the shortest, cheapest route compared to other airlines. At times communication was a bit challenging because the airline is more Portuguese than English, not the friendliest flight staff. On the ground at checkin in both Johannesburg and Lisbon the staff were friendly and extremely accommodating. In Luanda, on my return flight  not so much  was told to stand one side and constantly sternly told to wait  not that I was moving or saying anything. For the price you cant actually .
  They want you to pay more money for the hand luggage, because your suitcase does not fit to their regulations.  I was flying with 2 little kids 11 months old and 3 years old. And I was breastfeeding and at the same time talking to my eldest one. And of course my mask was quite often a bit below the nose and this man was shouting at me.  That was super unpleasant flight.
  That was supposed to be a short 30 minutes flight trip which turned into seven hours of hell. First of all, to check in our bag at Medellin airport we had to queue for 1.5 hours, as there is a lot of Latam staff at the airport but they are normally too busy to chat with each other. Secondly, after security check completed, just before boarding time, we found out that our flight had been cancelled. All the passengers approached the lady who was registering passengers at another gate for another flight. She helped a few who had connections and asked others to return back to check in area to reschedule the flight. The majority of passengers who did not have the luggage could just reschedule their flights online without leaving the gate area and queuing up again. Yes, this is where another minus one star from the rating is coming. Three ladies who for some reason were standing together at one counter to regulate the queue found a brilliant solution asking all the passengers of the cancelled flight queue to the check in counters again. At some point, I connected to the airport WiFi and helped some passengers to reschedule their flights online without queuing up, so they could go to do their security check again and return to the gates area. The fourth lady as three others were again busy chatting and laughing in the middle of this chaos who was walking in the queue was very surprised it was possible to reschedule the flight online. Passengers with the luggage were expected to pick up their bags and recheck in them again. Our problem was they could not find our bag. After a few attempts the checkin representative suggested that it might went to Bogota how? on cancelled flight? as they cannot allocate it in Medellin, and he suggested that the bag will fly on the same plane with us, as I rescheduled the flight online. Another minus one star for professionalism. Full of doubts we boarded the rescheduled flight. Of course, our bag was not in Bogota upon arrival. Six people working at Latam Luggage Tracking kiosk could not allocate it and after exchanging a few calls with Medellin staff suggested to fill the form and promising our luggage will be delivered to London. This is when my trust in Latam ground staff fell below zero. Again, with mixed feelings of hopeless and doubts we filled the form, staff returned us a copy asking to check the status online. We decided to check the online service immediately and found out there was not a tracking or reference number on the form! The answer was appalling Oh, we have not register your form online yet!. Really? And how we were supposed to check the status online without tracking number? Another star off. Meanwhile next two Latam flights from Medellin arrived and whilst we were patiently asking the Latam staff to do their job, I turned around and found our bag among others from the next flight. Guess what? Another passengers luggage tag were attached to our bag! Latam, is it safe? Is it professional? Of course, nobody from Luggage Tracking kiosk could answer how come the other passengers name tag was on our bag. They just pretended they did not hear that question. The passengers problem is up to the passenger to solve it. And lack of investment in staff is shocking.
  I flew on Condor not by choice but because Lufthansa flight from Zurich to Frankfurt left two hours late, so we missed our Lufthansa connection from Frankfurt to Vancouver. Lufthansa rebooked us on Condor flying on the same day. The airplane was nice and seemed new but the airline is one to avoid. They do not offer earphones complimentary, so one must buy them, the meal is small in quantity, not tasty and no there is no choice for economy passengers, but all were given maccaroni with vegetables as they are too cheap to give meat of any kind or fish. In this 9 hours and 50 minutes flight, the miserly meal is given in the beginning of the flight and not until 1.5 hours before landing that they come around with a wrapped piece of bread. By the time the piece of bread arrives, one is famished, as during the flight they do come around with snacks, but one has to buy them. The staff on board seemed really green, wet behind the ears, being mostly young, appearing new to their jobs. However, the worst was the temperature of the airplane. It was really cold, as if we were inside a refrigerator. I asked the flight attendant for a blanket and she said they did not have blankets! I contested that it was impossible. How could a plane with hundreds of people on board not have a blanket? What kind of airline could this be? People were sneezing and coughing and wrapped in coats and their own blankets I guess they had flown Condor before so I said I was getting sick from the cold and would review Condor negatively on social media. The flight attendant said she would speak to her colleague to raise the airplane temperature. It got a little bit better and then out of nowhere they gave me a thin blanket. It goes without saying that the temperature went down frigid again. Do they save money by keeping the airplanes temperature uncomfortably low? Also the film selection is sparse and not good. To sum up I will never fly Condor again and urge all to do the same.
First time on a flight to Laos. Impressed with the staff at Bangkok BKK airport. I flew to Vientiane on Lao Airlines on September 3, 2015. Not a full flight, plenty of staff at every point. At check in they were very nice. I had to come back and check in a small package because security wouldnt let me through with a tube of sunscreen. Very helpful in directing me to the post office where I could buy a small box, and let me check it in. After I got through security and immigration, at the gate there was a nice clean, quiet waiting area with a bathroom close by. No shortage of airline staff, all of whom were polite and nice. The aircraft is fairly new, ATR 72 prop plane, which seats 48 passengers. The plane was about 50 full. The seats are leatherlike and as comfortable as you can expect. Seats recline some. Very clean plane. I did not use the lavatory. They board and disembark from the rear of the plane, so if you are in row 1, you are the last to disembark. The overhead compartments are very small, if you have a large backpack, they wont fit. The seats are a 22 configuration. I was in row 5 which was right opposite the propeller. After airborne, I moved to row 3 so I had a better view. Short flight, 1 hr 15 minutes, very smooth, all instructions were given in two languages  English being one of them. Could easily understand them. At a cruising altitude of 25,000 feet, my ears felt a whole lot better than on Airasia! Good landing, good service, good clean equipment, I would definitely recommend them. They did provide a snack, which surprised me. It consisted of a sandwich and water. My flight cost was $100, plus a $50 surcharge for fuel! then taxes, it came to $175.00 for a return ticket. For such a short flight it was a little expensive, and considering they are flying with such low passenger capacity, I am surprised the fares arent more competitive.
  Not recommended if its a transit flight. There is a lot of gate changes, you could miss your flight and they will make you pay for another ticket. Bahrain airport is a small and bad one. 
  Prague to Moscow. One month ago I had the worst flying experience. It all became during the flight organization and checkin and continued onboard. Even though it was not the first time I used this carrier, but that time they exceeded all expectations. The personnel on board was rude and ignorant. When people were inquiring on either coffee they were serving was ground coffee or instant one, one of those stewardesses just answered in a way just leave me alone and the coffee is not for free.  My previous trip I had with the company I had been sat by the emergency exit that is usually could be considered as an advantage, that time caused me lots of trouble and the chairs were even less comfortable than I could imagine. Just after that flight I carried over to Aeroflot and it was totally remarkable difference. Also, it took a while to get our luggage from a plane. I do not recommend anybody to use that company. 
 QantasLink branded flight operated by Alliance Airways. The plane, an Embraer E190 had Alliance markings, but the cabin crew wore Qantas uniforms. First time on an E190, but Id noticed on the Qantas website specs the seat pitch was more generous than their B737. Between that and the design of the seat, it was a very comfortable cabin indeed. Good space, relatively quiet, smooth flight particularly the landing. The only downside was being a leased plane and not a Qantas own aircraft, there was no Qantas entertainment or inflight WiFi. This scuttled my plan to do some sightseeing planning while in the air to Adelaide. But I was content to play some stored tunes and relax in the comfy seat. Cabin crew were efficient and friendly.
Flew Rome to Dubrovnik off peak which involved 2 stops last year and I thought they provided great service. We had 3 flights RomeZagrebSplitDubrovnik and they were all on time which made everything perfect. They provided good assistance when we had to go through Customs in Zagreb giving us priority as we needed to take off soon crew even fought a bit with airport staff to get our passports reviewed faster. Also were very attentive with us as airport staff barely spoke English. Planes were modern and very clean. They provided some snacks but all flights were really short. Will fly them again if I have the chance!
  We were a little concerned as after booking the flights we read some negative reviews about Malaysia Airlines, however in our experience we had no reason to be worried. Check in at Heathrow T4 was quick, as was security clearance. Malaysia Airlines business class passengers can use the Qatar Airways lounge at T4 and this was good. We enjoyed a light breakfast there before the flight. Boarding on time, my wife and I had seats 5D and 5G, which meant we both had direct aisle access. Malaysia do have a pairs of seats by the window on their A350 aircraft but these are not ideal for an overnight flight if you need to disturb a sleeping partner to get out to use the rest rooms. The seats themselves were quite comfortable although a little narrow. There are only two toilets in the business class cabin on the A350, which at times meant a queue and they were quite cramped, they were however kept clean throughout the flight. Service on the flight was very good with efficient and friendly cabin crew. Dinner was served soon after takeoff with signature Malaysian Satay. For the main course I chose the lamb which was tasty and not overcooked. Inflight entertainment was good, although not at the same level of say Emirates, there were a reasonable number of relatively new films as well as classic selection. Breakfast was served a couple of hours before arrival and I chose the Nasi Lemak, which was fine. Overall a good flight on Malaysia Airlines. The cabinseating may not be quite up to the highest standards, but service was excellent and the pricing reasonable. The safety briefing is also great fun.
  Larnaca to Athens. Ive travelled with Blue Air many times before and they decided that from now on they will be charging for your purse extra. So i have 10 kgs free carry on luggage and if my purse does not fit in my luggage i must pay 60 euros  not to mention the attitude of the staff! Blue air is the worst company by far and i prefer to buy a more expensive ticket from another company. 
QuitoGuayaquilBaltra return. The aircraft on the way to Galapagos was new A 320 staff polite and helpful. They served complimentary sandwiches and drinks. On the way back to Quito the plane was an old Boeing 727 ? but again flight and service were okay. I expected the worst from an Ecuadorian domestic airline but after all I would definitely fly them again.
  Yangon to Mandalay. The ground staff and the cabin crew are very friendly. But we have a delay of about one and half hour due to weather condition at Yangon International Airport. During the delay the purser explain about the delay and apologize for delay. They served us with tea, soft drink during the delay and the time flew very quickly and at last the tower permitted us for take off. During the flight they served us with in flight meal which is acceptable for a short haul flight. But no duty free product sale on broad. Recommended.
  Transfering my baggage was miserable, everything got broken, my baggage and my sweets boxes got damaged. I did not think that Royal Jordanian airlines would accept such a practice
  Athens to Naxos. Absolutely hopeless checkin process. It is out sourced to 3rd party who do 10 other airlines. Result is hundreds of passengers trying to get thru 4 desks. If you are Greek  shout  push your way to the front you catch your flight maybe. Everyone else is left in the queue. Miss your flight, go buy another ticket for the next flight! Avoid this scam!
  Had an aisle seat by emergency exit, after meal was served passengers piled up the rubbish ie food trays etc, in the emergency exit. It sat there for hours, along with a large passenger bag. The flight attendant who walked past many many times, just ignored it. I had to complain before reluctantly anything was done. Obviously passenger safety does not include economy class.
  Ho Chi Minh to Danang. We did not had to cue at check in because we were travelling with 2 toddlers. Unfortunately, the check in staff could not retrieve one boarding pass in the system and we had to wait at the counter for 24 minutes. 24 minutes for printing 5 boarding passes! The flight was boarded by bus. The bus was overcrowded and we had to wait long time in the heat for the last passenger to arrive. A second bus would have been a good option. The aircraft was clean. The food was a piece of sandwich bread and inedible. The drink choice was none, everyone got a bottle of water. I would prefer a low cost carrier where I can have the drink and food I like but pay for it instead of getting something for free you do not want. The flight arrived one hour late.
Were flying US Airways for the second time in two weeks and Im not impressed! Both times the flight from Phoenix to Tampa was delayed due to maintenance issues. Are the planes in that bad shape or is there something else going on such as scheduling difficulties? It would be easier to take if the employees were a little more accommodating and apologetic instead of downright rude.
  Due to Storm Ciara our flight was delayed by several hours and then we flew to East Midlands airport with onward coaches arranged to Gatwick. The Captain, came into the cabin many times to keep us updated at every stage and to answer any questions. He also offered tripspics in the cockpit. The crew were great too. Nothing was too much trouble. We would like to pass on our appreciation for the great communication during a difficult time.
  Not happy with my wifes experience. Bags have been lost for 1 week. Also, a hundred or so passengers from her connecting flight through Amsterdam to Venice also didnt get their bags when landing. Why send hundreds of passengers and continuous flights without their baggage? I know the answer. Its greed and the bottom line of KLM, and not customer care. You call the helpline, and they have no answers. The cost of flying is a small fortune these days and I expect better. Do you think theyre going to cover the hockey camp that is already paid for and the new hockey equipment?
  Used Singapore Airlines between Cape Town  Bali, check in at CPT very quick and polite as was security and immigration. SQ use the Bidvest lounge which was fine with decent food and seating, boarding was covered quickly so soon at my seat 12A. Once onboard drinks served before departing on time. This flight makes a short stop in Johannesburg where passengers remain on the aircraft, a small lunch served on the first leg by a nice crew. With a new crew departed JNB on time for the 10 hour flight to Singapore, food lunchbreakfast and service during the flight very good as was the seat and TV Options. Arrival in Singapore a little early after a pretty bumpy flight, transfer was fine using the Silverkris lounge in T3 for a coffee and shower before boarding the flight to Bali this time on a 78710 my favorite SQ Aircraft. Departed a little late for this 2hour 20 minutes flight, crew very nice as was the food, bags delivered to the belt quickly all in all a great trip. I believe SQ are still up with the best. I guess the only thing missing is that amenity kit.
  Hong Kong to Nanjing. Meal service only had pork as opposed to my request for something else. Cabin crew who was serving meal wasnt cooperating. Later another cabin crew and their manager came into help and provided me with some meal and offered to double check my return flights meal request. Check service at HKG airport was good.
  Surabaya to Jakarta. We arrived at the airport extremely early, but didnt have to wait for checkin to open since Batik air had a counter for all flights, checkin went smoothly and quick. The departure domestic terminal at Juanda was average but had the basic essentials like a clean toilet and plenty of restaurants, we soon boarded our A320 aircraft with really friendly and warm staff, got to my seat, which was a window seat. I was honestly surprised that our aircraft had an IFE on this short flight. We departed on time and meal service soon started, a complimentary mealsnack was served. On this flight, we got a Banana bread and water. The IFE on this flight was really good and up to date, had plenty of movies, however, remember to bring your own earphones since they are not provided on this flight. The crew on this flight were really nice and friendly, they kept checking on the cabin and offering water. We landed on time. Overall my experience with Batik air has been above average, I would not hesitate to book with them again, probably my favorite airline in Indonesia, hopefully, they keep expanding and one day become an international airline.
  I flew with them in April 2021 and thought they were fantastic. They were very helpful when checking in, on the plane they were extremely kind. The plane was clean and the service was incredibly generous. We were given a cup of water and what they called a sweet snack which my girlfriend and I just thought was so adorable. We flew back on Jetstar, and were disgusted by the service. 
  Delta kept me on the plane at the gate for 7 hours because of a door issue and now flatly refuses to compensate for any expenses incurred. I missed my connecting flight and the next flight was 24 hours later. I had to pay for a hotel and transportation.
 Gulf Air is an underrated airline. At first I was hesitant in using Gulf Air since most of the reviews about them are not good. When I saw that they are using 787 on their MNL flight I told to myself why not try their airline. On board MNL flight I was surprised that they have a chef and nanny on board. On the ground they also distribute pyjamas with slippers. They are offering dinner for their 1st service and breakfast before landing, foods are tasty. I like their business class layout compared to Emirates, Etihad and Saudia B777. Their seats are comfortable but they need to improve their inflight entertainment at least add more movies. I enjoyed my flight and I was able to sleep during the flight. Highly recommended.
  Scheduled departure 1125 am, fully boarded 10 mins ahead of time and then we sat for a full two hours without so much as a single acknowledgment or announcement from the crew, no one walking around with water or any amenities and the attitude of the crew when asked is to merely shrug. The lack of any sense of customer service is truly appalling.  Never going to come anywhere near this airline again.
Flight Paris CDG  Algiers. Flight was more than 3 hours late and no explanations were given by the Air Algerie ground staff. The aircraft was old and very dirty. Food was still on my seat. Cabin crew were very unprofessional and not friendly at all. Food was ok. Only one toilet was in service. I will never fly again with Air Algerie.
  Dubai to Bangkok via Mumbai. I believe in you get what you pay for! I take monthly trips from Dubai to Bangkok andI always fly nonstop with another airline. I saw the flight I wanted with Jet Airways was only $350 USD or so round trip with one stop in Mumbai. I figured why not give it a chance? As soon as I got on the plane I knew it was going to be rough. The seats are horrible! They are worn out and filthy. The staff is very attentive I will give them credit for that. Once I got to Bangkok, my bag was pretty much destroyed like they threw it around for fun. Fast forward to me leaving Bangkok back to Dubai. Again, the seats are worn and filthy. They scheduled my connecting flight thru Mumbai way to close to the time we would land from Bangkok. I run through the airport and I make it to the gate. When I hand my boarding pass to the person, it doesnt scan. They had cancelled me off that flight and put me on a later one. I asked why did you cancel me if Im here?? That in turn made me be late for a meeting I had in Dubai. I asked, since you guys changed my trip can I at least be compensated with an upgraded seat? No response of course, I was told to follow a gentleman for new boarding pass for the next flight. We walked all the way back through Mumbai airport and then I was told to wait at security while he brings me a new boarding pass. He comes back 10 minutes later and says its the same gate as before. So now I have to walk all the way back through the airport again. I didnt have an upgraded seat, not even an emergency exit row for a little more space. When I finally get to Dubai I wait for almost 40 minutes for my NEW bags. When they arrive guess what?? It is destroyed as well. When I get home and open my bag, my clothes were covered in shampoo, lotion and everything else I had in my checked bag. I swear they were running it over with a cart or something. All in all, I would rather walk from Dubai to Bangkok before I would ever use this airline again. Their prices are extremely low and now I see why. Just remember, the inflight entertainment is a joke. The only movies or shows that would play were Bollywood ones. Everything else it would go back to the main screen and wouldnt play. I tried on 3 different devices so apparently it is on their end not mine.
 Our experience with Royal Brunei was appalling  we were given our boarding passes to fly from Manila to London via Brunei without any staff mentioning they knew there was a technical fault with our connecting flight so they had delayed the time on the boarding pass of the connecting flight by 3 hours. We arrive at Brunei and are left to wait 4 hours until 4.30am before anyone came to tell us there was a problem with the plane and we couldnt fly. They advised theyd organise accommodation in Brunei and we would fly at 10am. By 7am we are finally in a hotel after waiting hours to be checked in as Royal Brunei had not contacted them in advance. One hour later we were expected to leave and return to the airport. At the airport we were denied entry into the Royal Brunei lounge despite having entry cards as you cant reenter within 24 hours even though they forced us to leave the airport. And the best part  our 1 hour in a hotel was considered our compensation in full for what was a 12 hour delay and no food or water was offered at all in this time. Avoid at all costs, they failed to show any understanding of what was going on and gave us no direction on when to leave the hotel etc. Pay more, fly another airline, you wont regret it.
 Horrible experience! The fees are unbelievable. DO NOT FLY WITH FRONTIER AIRLINES! We have never paid so much for checked bags as well as for carryon bags and of course seats were extra as well. We paid $140 per bag because they weighed 49. We had to pay $65 per carryon which by the were backpacks. Please do not Frontier Airlines. There are too many other options. Even if you save a few dollars on the ticket price you will almost certainly pay more once you add the fees for a seat on the plane and luggage.
  Warsaw to Abu Dhabi via Berlin Tegel. This airline has awful customer service when things go wrong. On June 30 our 21.50 flight transfer to Abu dhabi got cancelled until 16.00hr the following day but it actually took off even later by 2 hours. My wife and I arrived in Abu Dhabi 20 hours late minus our checked in cases. We filed a lost luggage report. We filed 2 complaints on Air Berlins site and tried to find out luggage on their tracer but nothing seems to work. The number they gave us didnt work and the pir number finds no match. We know our luggage is sitting in a store in Berlin. Weve sent the baggage tags which the checkin should have changed for the delayed flight to Abu Dhabi but they told us to keep the old ones. We have been trying for days to contact Air Berlin to no avail as have Etihad their partner from Abu Dhabi. No contact at all. Ive set up a facebook group to share their tales of woe and Air Berlin threatened to block me on their social media for doing so. Inflight service is fine but their ground staff and customer service are the worst Ive encountered in hundreds of flights with different airlines. Theyve lost my custom and my wifes.
  Tashkent to Hong Kong via AstanaAlmaty. Arrived early at Tashkent airport just to be told that Astana Air does not offer a lounge at that airport anymore. Boarding was chaotic, as they annouced boarding, traveling business class I rushed to the gate, only to be told to wait 10 minutes. Then, they started boarding the around 100 economy class passengers as I waited standing by the counter. After around 15 minutes, I was invited to board, very weird process. Once onboard, I was greeted by 2 friendly flight attendants, who showed my seat and offered an welcome drink. Cabin was beautiful with mood lighting and well apointed, very comfortable seat for 2 hours flight. After take off, they offered more drinks with warm nuts, plus took dinner orders. Food was delicious, well prepared and of high quality. Next flight from Astana to Almaty, they offered a good lounge in Astana, with some basic snacks. They had a special boarding line for business, boarding was very efficient and fast. 767 cabin is really beautiful, well appointed and comfortable even for longer flights. Welcome champagne offered and menus distributed. Food, once again, excellent and high quality, as well as drinks options. From Almaty to Hong Kong, the longest portion, I was invited to the lounge, but as I entered it, I was advised that Air Astana passengers cannot use the buffet facility or bar, and must pay for any drink consumption of drinks, even water. Noticed passengers from other airlines using the same lounge to have access to a full buffet and drinks choice, so very poor experience for Air Astana premium customers. Anyway, they also offered a separate line for business class and boarding was fast and efficient. Once again a 767 with beautiful cabin and very comfortable flat seats. Also this time, crew was courteous and friendly and dinner was of high quality, as well as drinks. They also offered a very nice ammenities kit and noisereducing headsets, but wifi was not working on this flight. All in all, in those 3 flights, I received excellent service from professional and courteous flight attendants plus high quality ammenities and food  drink choices. Only aspect to be improved are the lounges experience, especially for international flights. But all flighst were ontime, with excellent crew and modern and well appointed planescabins, so I am looking forward to fly on Air Astana business class again in the future.
 I was in Manila and had only 2 days to go for diving. Ive chosen close by Puerto Galera and since my time was limited I booked a flight with Air Juan. They cancelled my flight approx. 10 days before my trip and sent me a request for reimbursement to fill in. I sent back the request on 18 April! Recently they stopped replying to my follow up emails. I booked a flight with another Manilabased company, they also cancelled but sent me back money in a couple of weeks. It is worth mentioning that I also lost the payment of 1 night in a very nice hotel there since I was unable to travel by carbus and ferry limited time.
  Delhi to Pune. The guy at the luggage counter was very rude, he did not allow 2 kg extra baggage and said we will have to pay. I made a mistake this time by choosing Goair as they are not at all customer centric.
  Jeju to Hong Kong. The airplane size and all other things are understandable because of the cheap price. For our flight from Jeju to Hong Kong, weve noticed that that trip doesnt include checkedin luggage so we are okay if we need to pay extra. But after browsing through their website, theres no placing saying about how the luggage will be weighed and charged. At the counter, I asked about how the policy is different from what we saw on the official website, they just ask us to pay no explanation. While we were fixing our luggage overweight problem because we do not have enough cash or visa cards, we dont want to affect others so we moved aside. Worst experience ever.
On time, lovely flight and crew very friendly on flight to Alicante on 20th June.  Well done Monarch on your excellent service which started at check in through to our arrival in Spain. We were part of a group of 17 and they made the whole journey a breeze.
 The flight was about one hour and yet the flight attendants managed to hand out refresher towels, then they gave each passenger a snack box and on the the third service round, each passenger was given a drink. All this was done unhurried, with poise and a smile. Such an unexpected level of 5star service. In addition, boarding was ontime, flight departed and arrived on time. What a great airline.
  Pathetic front desk, impolite and worst staff experience at Mangalore airport. Feels like we are approaching a local bus station. Need to review, change your staff or else continue having these arrogant, rude staff. As a frequent flyer on other airlines I have never had this kind of experience. 
 Thanks to an exceptional deal to the Caribbean I had the chance to fly Corsair, a frenchbased leisure airline. Coming from a neighbouring country I had no clue what to expect and planned on being on a typical holiday flight with minimal service. I was more than pleasantly surprised and had a very enjoyable flight to the Caribbean and back. Checkins in Orly and FortdeFrance were a breeze, staff on the airline very attentive and full of smiles. Perhaps thanks to the very civilized french holiday crowd the flights were relaxed and quiet. And we were treated with a full meal and drinks of choice including decent french wine and snacks before landing. All in all, an outstanding flight experience, which I will gladly repeat at any given time. Highly recommended!
  Had a second great flight on Bamboo from Hanoi to Gatwick. On time, new Boeing 787 with all the mod cons you expect and fantastic service. Food was good, maybe not emirates standard, but attention from the crew throughout was outstanding. Check in swift and easy and priority bags delivered very promptly at Gatwick. Would definitely recommend them as great value for money.
  ANA should offer classes to other airlines on how to treat customersthey are so good in so many ways. First of all, economy class seats are comfortable and pretty roomy. The meals are generous, interesting and tasty. And the staff are just the best. Always giving service with a smile, they engage passengers at every turn. Japan is a country known for its good service and the crew on this flight was the embodiment of the Japanese service standard. On this flight, there was a full lunch with several dishes and then later a pretty tasty snack. Video choices are excellent and live TV is offered as well. It is a fine airline and deserves its 5star rating.
Flew from Paris to Cayenne on October 2013 in business class. Overall good experience nice lounge in Paris Orly South fast track to go quickly from customs and police. Good seating on board with a 2x2x2 configuration. Not a full flat but a 160 degrees recline seat but very comfortable. Very good food and excellent champagne. But the most interesting is the price 1600 euros Air France is much more expensive comparing with Air Caraibes.
PEKNKG and SHASZX. The flight from PEK was on a very old 757 with the narrowest seat pitch Ive ever seen. Im only 57 and my knees touched the seat in front of me! The bathroom was ancient and had only bar soap. On the plus side the breakfast was decent. SHASZX was after my China Eastern flight made an emergency landing so Shanghai Airlines used a 767 instead of a 757. The 767 was new and was quite comfy. Attendants friendly and sometimes nagged a bit about putting carryons in other bins that had space. Food also was good on this flight. Theres absolutely no inflight entertainment! There are headphone jacks but the system does not work.
  Unfortunately, last night I had the worst experience. I was waiting in a massive more than long five flights had one queue for air Europa queue for more than three hours. Eventually, I realized that its less than 30min left until take off. I went to ask what is going on, and the lady sitting by the desk told me that the gates are already closed. Nobody informed us that the queue is not just for the flight Lima, nobody informed that the gates are closing and nobody asked if there are people waiting to go to Lima. So obviously that made me very upset, because I lost not just this flight, but my next flight and all my tickets back from Peru. Plus, the front desk lady was extremely rude. Did not make any effort to help me out, offer me a solution. I am very disappointed and never flying with this airline again.
Arrived in Vietnam with two Jetstar Pacific flights prebooked. Flight 592 from Ho Chi Minh city to Danang on Nov 10th and a return Flight 593 on Nov 14th. Both were cancelled. I spent 15 minutes on Nov 10th trying to get them to answer their phone. I went out to the Airport early which meant I had an entire afternoon to watch the delays postponements and lack of information. The substitute flight I was given left over an hour late so I didnt get to Danang until after dark. I heard that my 13.35 return flight to Ho Chi Minh city was also cancelled and that they had rebooked me on a much later flight which would make me miss my International Connection out of Vietnam I had to waste more time trying to change this. Eventually I was forced get up at 5 am to take an early morning flight instead meaning I had to waste 7 hours in HCMC airport. I will never fly with them again.
MUC BLQ return in business. Exceeded expectations. My heart sank at MUC when I realised it was a turboprop flight and I was expecting a LCC experience. Instead I had a nice breakfast of cold meats and bread rolls on the way out. On the return leg they served a nice dessert but I am not a dessert person. Flights were slightly delayed both times but not significantly so. Check in at BLQ was very efficient and the Marconi lounge has its own security lane which makes the whole process more pleasant.
  Toronto to Copenhagen via Keflavik. Rates were very cheap, I paid for a little extra leg room still cheaper than the competition. Staff service was excellent, friendliest crew Ive met yet. There are luggage requirements that must be met or you pay for extra baggage, do your homework and measure your luggage, no issues here. Meals are not included in the price of the ticket, but food is available in flight at a reasonable price.
  As an elite gold flyer I am promised priority check in and best seats available, I got neither. Now I am on Scoot to Bangkok from Singapore. Same issues though this time on cheaper ticket though still entitled to elite gold privileges. First world problem but if they dont honor their promises whats the point.
  Horrible experience with easyJet. 3 hours before our flight we get an SMS that the flight was cancelled. No ground staff offered any assistance or information The only way to find an alternative flight was to get on their app and search for a different flight yourself. We are a family of 4 2 adults and 2 small children. It was impossible to find any alternative flight on the same day to the same destination with 4 free seats. The app also didnt find any available hotel. Spending a night in the airport with 2 small children is not an option. So we had to find another flight to another destination in another country and pay everything ourselves on the spot. Thats not the biggest problem though. The problem is, EasyJet now does not want to take responsibility and reimburse the extra costs, as the circumstances were out of their control. I understand that bad things happen and flights get cancelled, but as a company, at least offer assistance or reimbursement to those that they leave stranded. I will never fly easyJet again.
Travelled from Manchester to Vienna with a 3 hour stop over in KolnBonn. First flight was good with an on time departure reasonably friendly cabin crew staff and a decent and comfortable journey. However from our stop in KolnBonn the trip deteriorated. We were segregated into a small area of the airport with very little to do see or even eatshop. The second flight was 45 minutes late and had some of the most miserable cabin staff I have ever experienced. I wasnt even offer a drink to purchase. I would rate Germanwings as very average and certainly not what I would expect from a German carrier.
Martinair Economy Class TorontoAmsterdam. Both flights delayed for more than 4 hours. In Amsterdam Martinair offered a cup of coffee in Toronto nothing was offered. The captain told on both flights they encountered technical problems which was the reason for the delays. Cabin crew service is OK but seats are too small in Economy Class. Overall due to the ongoing delay problems and the poor service at the service desk I will not fly Martinair again.
  Terrible airline and customer service! Tried checking in 24hrs prior the flight. The website did not work for an entire day, and took pictures of it to prove at the counter. The lady at the counter told us it is what it is but we had to pay $10 for check in. How in the world are you going to charge for checking in? Plus, we could not add a second luggage from the website, because it was giving errors in each try. I had to pay $250 for a second luggage when in the broken website it said $90 for the second one, just because it was at the counter. Avoid this airline at all costs, even if it is cheaper it will cost you more than other ones at the end. Save your money.
 Durban to Johannesburg. South African Airways aircraft might be a bit older but they are clean and comfortable. Ground staff seem knowledgeable and friendly, while flight crew are courteous and quite personable. Food is a bit amateurish, but what do you expect from short domestic flights? For someone like me, who correlates domestic flying to a form of torture due to years of flying with airlines in the US, SAA will revive your belief in the joy of flying, regardless if they are domestic or international flights.
  Worst airline I ever used. They ask money for printing the boarding pass. Girl at checking helpdesk was playing with her phone and got annoyed I asked her help. The flight was over 3 hours late, but no notification on the screens, and no compensation for my extra taxi costs.
 When we boarded the aircraft the air conditioning was on full and was generating very cold air. After complaining to staff, they said it will stop after we depart, but by that time we were freezing. The aircraft was old and not clean. The headrest on the seat was in very bad condition. Furthermore, the aircraft was noisy during the entire trip in comparing with other more modern aircraft.
Living in Baku Azerbaijan Airlines is often the cheapest and they code share with Qatar  Pegasus. Flights to My son and I flew from NYC USA to Aktau Kazakhstan and back on this airline. It was an excellent experience. The staff were professional no lost baggage issues. Meals were fantastic. I highly recommend using this airline.
  Nice flights all on time with friendly staff for a good price. Non of the services offered could be purchased in advance seats and meals as all credit cards were rejected. Also shocked to see use of a kettle ! On the floor behind row 1 in the galley!
  This is definitely one of the underrated airlines. Quality airport and inflight service for quite a reasonable price. Check in and boarding were smooth. The pilot has maintained adequate communication with us and the cabin crews were very attentive and helpful. The food was not superb but beyond average. The cabin crews kept checking us from time to time to see if we need anything else, which I asked one of the cabin crews for a refill for my cup and she was gladly to do so. Seats are average for its class. Inflight entertainment was great. A good selection of shows to choose from for less than a 3 hour flight. If you want to get the most bang for your buck, I think you can put Hong Kong Airline into the list.
  Singapore to Jakarta. Garuda no longer offer wine on this 1hr 45 mins flight and IFE has not been updated since the beginning of 2019. They have devalued their loyalty program. I no longer have a reason to be their loyal customer.
On a recent trip from Stuttgart to Stansted I had the window seat in a row which was also occupied by a young mother and her four or five year old daughter. The minor took the seat next to me. Once we had achieved cruising altitude the mother produced an iPad from her bag and placed it on the table in front of the child. Then without the slightest consideration for their fellow passengers a Mickey Mouse movie was run with the soundtrack coming to all in earshot over the speakers. Since it was a reasonably short flight I plugged my own headphones in a did my best to ignore the cartoon. Now that such technology is available I think it might be high time for Germanwings to regulate such behavior. Obviously a sense of social responsibility is no longer sufficient. Germanwings usually provides a decent service it would be a shame if they allow selfishly ignorant passengers to spoil it.
  Check in staff is horrible. They talk to you with disrespect and a bad attitude. Its like we are bothering them. Tried to add a bag online for 35 bucks but could not so i ended up paying 50 at the counter. Staff is always saying bad words regardless of young kids. They are disrespectful to military personnel. 1st and last time flying this airline. Not to mention the delays. 
Flew from LHR to TXL on 14714. Could not complain about a single aspect of this flight considering it was just over an hour paid extra for seat choice and a snack and both went off without a hitch. Departed on time and landed on time staff were fine everything was fine. Will look at flying Germanwings again should I have cause to return to Germany.
  Frankfurt to Windhoek operated by Air Namibia A330. In general the flight went well. The A330 is a modern aircraft and the cabin was modern and the seats comfortable. During this flight we had two meals which were good but no more. On this flight there is no wifi and the inflight entertainment was really bad  a little choice of films only available in two languages. For me the worst thing on this flight is the cabin staff. There are not proactive and not friendly and helpful. We were forbidden to stay in the back galley and we had to return to sit as soon as we had finished drinking and eating. I dont recommend this airline for that, but all the rest of the flight was good.
 Small plane E190 it was, but everything moved along efficiently. Decent legroom, nothing to rave nor complain about, but more importantly the boarding process was seamless and so was the disembarking process. Baggage arrived with zero issues. Worthwhile noting that tickets were expensive though. Despite all the negative reviews here, its one of the only options from La Paz to Uyuni other than the Todo Turismo tourist bus which we took on the way back and was pretty decent as well, so where flights are concerned, just cross your fingers and hope for the best. Do not be afraid after reading all the negativity here. Not all is bad.
  Delhi to Udaipur. Although it clearly stated on my ticket booked with a 3rd party that I was allowed 23kg of luggage, at check in they told me I would have to pay beyond 15kg, which meant an extra $34 for 5kg!  I showed them the ticket where it clearly stated this, but they said I cannot get on the flight if I dont pay them the extra money.  I will never use this airline again.
  StPetersburg to Istanbul via Almaty.  A21 neo for both ways with Recaro seats,comfortable for 56 hours flight. Food was perfect, especially from Istanbul. Good choice of beverages.  On the way to Istanbul I over slept my dinner, but I got it after and the coffee was hot. In Istanbul new airport I had to visit Air Astana kiosk and I got  qualified assistance there! Other flights SaintPetersburg to Almaty, from Almaty to Astana and back to SaintPetersburg were very good.
LAXPPT in Business Class. Business Class departure lounge in LAX shared with several other airlines. Nice lounge with free snacks and drinks. Boarding gate was a bit far away we were bussed to the aircraft. First and Business Class customers were boarded in a separate bus. Once onboard  very comfortable. Before takeoff drinks offered. Several uniform changes during the 8.5 hour flight. Our flight left LAX on time. As previously noted  business class seats do not fully recline and when you do recline  it protrudes in to the space of the person sitting behind you. Not the best lay out  but certainly adequate. Good meal service and friendlyattentive flight attendants. Return PPTLAX  same on time departure and arrival and good inflight service.
Lusaka to Cape Town via Windhoek. I booked this ticket on line, about 4 weeks before the departure date. I had to phone the Air Namibia call center after booking as I received a confirmation email but not the eticket. The night before the departure, around 2000, I received a call from Air Namibia informing me the flight had been cancelled due to an operational issue most likely not enough booked passengers I was given the option of being rebooked on any of the daily flights on South African Airways to Johannesburg and then Air Namibia to Windhoek. I chose the 1325 flight and was told to pop into their office at the airport to collect my new ticket as it would be waiting for me. Unfortunately it wasnt and it took three hours of sitting around and a final mad rush to board ever walked onto a plane where everyone has been sitting waiting to see what idiot has held up the flight? Anyway, to cut it short, a journey that should have been 4 hours check in and flight time ended up being 11 hours. Air Namibia, not a care in the world.
I do not blame airlines for the bad weather on June 23rd. Flights were cancelled on the East Coast. However, I found the cabin staff very unfriendly and refusing to help. Due to reconnections because of the storm I boarded a flight from Hartford to Boston via Philadelphia. I arrived in Philadelphia late due to weather and then went to the gate to load connection to Boston. The guy taking tickets actually yelled at me for being late! Finally boarded plane and was looking for a place to put my overhead bag. There was a stewardess standing at the back of the plane and a steward standing in front. Neither one offered any assistance so I asked for help to locate a place to put my bag. I was told to just keep looking! Finally a young lady got up and moved her laptop so I could place my bag in the overhead. While struggling to lift my bag a gentleman sitting in a seat got up and helped me. Meanwhile the steward and stewardess were still standing in their spots! When I sat down the steward told people to put away their computers. A man sitting across from me started putting his away when the steward came back yelling at him because his was not putting his away fast enough!  I understand that everyone was under stress but that is no reason to treat people rudely! Especially paying customers!
 Terrible service. Dirty airplane. Avoid at all cost especially if youre travelling with a toddlerbaby. Air stewardess was extremely intolerant towards toddlersbabies. Stewardess was extremely annoyed and spoke sarcastically to me when she saw my child playing with the safety booklet. Definitely better budget airlines in the market which tolerates young children.
 London Heathrow to Zagreb. I fly often between UK and Croatia where I keep my boat. Croatia Airlines tries hard to be a proper airline not a budget flyer and generally succeeds. The staff are polite, pleasant, friendly and work hard to provide good service. The plane is always clean and the inflight magazine is informative and well written in Croatian and English. Its a better experience than budget and often not much more expensive. It would be helpful if they could fly direct to Zadar and have more winter flights. In my experience they are reliable and on time. The website has improved recently and online check in works well. These are short flights and the catering reflects that. A pleasant Croatia snack delivered with a smile and wine if you want it.
  Worst experience Ive had flying and I fly a lot. Received an email 3 days prior to departing that my flight was cancelled then a few hours later receive an email stating that was sent by accident. Fast forward to departure day get to the airport to find out my flight has been cancelled and they dont have another flight for 2 which would cause us to miss our hotel reservation and other flights plus a day or more of work.
  Horrific customer service. Apparently their Terms  Conditions state no refunds, but any reasonable airline honors refunds for flight cancellations. I booked a direct flight in June 2021 from La Paz to Monterrey for a Wedding and my flight was canceled not rescheduled, just canceled. The only other options that day added an additional cost at least $100 USD and anywhere between 820 hours of flightlayover time. Obviously, this didnt work, because I was going to a wedding and depending on flight would have booked additional accommodations in another layover city or miss the wedding. Neither of which worked. I called and spoke with the airline and was told no refund. I spoke with an airline supervisor who said the same. I told him the situation and he had zero sympathy and said to feel free to call my bank to dispute but he would not refund. They give you 2 options when they cancel your flight 1 An electronic flight certificate. 2 Flight change. Neither options worked cause Id miss a wedding or add 8hrs to travel flight originally booked was 2hrs direct, so this wasnt even close to comparable. Worst customer service Ive ever seen.
LAX to San Diego having flown into LAX with Delta and this was the connecting flight. Timetable for this flight allows 50 minutes but in reality it is nearer 2025 minutes. Nice little Canadair jet very bright and clean inside. Left on time and arrived early. Two cabin staff seemed to be playing good cop bad cop. No drinks offered because it seems the flight is not long enough. Its a great little flight that does not climb too high and so you get a splendid view of Los Angeles. Once the plane was parked up we had to walk along the apron to the terminal building. Slightly longer wait then I had expected for so few passengers to get my luggage from the carousel.
  Will never fly again. Flights both directions delayed for hours on end for no reason. Its clear that in Fort Lauderdale they have one gate so they have to juggle boarding flights, which ultimately makes everything else delayed. Currently on hour 2 of my delay back home with no end in sight.
Yes I have to agree. I mean Rex has an excellent product but it should be focusing on regional routes. The simple fact is we are largely a Qantasised nation now and thats all there is to it. Alan Hume is right its all about power and prestige and status And sucking up to George W. What a selfcentred bureaucracy this is turning into.
  Flight 718 Dec 15th 2022 took 27 hours to get from Orlando to New Haven Ct due to Malfunctions related to the aircraft. I slept in the airport. Then my return fight 719 Dec 28th 2022 New Haven was cancelled without any notice all monies refunded. I was told I couldnt get a flight out of New Haven until Dec 31st. After talking to an Agent I was told they refunded the Ticket because of the 27 hour delay in Orland that included my return trip was Cancelled and I was never notified of this. The Agent apologized and was sadden because she could not correct the Cancellation so I was stuck again! Last year 2021 the Christmas flight Orlando to New Haven Ct round trip went well. This year the Round trip delay is 4 plus days. All in all Avelo is providing a service for a cost, you have to decide if its worth it.
  Pros Cheap business class tickets. Cons You get what you pay for! But I learned my lesson the hard way! Cabin Staff service needs to be much better for firstbusiness class. Please stop calling it Champagne when you are serving prosecco! Ground service Horrible in JFK. I had extra baggage and needed to pay for it. It took four staff 35 minutes to process the payment after being passed on to three different checkin desks. Not a word of apology or regret for having me wait for 35 minutes because they did not know how to do their job! My flight was from JFK to KIX with a night stop in HNL  which I did not ask for. I was told they would not through check my luggage to KIX. I had to retrieve all my six bags in HNL, they do not have storage in Terminal 1. Have to drag luggage all the way to Terminal 2, and its 20$ a piece for overnight storage. Fellow passengers came to my aid with the difficulty in handling my luggage at HNL but the Hawaiian Airlines staff just shrugged it off despite asking for help. The next day when checking in for my flight to KIX at HNL was told I needed to pay for extra bags again but eventually did not have to after some backandforth discussions. For Inflight entertainment, ipads are handed out with not much entertainment in them! The business class lounge was full in HNL with a large majority being Priority Pass members so I had to use one downstairs. the choice of snacks and beverages were unimpressive, when I finally made it on my second go. Hotels are not offered by the airline for the night stop in HNL! Moral of the story Hawaiian Airlines, never again!
  45 minutes into boarding they turn off the screens so you cant watch or listen to anything, they do the same 45 minutes before landing. The head phones are extremely uncomfortable. The food is terrible. I wont be flying Bamboo ever again! It was uncomfortable, the seat wouldnt go back, the seat in front of me was broken and hanging where my feet were.
  Surprisingly pleasant flight, while most airlines have gone no frills, Edelweiss still offers a sandwich and soft drinks, and a cookie and juice prior to landing. Friendly staff, nice flight, would happily fly them again.
  We were booked for our return flight on February 14, 2023 from Amsterdam to Toronto and purchased Premium Economy seats. We received an email saying the aircraft had changed and the premium economy seats were not available and we were being downgraded to regular economy and we could get reimbursement for the difference. My husbands seat was reallocated but not mine and I had to pay Euro 28.50 in order to sit beside him. After several phone calls, emails and reimbursement requests online all they refunded was Euro 28.50 for my standard seat. Im now receiving emails saying the refund was processed and in my account. So they are refusing to reimburse me the difference between premium economy and regular economy. The return tickets cost over CAD 3,000. In addition the meal served on the plane was inedible. We will not use this airline again.
Taipei to Shanghai via Macao in Economy. Checkin swift and all flights on time. I was allowed to go ahead of the mess of tour groups at the Shanghai counter in order to check in. Seats are cramped and food is fair you might want to eat before you board. Planes were full on all sectors. Bring a good book for entertainment. Not exactly the worlds jazziest airline but certainly not the worst.
 Ridiculous Policy and worse airline that Ive been ever experienced. Food was very bad. Onboarding was very unorganized and late. Delay on both departures
  Recommending to use any other airline. Ive had trouble since booking and very unhelfpul interactions at every stage since. Situation was admittedly my fault that I booked an itinerary four flights total, and one flight had the wrong starting airport. My booking was for a nonrefundable, noncancellation ticket, which was the cheapest option, and I booked one month in advance. I noticed my mistake the day after booking and immediately called customer service, noting that Id made an error and was there anything that could be done. Said I was willing to pay an upcharge, would like to stay with them, and was apologetic. Was told absolutely nothing could be done, per the policy. When asked if there was anyone else I might be able to speak to, I was said I could call back and hear the same response if I liked. I did that. The next agent told me there was no option, but that if I bought another ticket $400, hed be happy to help me speak with a refund team about getting back an airline tax. Would not tell me an amount but said it was negligible, and when I asked if he could find out, he said the refund team doesnt have a phone number and wouldnt engage until I paid up. Asked where I could submit a complaint and that was that. My complaint was this by helping out a customer who made a mistake once, they would keep my business and very likely get the added bonus of another customer paying for the seat I gave up. As it stands, they get the certainty of losing my business and my familys business for good. While this exact situation is on me, and hasnt arisen with any other airline, Ive received excellent conflict resolutions from other companies thank you KLM, Lufthansa and Japan Air. Never have I had an experience like this anywhere else, and thats enough to keep me away for good.
TLVJFK. I flew El Al on the way to Tel Aviv and had a decent flight. coming back on Israir I did not know what to expect. By far the most cramped plane I have ever seen. I am very tall and sitting in my seat my knees were jammed in the seat in front of me. Seeing that this was going to be twelve hours of sheer hell I asked for a seat in an exit row and was surprised to get one. Besides the flight attendant who granted my seat request change the rest of the flight attendants were some of the rudest I have ever seen. One pushed me aside to get past me in the aisle and I witnessed others screaming at passengers for no apparent reason. The food was barely tolerable pasta had a weird filling that may or may not have been meat or chicken. I do not know or do not wish to know one bite was enough. To dull the pain of the flight the red wine provided was decent to allow me to sleep for the majority of the flight. I recommend paying the difference if there is one to fly on ElAL or Continental and be treated with a little dignity and have just a tad of comfort on the flight
 Boarding process borderline rude, with boarding announcement focused around the warning that carryons will be checked for size and weight. Boarding personnel obviously trained to police and enforce rather than to serve. This is now part and parcel of the standard CSA travel experience since they began luring leisure travellers on rockbottom fares with steep surcharges for checkedin baggage to what used to be business clientelle flights with decent levels of service for highprice flexible tickets early morning to Western Europe, late evening back. Without warning, the flight was not operated by their own A319 providing decent seating comfort. Instead, they used their parent companys B737 configured for maximum occupancy and minimum legroom. With my 5 11  182 cm, I had a choice between sitting with my legs spread apart or massaging the bottom of the passenger before me with my knees. Btw., their parent company is the lowcost Travel ServiceSmartwings, a Czech and Chineseowned business and one of only two carriers in Europe with twostar rating from Skytrax. Avoid if you can.
  Kozhikode to Dubai. This is the first time a boarding card issuing person asked my seating preference. And i am very very happy to hear that. I didnt note her name, but a big thank from my heart. I wish everyone does the same to all passenger whether single or with family.
LGWLJU return. Outbound was on A320 seated towards the front of Yclass on a very empty flight. The crew were friendly enough and served a ham or cheese roll and round of drinks. LJU airport was easy to use and out within minutes. The coach ride into town goes through some nice Slovenian countryside. Return was on a B737500 flight was full and had a middle seat but exit row 9E seat pitch was great. Again right after take off was served with a cream pie desert and drinks. Crew were again friendly and another smooth flight that landed about 15mins ahead of schedule.
  Mumbai to Kigali via Dar es Salaam. The staff service was good and the flight in good condition, thats the only good part. When we landed in Dar es salaam we came to know that our baggage has not arrived and we would have to wait longer. Not only that non of the passengers who were traveling with us from Mumbai received theirs. On further enquiry came to know that they have failed to board the luggage of all the passengers traveling from Mumbai. Really disappointed. Its been a day and since not got any information regarding the same. Will never travel with Rwandair nor would I recommend this flight to anyone. Customer service and communication pathetic. 
LAN Airlines are the worst airline to deal with ever. They changed the flights without letting us know from a 830pm to 10am in the morning. That left us with a 13 hour layover in Los Angeles  a total nightmare. They never contacted us, and we found out by accident when we checked in to confirm. They then said they couldnt help us and would find a specialist to call us back  but they couldnt do anything. Dont fly with them.
Outbound Thomson Airways flight to Punta Cana good with cabin crew very friendly and efficient. Drinks trolley shortly after take off, then meal service. Standard aircraft food, nothing to write home about but filling. Good entertainment on built in seat back screens. Seats had good legroom but are rather narrow. Just pray you are not sitting beside a larger person. Seat configuration not very good at 333. This only suits familys of three. Much better to have 252 or 243 this gives more flexibility and enables more people to be closer to an aisle. Return flight left a lot to be desired due to the non interested crew who were more interested in talking to each other than serving passengers. Three times I was asked what I would like to drink and each time I responded, but due to inattention and conversation with cabin crew I was literally ignored to death. Drink measures extremely small, I was given a small splash of brandy with loads of ice. Impossible to taste the brandy. They had miniatures of spirits on the trolley but would not serve them.  Seats are incredibly thin and uncomfortable. They would make a fortune selling blow up pressure cushions on the flight. Breakfast served shortly before landing was sausage and omelette, which was surprisingly tasty. The Boeing 787 is a fairly comfortable aircraft but is much over hyped. Claimed to be a lot quieter than comparable aircraft. I would dispute this as I have found Airbus A330 to be quieter than this. There may be something in the claimed air quality as I have not suffered from jet lag as much as before. Overall a fairly good flight which could be greatly improved by reminding cabin crew who pays their wages. Flew as part of a package holiday with First Choice. I suppose you get what you pay for.
 Flew ANA Tokyo Narita  Jakarta on 31st December 2020 as part of a SE Asia Trip with family. We arrived from SFO on UA and ANA checked all transit passenger documents at their transfer counter before we are given a clearance to proceed to our respective gates. We had time to spare so we stayed at ANA Lounge prior to our departure. Boarding was very orderly and they called passengers by row starting from the back. Most of us have been seated 30 minutes before departure time but had to wait for transfer or late passengers so we were leaving around 15 minutes behind schedule. The plane was an 8 year old 788 JA805A but still very clean and in good condition. The seats cushion is fine and here is this net type footrest under the seat in front of you. The load is quite full perhaps 7080 but the flight attendants were able to give out good service. Rice crackers snack, drinks and hand wipes were given after takeoff, and there were two other drink runs afterwards, one with supper and another one with the snack. In between the FAs went around every couple hours to offer bottled water. We got a very good supper White fish or seafood in red sauce  I chose the seafood and it was good! and after that a cheese tomato roll snack an hour or so before we arrived. A FA remembers when I asked for sake for dinner but she didnt have it in her cart, and she promptly return with the sake afterwards. However the crew doesnt seem to be the cheerful type. They are courteous and helpful but they are not as friendly as most ANA FAs I met in the past. As usual in a long flight I took a walk to the back of the plane and stretch in front of the restroom near the back galley, and afterwards returning to my seat through the other aisle. When I was passing the galley a FA was asking if I need anything and that I shouldnt be in the back galley area. Well I told her I was on my way back to my seat but since Im here Ill take a cup of sake and some crackers if she dont mind. It surprises me since in most other long haul flights they always set up a snack basket and beverages in the galleys for people to take themselves and we can always cross the galley when were walking around. This doesnt seem to be the case  or is it because of this particular route or crew, I dont know. Entertainment works well, and we used our 3.5 jack wireless transmitter and bluetooth headphones to avoid the cable tangle. Movie selection is not too extensive but enough for this 7 hours flight. We land in CGK at 11.26 pm or 29 minutes ahead of schedule, and deplaning was done quick and orderly. This is a good flight with ANA but I believe we may have a crew set who were not as enthusiastic or cheerful in providing service, or perhaps due to this flight being a night flight but not a redeye because they all looks kind of tired and reserved.
  I asked to postpone my flight for a later date and they then told me that they had refunded me 1 month later and after me following up every week because they just do not respond to emails, I have not received the funds and I have been communicating with them back and forth since September 2022, they told me that the refund was made in October 2022, it is now January 2023 and I have still not resolved this issue. They now tell me that they have refunded me and no deposits will be made on their behalf. 
  Pathetic and Terrible. Changed the schedule more than 10 times since the booking. At one stage the departure flight from destination became earlier dated than the departure flight from the origin. Due to this, I had to cancel my tickets and suffer losses. Will not consider this airline anymore. Worst experience. I think they make their revenue by people cancelling the flights rather flying with them. Long Live SpiceJet.
  With mechanical fault they held passengers for nearly 4 hours on flight, then authority did not get any responsibility over them. Still no replacement flight when I am writing this review.
  Worst experience ever. They kept changing the flight time, we had to over go a delay of one hour and when we finally got to the airport we waited for an extra one hour because there was another plane in our spot. Not recommended.
 First flight with Norwegian after their suspended their flights due to financial problems. Have to say that they have improved everything. Service was good. FAs were very polite and friendly. Also very good and clear announcements from the cockpit. According to their prices Norwegian is not anymore a low cost carrier, but everything is much better than before. Recommend.
  The worst airline I have ever encountered. We arrived to the airport and they tell us our flight boarding has closed and the manager is coming to talk to us. The manager never came, we had to make a big fuss in the airport and we finally had to lose 3 hours of our time although we were flying back home that night. They made us book another ticket for 300$ after which they ask for cash because even the airport workers put money in their pockets which is fully disgusting to even think of. Again, we never saw the manager who made us wait 30 mins for nothing. Such an awful airplane and airport all in all in Arusha.
  Ive flown this airline in same class before and knew what I can expect. Happy to notice that airline has hold its standard and imparts superior product among all Indian and many EU carriers. Service excellence, catering and safety are few important points I noticed, where Vistara really plays the ball well. On both the sectors, service was excellent and consistent as well as catering. The entire cabin crew are eager at work and does all they could to serve the best. Polite, courteous, warmheart, smartly dressed and professional crew reflecting Indian culture! The catering is among the best. Do not miss the desserts.  A catch I noticed is AVOD should be updated with new movies and series urgently. The selection has to be more vivid, broader and uptodate. After one flight, one can easily run out of options. While onboard product is excellent, where Vistara can really improve is ground customer service. Now for the third time, I got differing information in comparison to representatives on airport. The ground staff is divided on procedures and info. This can be make or break deal because its not reliable.  Cabin crew should keep up the excellent work. A superior product does cost a little more but Vistara is doing its best and she does reflect her heritage inherited from elder sister in Singapore.
Extremely thoughtful and helpful service. DullesOrly roundtrip we traveled with a dog and on both checkins the staff could not have been more helpful reassembling the cage for us providing water for the animal assisting us personally through security. The same attentive help was provided with our luggage which had been unloaded from the belt and assembled in one location when completed immigration procedures. During the flight we found the overall attention to details surprising food was good the selection of wine refreshing the absence of duty free sales commercial pitches and interruptions by the captain most welcome. Overall a pleasant experience further enhanced by the small number of passenger which made both departure and arrival a breeze compared to even preferential treatment when you are part of a crowd 500 strong.
 Traveled MCTCOKMCT outbound Economy and inbound Business. Had a good flight both ways. Food was okay for this short flight. Crew attentive and service oriented. On time performance. Had a good experience with Oman Air. Clean aircraft and timely performance.
 Polaris class SFOPPT and back. Never again. First, checkin for Polaris at SFO was surreal, with 50 people on line and only one agent actively checking Polarisclass passengers in. I found myself longing for the businessclass checkin desks at the other, nonU.S. carriers in the International Terminal, carriers that actually seem to offer a premium service to people who have paid for it. I arrived at the terminal two hours before my United flight but got only 20 minutes in the lounge as a result of this mess. Second, Uniteds boarding process is a slap in the face to passengers who pay upwards of $7000 for a seat in Polaris. If youre not a member of one of their frequentflyer levels, youre forced to board with economyclass passengers. Every other airline in existence lets passengers in the premium cabin board first, before the coach stampede starts with people pushing and shoving to board so they can get first claim to overhead space. This is one reason why I will never fly United again. Third, my berth in Polaris was filthy, with lint and crumbs littering the air vent along the bulkhead. Fourth, the food in Polaris was virtually inedible. Again, when youre paying upwards of $7000 for a ticket, you expect something that isnt going to make you gag. Unfortunately, United is the only airline apart from budget carrier French Bee that flies from SFO to Tahiti nonstop. For any other international route where theres competition, however, I wouldnt conceive of ever flying United Polaris again.
  First time long haul from Gatwick to Orlando Sanford with Thomson airways, flew out on GTUIH in row 36 as we purchased extra space seat, plenty of leg room and seat width was very good. The flight out was excellent, crew friendly and helpful bringing round plenty of complimentary drinks etc. Flight back in row 34 on GTUIC was the same. Aircraft was boarded ready to go on time both ways but had slight delay due to congestion at Gatwick and again in return due to a cargo issue. The aircraft are clean and in excellent condition inside with a very good choice of entertainment. I didnt buy into all the Boeing 787 hype beforehand but it is a fantastic aircraft to fly, in especially after going long haul on the old 747400. Will definitely use Thomson for my next trip.
  Disappointed with Air Nostrum. Air Nostrum said that due to a change of aircraft, the CRJ 1000 instead of the ATR 72 was not fit to land at San Sebastian airport for technical reasons. How come a bigger aircraft like the A319 of Vueling can land in such airport? They diverted us to Pamplona. The flight was delayed more than 2 hours. Finally in Pamplona they took us in a bus to San Sebastian but instead of using the shortest route by motorway, the bus driver told us he was taking the longer route. I reached my destination almost 3 hours later than I was supposed to. 
We flew fastjet from Johannesburg to Mt Kilimanjaro Airport as my family and I had a 4 day game park safari booked. Bags were to be sent straight to Mt Kilimanjaro as there was a transit in Dar Es Salaam. When asking staff at Dar Es Salaam where the bags were just to make sure checked in bags were still with us, they advised us that they had no idea where the bags were  staff were clueless. Then they assured us that it would reach Mt Kilimanjaro based on where we asked for it to be sent, instead of actually tracking the bag. Upon reaching Mt Kilimanjaro, we waited for our bagswhich held all our safari supplies and clothing for 4 days. Nothing came and a claim had to be lodged to find our bags. The lost baggage counter staff called someone from fastjet and found out that the bags were still in Johannesburg. I cannot understand why fast jet Staff could not tell us this information when we asked them in Dar Es Salaam. Took 3 days to find our bags, and by then we had just blown $700US on supplies and clothing for 4 days. We requested the airline to send the bags to Arusha airport as that is where our safari agent could have picked up our bags, but they were rude and refused to assist us with the small issue despite them being the ones who missplaced our bags and did not complete their full service that we paid for transporting bags and passengers on time. Will never fly with them again.
  Terrible experience, would not recommend Sunwing as a tour operator for AllInclusive holidays. Trying to be creative in saving money, Sunwing started combining flights from Toronto to two different destinations although the TripCentral website, were we bought our vacation packages showed Direct flight  in our case they detoured us through Los Cabos before dropping off in our final destination of Ixtapa Los Cabos and Ixtapa are almost 2 hrs of flight apart. We had to go through the customs in Los Cabos, collect our luggage and go through the whole checkin routing again. Normal flight that should take 5 hrs, took 910 hours instead, and for that time it would have been easier to fly to Europe. The crew only gave us soft drinks during the whole ordeal and as a bonus  tiny packs of cookies during the second leg of the journey. Due to lack of time in the interim destination they did not clean seats properly and the magazine pocket of my seat 28F contained traces of snacks from the previous passenger. On the way back fellowpassengers who flew from Toronto to Las Cabos via Ixtapa, had to disembark at Ixtapa, go through all that jazz with customsluggagecheckin and in addition customs took away all the goods bought at the Duty Free in Toronto and charged them penalty. Instead of taking responsibility, Sunwing crew blamed Mexico customs. As far as I my family concerned, we will never fly with Sunwing again.
  So Paulo to Perth via Johannesburg. The flight from So Paulo to Johannesburg was okay with good service. Entertainment is poor due to the size of the TV monitor. The second flight from Johannesburg to Perth could have been better. The flight attendants served dinner quickly and soon all the lights were off although there was a lot of turbulence. The entertainment is really poor and the cabin layout is not very modern.
  Flew Thomson from London Gatwick to Mauritius. My first time flying in the Boeing Dreamliner and despite initially being sceptical on all the hype about the airy cabin environment I have to say both outbound and inbound flights were the best I have encountered when flying Premium Economy cabin long haul. Being of 6 foot 2 inches in height and weighing 18 stone I found the premium ecomomy seating extremely comfortable seat 3G both ways and even got the passenger in front of me to fully recline their seat to see if it impinged on my comfort, it did not. Both flights were punctual, I believe this had a lot to do with the well administered boarding arrangements at both airports. The service in Premium Economy was first rate, the outbound flight having slightly the edge over the inbound one with the food quality seeming to be of a better standard on the flight out. The cabin staff were very frequent visitors with the drinks trolley, especially during the early stage of the journey and this probably contributed to me spending a large portion of the outbound night flight sleeping. I cannot comment on the cabin media as I did not watch any films but my wife says that TUI could do with updating their film offerings. In summary, very comfortable flights with good service. I would definitely fly Thomson Airways Premium Economy cabin on the Boeing Dreamliner again.
 My sons connecting flight got delayed by 2 hours not including the time he would already be layed over so I called and spoke to a man who was so helpful and very quick about it. I couldnt be happier with their services. Dont get me wrong, we always fly American as they have always been good to us but today went above and beyond to help us without any problems at all. Thank you American airlines.
  Chicago to Bangkok via Seoul. I did not make to the Korean air portion of the flight, so this more about the service. Weather caused our American Airlines initial flight all booked through the Korean Air website, to be delayed multiple times causing us to miss our connecting flight to Seoul and ultimately to Bangkok. Called the Korean air service line and they suggested requesting the gate agent to ask them to hold the flight. American agents said Korean does not do that. After calling both airline service lines and having close to an hour delay, they both said the other airlines had to change it. American was adamant this is a Korean ticket and only they can release to change. BTW, 2 kids under 5 that had been up since 4 am, so we were not in the mood to run around the airport. Chicago transfer agent K20 gate, wouldnt let us transfer, so had to go out of security to get to terminal 5. So took the bus, with whole family in tow, to terminal 5. The Korean Air agents used very polite words to say it wasnt their problem, they would not help and the best they could do was standby for tomorrow and since the flight was full, very unlikely to go tomorrow. That was the last straw. Helping me to resolve the problem is the job of the Korean Air service counter team, when I bought tickets from their company. The utter lack of caring or willingness to do anything amazed me. Korean Air lost a customer for life today. I had used Korean air for last 10 years at least 23 round trips Asia a year. Will stick with someone else from now on.
  Boarding and seating was fine. First flight was in what I would call premium economy, whereas the second flight was in, albeit tired, in business class. The food was not very much what I would call pride of Africa standard but the attendants were very helpful. I was very concerned when we were sprayed with a very noxious smelling substance  8 canisters held by two attendants. Without any prior warning or consultation. The contents of these canisters was not revealed to me even though i asked. I am on day 7 of feeling very ill with breathing trouble and eyesight and diarrhoea. I attribute this to the 3 episodes of being sprayed  once on the first flight, then again while stationery at Victoria falls by crew with big spray containers and hand sprays as you would do in a field or should not do. Then again after departure from Nairobi. The food was mediocre to poor. Id hate to think what the economy class food was like if this was business class. My seat in the first plane could not recline and the seat in the second one struggled to go up or down. Well I certainly would like to know what we were sprayed with and how we were not informed thereof.
 I WOULD NOT recommend Jetstar. Not only did we have to pay for luggage that was over 20kg, we also had to check our expensive camera, drone and go pro because they do not accept anything above 7kg for a carry on! After paying for the baggage allowance! Our luggage did not arrive at our destination. It has been four days since we landed and we still have no update on where our luggage is. We were told that it would be on the next flight which was to land today on December 4th and now we are being told they actually have no way of verifying if it got on the plane. The customer service has been extremely rude and unhelpful. Worst company ever and I will be telling people by word of mouth to not fly with Jetstar.
 The absolute worst airline Ive ever flown with first our flight leaving Cleveland left an hour late for the pilot not showing up, then as we were about to land and go to our connecting flight they cancelled. We then waited 6 hours on Seattle airport to reschedule. My 4 year had to sleep on the cold floor no water or food and drink places open at that hour. A news crews even talked to us after seeing him shivering sleeping on the floor. The airline then rescheduled us for the following night and that flight is now delayed 3 hours and climbing from having no crew. Very unreliable worst airline Ive ever experienced. I will never fly or recommend this airline to anyone ever again almost 3,000 people stranded in Seattle solely for this airline due to their own fault on Christmas day!
XiamenXian with stop over. On time good and fast checkin 737800 new aircraft only tiny refreshment for a 4 hours flight. Very efficient service at stop over Wuhan good leg room clean aircraft.
Flew from BHX to Ashgabat. It was a night journey but no blankets offered. Food was not very nice so I took my own with me the drinks were ok. This was on a Boeing 757. No entertainment but I was already aware of this as I had flown with them before the leg room was good. Some staff were nice.
  Istanbul to Moscow. This airline is the worst airline Ive ever tried, it was the worst experience. Although the plane is good, it started by the hand luggage and they will make you pay 25 euros if you didnt do online check in. The staff in the airport are rude and close registration one hour before the flight. When we tried to complain to Pobeda office in Vnukovo airport Moscow, we received the same rudeness, and they literally said to me if you dont like it, dont fly with us again.
  Dubai to Oslo. The check in went smoothly, the gate was remote though. We waited almost an hour, cause they waited an answer if they could bring transit passengers to Norway, which closed the country for foreigners that day. The plane was almost fully booked, but some free seats here and there. We sat in the second last row, and had a free middle seat. We sat pretty comfortable, the seat is not that narrow as i have experienced on other LCCs. The crew was nice, helpful and very friendly. I tried the free wifi only, it worked part of the way, pretty slow.We could have bought more speed for 5 eur, but i prefer reading books. We landed 20 minutes after schedule
  Worst baggage experience I have ever had. My bag not only took an hour to come out, it was soaking wet all the way through. It was a 4 hour drive after this to find everything stained with whatever was near my bag, my uggs ruined, and not dry socks or underwear. So I file a complaint to be told it wasnt said at the airport or 4 hours after the flight so it is invalid. If thats how a company like this needs to make 40$ so be it will not be flying with them ever again. Paying extra to have my bags ruined and an hour added on to my 15 hour travel day? I dont think so, never again!
  In both my two flights with them, from Milan to Moscow and back I got in trouble with the online check in. First flight was impossible to online check in because their unfunctional web page and at the airport I had to pay 25€ fee. Many passenger got in the same trouble. The staff told me to ask a refund to an e mail addres but still nobody answer me. On the way back I got in trouble on the payment for an added luggage I requested online. Because their website makes my wish to pay unrealized saying some sort of error unspecified occur, even that time the online check in was not possible and I needed to pay at the airport. My demand for refund, another time not answered. Need to say also that the carry on board luggage has no sense, you can barely carry on board a pair of spare shoes because they are already too big. I recommend to avoid use this company, is better pick another one, maybe more expensive, because with pobeda you end to pay more, have a worst flight and waste a lot of time.
  Nice to Riga via Tallinn. Its a shame to pay 60 euros for 3 kilos extra, for items I purchased at the duty free. This is not acceptable. airbaltic only care about money. Never again.
  Im quite a frequent flyer and my flight with Smartwings from Gatwick to Prague was one of the worst one Ive ever experienced. The overall service and attitude was just appalling. They fly old and dirty aircraft with very limited leg room. But what is even worse is their customer service. On my last flight from London, me and other two people were late for our baggage checkin by approx 15 minutes due to industrial action on UK railways. The Smartwings representative were notified by the front desk, however they wouldnt make any effort to check in our bags even though, the boarding hadnt finished and we would still make it in time for our departure. We all had to pay for new flight tickets for the following morning.
  Paris to Newark. Sitting in a lounge for hours without any information. We are told that there are delays due to possible mechanical trouble. Feeling absolutely ignored. Will never fly with this airline again!
  The outbound journey was delayed 10 hours in Port Moresby. The delayed flight was organised to leave at 2am, however no ground staff at airport were organised, so we sit on tarmac until ground staff arrive at 5am. The return flight from Pohpei was supposed to leave Pohnpei at 2 am and actually left 9.45am. I turned up to airport at 2 am and found out the flight was rescheduled to 9.45am. I contacted AirNuigini twice via email prior to departure to confirm that no changes had been made. I received an email saying that your servers were not working. I was not contacted about this change, but others on the flight all new about this change a week before, as they had booked flights only a week earlier. Therefore, you new about the changes a week earlier, did not advise me or even book me on the forward leg of the journey. The flight leaves Pohnpei at 9.45am, but we are not booked on the continuing flight from Port Moresby to Brisbane. This flight leaves half empty, and several passengers are not booked on this flight because Quants reservations are not open on Sunday. People who booked the week earlier are however on the flight. We were then sent to Sydney Airport and a connecting flight arranged to Brisbane. When we land in Sydney, Qantas advise us that Air Nuigini connection to Brisbane is illegal because there is less than an hour between flights. The checkin had closed and there are no more flights that day. We are then stranded at Sydney Airport with no contact available from either Quantas or Airi Nugini. We then go to Flight Centre and are told there is only one flight left to Brisbane at a cost of $800. Some passengers take this option, but I dont trust the airline to compensate me. So I am stranded with nobody to contact In Sydney at 7pm at night. Luckily some stranger took pity on me and let me sleep on their couch for the night. I contacted your airline in the morning and I was rebooked to Brisbane at 11am with Qantas. Qantas then advised that my 2 bags of 15kg were subject to excess baggage fee of $70. Eventually I got home at 12pm in Brisbane.
 Jakarta to Bangkok then to Tokyo Narita onboard two different Boeing 777300ERs. I was originally sceptical about this airline, but after trying these two flights, I was genuinely surprised by their service. The crews were absolutely friendly and one of them even went the extra mile to help me take pictures. Ground service at Jakarta and Narita was also fast, efficient, and friendly, but the ground staff at Bangkok were a disgrace to Thais Land of Smiles label, hence bringing the rating down one star. Seatwise, the JakartaBangkok leg had the more comfortable seat, while the BangkokNarita one was on the inferior side, although it had a footrest installed. Meals on both legs were delicious beyond belief, and for the BangkokNarita leg, I was served two meals instead of just one that many carriers do nowadays. Their InFlight Entertainment system was superb in terms of responsiveness, contents, and layout, although the IFE on the BangkokNarita leg was a tad laggy due to the age of the system. Face masks, at the time of my flight, were no longer mandatory. I used to be sceptical of Thai due to the recent reviews, but it turns out that they brought me a surprise of my life. Will definitely try them again. They are an absolute star!
  Flew Air Dolomiti from Amsterdam to Munich. Good flight and on time. Crew looked tired and were not very friendly. Plane looked well maintained and clean. Seats very comfortable and good leg space. A small snack was served during the flight.
  Smaller among all domestic airline in India operating only small bodied aircraft connecting tier 2 and tier 3 cities on smaller route. We flown from Udaipur to Ahmedabad, just an hour journey. Check in was smooth and so as boarding, before time departure and arrival. Aircraft used was ATR 72600 still seat configuration was comfortable, better than A320 or Boeing 737 operated by other domestic airlines. Other than water no meal service. Flight was not as smooth as any narrow bodied still no major problem in comfort. As long as flight tickets are reasonably priced this airline is recommended.
  Beijing to Boston, as an international student, flight comfort and ticket price are primary for me, and Hainan Airline achieved my standard. Great food and drink, 2 mean meals and free light meal between these with snacks. The cabin crew service is professional. I recommend Hainan Airlines.
  Milan Bergamo to Tirana. I was denied boarding and forced to buy new tickets on Blue Panorama flights, as my second name and third names were not on my ticket. This obligation wasnt clear, the airlines rules are ambiguous and Expedia.it for example, doesnt require the second name for a Blue Panorama ticket. The airline doesnt offer online checkin and changes cant be made less than 24 hours in advance. Blue Panoramas rules are profoundly different to that of other airlines and evidently do not conform to the most basic international standards. So far, the airline has refused compensation. 
  I booked a flight from Lisbon to Cluj via Bucharest, both flights with Blue Air. In Lisbon I was only issued the boarding pass for LisbonBucharest. Upon arrival in Bucharest with a 1h layover I was told I had not checked in and need to go to the agency and pay for my checkin. Mine was not the only such issue. I finally paid 40 eur for the checkin and nearly missed my flight.
Edelweiss Air were great flying from Edinburgh to Zurich. Firstly, the price was considerably cheaper than flying with a lowcost carrier to an airport further away from my final destination I was visiting a friend in Konstanz  these flights were cheaper than EasyJet to either Basel or Stuttgart. I was given a free meal, albeit cold with freshly baked hot bread, for a 2h flight. The staff were also great with me when I asked them how to get to the Airport train station in a different building to where you land to continue my journey to Konstanz. The return was equally satisfying.
CGNPMI. Flight on a Sunday before vacation time. Checkin was easy and seat request was honored. While boarding newspapers were available. Flight left on time on a Boeing 737. Coffee and Soft drinks as well as a sandwich was provided free. Last year they served a hot meal. After 1 hour and 55 minutes we reached PMI and bags came after a 2530 minutes waiting time. Seat are kind of hard to sit it but for a short flight still ok. Screens showed comic films for free headset were charged with 5 euros.
  Cape Town to Johannesburg. Ok flight, takeoff delayed by 45 minutes due to late arrival of aircraft, checkin grumpy and idiotic demanding to weigh a small framed painting that did not even weigh 500gr, despite ample luggage allowance not used up, supervisor felt staff did the right thing, amazing.
 Citilink from Kupang to Surabaya on an Airbus A320. Checkin was quick and smooth. The boarding process was fast and I was greeted by friendly cabin crew. The flight departed a bit late but arrive on time. The seat was quite comfortable for me. Overall, I always enjoyed fly with Citilink and will consider to fly with them again. I think Citilink is now the best LCC in Indonesia.
Luxembourg  London City return. On a route where Luxair has real competition they are having to alter price and service to properly compete. This return to London saw passengers served an adequate sandwich and drink plus refreshing wipe after take off and sweets before landing. Price was very good for Luxair and the overall service was friendly but unremarkable. To note that on the way back all to Luxembourg all passengers were presented with a bottle of Luxembourg champagne style drink  a nice touch. This compares with the VLM service which currently dishes out a presentation box of English Tea!
  During a recent trip November 9, 2022 from Florence Italy to New York my luggage was damaged beyond repair. Upon clearing customs and retrieving my bag and noticing the damage immediately went to a claim kiosk to document the damage. I received a claim number and received information to contact ITA airways. I have since been in contact with ITA via email, and telephone several time trying to get compensated for my loss. To this date January 4, 2023 have not had this issue resolved after giving them all of the information including pictures they have requested. The only contact I have received are stock emails confirming my contact with them. I am very displeased and will not fly with them again if given a choice.
 Service was rushed especially the Muscat to Manila flight. Also no alcohol was served which was a let down. Being first timer on Omar Air I was excited but I was wrong.
  Milan to Miami. From the outside the plane looks cute with its paintings and markings. On the inside the plane has an old musty smell. The pillows were decent but the blankets felt like they just shake it off and fold. The seats are small, narrow and cramped. They do have a great selection of movies and tv shows and even have live TV available. This would be great if the movies and shows had subtitles in English because the headphones do not work. I asked for another one and was told its my last one. You can only hear from one a ear bud and the sound quality is very bad. To start the staff hands us a ripped menu. The options were beef or vegetarian. When they get to us they had run out of beef. I am adamant that I dont want anything. The staff said the gnocchi is good and he likes it more than Beef, and that I should give it a try. I relent, only to hear him tell the guy behind me that theres a special menu  mushrooms with polenta. Why wasnt this offered to us as well? The gnocchi did end up being pretty decent, but was the only thing edible on that try. Their appetizer was what I think was a tuna salad, I found the bread horrible. They serve coffee after meals. The staff gave me a stern look when I asked for a cup of water and a cup of soda. They also served gelato during the flight which was not bad. And the last meal was a slice of pizza with a brownie pizza was decent but brownie I found disgusting. Bathrooms were standard but kept clean throughout. Checkin was fairly easy, I just checked in online but I did not have to check in any baggage so I cant comment on this.  No delays and flight arrived an hour earlier. This made me happy and was the redeeming quality of this flight.
Zagreb  Paris CDG in business class. Cabin layout was European business class configuration 33 with centre seat converted into a table. Cabin crew hospitable. After take off a full lunch was served. Duty free sales conducted prior to arrival in Paris. Overall a very pleasant flight with cheerful flight attendants.
  New York to Lisbon via Casablanca. I was surprised with the quality of the service. It is basic but super competitive. You get two free 2 luggages checked in for economy plus cabin luggage. The plane wasnt the cleanest, but I can live with that. Online entertainment was also good and I ordered a special meal and that was also free! Layover in Casablanca was an hour and smooth connection through security! I am happy to see RAM offering such as competitive service and much better value for money than all European airlines. I am going to be using them from now on coming to Europe. I cant afford the other European airlines, as they became so expensive and they make you pay for luggage separately.
  I booked a flight on August 2nd for 4 members Myself, wife, 2 kids. I was very happy to see a fight which was departing early from Bangalore to Jaipur. However 3 days before travel, the flight was rescheduled at 1130 AM. After a day, It was rescheduled for 1100 AM. Actually, I booked this flight so that I could reach Jaipur early and then drive from Jaipur to Hanumangarh. One day before the travel, it was rescheduled at 330 PM. In the airport, Flight was again delayed and left around 4 20 PM. Because of this inconvenience, we had to stay in Jaipur and leave next day morning. I had specially spoken to Customer care regarding travelling with 2 small kids and they agreed to put our cabin baggage to checkin baggage as one luggage by hearing about our travel. However, on the airport counter, the lady said i cannot do so and need to speak with customer care. Sir, if you have issue, you need to submit a complaint. From my side, I was totally helpless by hearing from their side. Frankly, they need to have a uniformity regarding their rules and regulation. If they agreed anything through customer support, they need to update that on my booking. Anyways, after a long struggle and repeated requests, they agreed. Personally, This was my first and last time I travelled on GoAir. 
  The staff at Dublin airport are very rude and unprofessional. I was 3 hours early for my flight from Dublin to New York. I needed help at the Dublin airport. I asked 5 different Aer Lingus staff for help and was told 5 different answers. I even spoke to a supervisor who was the worst of all the staff. In the end I missed my flight and had to reschedule. For Dublin to be the home hub for this airline they were the worst people to deal with. The hub in New York at JFK airport was must nicer and professional. The WIFI did not work in the plane and only half of the screens worked. The plane staff even made an announcement about the screens freezing up while watching a movie. The lady in the seat in front of us had a broken seat. It only reclined.
  Flying back to Houston through Monterey from Mexico City. When you arrive non stop to CDMX, immigration does not stamp your passport. They give you a paper receipt. When I go to fly back, I arrive at the airport and get in line at Vivas counter. Their website does not allow you to get a boarding pass you must get in line. Then, they had me wait in line for 30 minutes only to tell me, because my connection is through Monterrey, I must go to another terminal to Vivas domestic counter. Wait in line again, only for them to say, I need to be in a different line. Finally 1.5 hours later I get my pass. The plane is cramped I get it, its a budget airline when you arrive at MTY, they have jetways, but they dont use them. So you deboard on the tarmac. It was 97 degrees. Then they take you on a chaotic run through a tight busy terminal to a bus. You board and drive around the airport to a different terminal. Another long run through a worse chaotic terminal. At this point they say, Houston? Yes about 7 of us step aside. We wait for 10 minutes they arent explaining what or where is next. Finally, follow us. We walk the entire terminal to the farthest gate. Im leaving out that at every one of these stops, they check all our documents. Multiple times. Now at the gate, they look at passports and declare we have to go to immigration because CDMX doesnt stamp our passports. Walk the terminal again, checking documents multiple times, onto a bus, walk through another terminal, with multiple stops and checks. Immigration stamps the passport and we are told to walk to either gate 1 or 2. Which one? 1 or 2, it doesnt matter.  Walk back through the entire airport basically back to where we originally were, only to barely make the flight. I had 2 hours in between flights and thats what it took. It was super chaotic, hot and crowded. Make certain you never fly through Mexico with a connecting flight. Its absolutely not worth it. And Ive flown to CDMX many times.
  With less than 24 hours received a notification of change time of flight from 13.35 to 8.40 I tried to contact numoreous of time from noon till 8pm and still cant find answer to resolve my situation instead is either you take the condition or just refund attitude from the CS I think as customer if given reasonable reason e.g. whether condition, etc I can still accept it. But this is outregous the reason is rescheduled from HQ, thats it! Me as customer has to be the one cancelled my schedule work without clear reason. I feel this one of the most unfulfilling service experience a customer can get with the unprofesionalism no call backs, I am the one who needs to call so many times to find out my status, but they did call once to inform. And by the sound of it he is just a pity junior staff who cant answer anything  this shows very poor management, the call ended by promisiing I will be called back which 5 hours pass and no call backs. I wont recommend this airline at all!!
  I had flown Norwegian long haul many times before so I had a pretty good idea what I was in for. My sister and I had snagged up the flights for a deal, we are good travelers, no checked bags just cary ons. I selected exit row seating when booking 64 and I really need that extra room and it was so worth it. The plane was freezing but I noticed they were selling blankets for $5 so I think this was a tactic. I am unsure why there is no WiFi onboard. The onboard entertainment had a decent selection with USB changer on screen. I didnt use the inflight entertainment with the limitations of bluetooth headphones  flying with Norse again soon and I did purchase some traditional head phones so I wont struggle to download shows to my phone. All in all they are a budget carrier, I had a fantastic flight both too and from, no food was provided thats an extra $30 but we knew this and came well prepared. Flight attendant was nice and was a hold over from the previous Norwegian Long Haul. If you are used to Norwegian nothing about this airline should surprise you.
  We landed 3 weeks ago in Amsterdam and are still waiting for our luggage. Impossible to reach customer service. No communication whatsoever. Come on Austrian Airlines! Take your responsibility.
  Melbourne to Hobart return. Both flights operated on time, and baggage appeared reasonably quickly on the carousel. The flight down on a 737 Max was very smooth and pleasant. The boarding process from the rear was very efficient, and the cabin service was good. The flight back on a rather tired looking 737 wasnt quite as pleasant, with unclear boarding announcements and more rushed cabin service, but still OK. Hot drinks and water were served free only water on the outward trip. There are different bag drop procedures in Melbourne and Hobart. In Melbourne, dont imagine that you can go straight to bag drop if you have checked in at home. No! You must go to the checkin machine to get your bag tag first. You might as well save time at home and check in at the airport. In Hobart, please go to the bag drop counter to get your bag tag.
  Flydubai gave a good experience, the flight staff were professional and attentive. They made us feel welcome and it wasnt a problem to ask for drinks. The food was good and seating was comfortable.
  The communication from staff is the worst of any airline Ive flown. We waited at the gate yesterday with the airline claiming the flight was on time until after the expected departure time. Finally 5 minutes after our expected departure time they announced the flight was entirely cancelled. JetStar Japan took no accountability and refused to help anyone rebook, explain what happens to the overweight bag costs they had already charged, or anything else youd expect. Thankfully JAL got us rebooked, sadly connecting with Jetstar Japan again. Now day 2 trying to fly a 1 hour flight with Jetstar Japan, theyre over 20m late and are still claiming theyre on time. Will we fly today to make our connection with JAL to the US? No idea. Me and hundreds of others who found out after departure time yesterday that they had cancelled wait on tenderhooks .. cancellations and delays happen. The complete lack of timely communication or support is a disgrace. Ill not fly Jetstar Japan again, nor JAL if it requires connection via Jetstar Japan.
  We flew to Manila on June 6 from YVR with seats that was prebooked 38H, 38K, 38J and paid $50 CAD per seat only to find out that the TV on one of those seats were broken. Then we had the same seats booked for our return on June 26, also paid $50 per seat and to our surprise, this time not only one but two of our seats had broken TVs no plug in for head sets. After complaining to the crew, nothing was done! Considering how expensive their tickets are with the product and service they offer, never again! Also, why do they have to do another x ray of bags at the boarding gate at NAIA when all security checks are already done when entering airside? It creates unnecessary chaos and another line up in an already overly crowded airport in manila! Never again with PAL.
 Unforgivable terrible airline. They opted not to upgrade their technology causing massive cancellations and delays across the board. Then to rebook our flight there was a 23 hour wait. We lost all of our luggage and have no answers. We were left stranded 3000 miles from home. This was the worst airline experience of my life hands down. Shame on you Southwest.
 Overall a good experience than previous flights I have gone through. Perfect service management and ontime management. I would rate it a 5 star flight for economy class
  Guadalajara to Chicago . Do not fly with them just cause its cheaper. They make up for it by getting you with every little thing while you are about to board. Worse experience ever. Will never be using them again.
Flew many times with Lao Airlines, mostly on time. The seats are comfortable and onboard service good.  Just the tickets sometimes are expensive for very short routes, but competitors are missing.
  New York JFK to Georgetown. Miserable experience with Caribbean Airlines. The checkin agents at JFK were  disrespectful  not a single smile, didnt want to use my credit card for my 2nd luggage because it was too many fields to enter into the AR system. The airplane is very antiquated. For example, the cloth seat covering appears dirty, tray table is dirty, windows had cracks, flight attendants are forgetful, and restroom is dirty. I do not recommend using Caribbean Airlines.
  Upon arrival to Cayo Largo, our luggage was lost after a direct flight from Toronto to Cayo Largo. A fiasco was about to start, nobody could help us locate our luggage, nobody knew how to contact Toronto to see if our luggage was sent on the plane, nobody understood what we were trying to ask. After the Cubana Hola Sun representative finally understood that we did not receive our luggage, and had an airport rep scribble on a piece of paper of apparently what seemed to be a lost luggage report. The Hola Sun rep insisted we get on a bus to our hotel, when we wanted to receive answers before leaving the airport on the status of where our luggage was located and how we can have access to it. Nobody wanted to make a call to Toronto. They indicated the only flight from Toronto to Cayo Largo was the 5th of August, the day we were leaving Cayo Largo, and we had no other options in regards to receiving our luggage. We left the airport after the Hola Sun rep told us she would take care of this. The next morning at our group meeting with the same Hola Sun Cubana rep, she did not recognize us and did not know we had lost our luggage. She scribbled beside our room number lost luggage. She told us again that she had no way of contacting Toronto to see where our luggage was and that she had no control in this matter. The following day we approached the rep yet again about our lost luggage and that we had nothing for the entire week in the deserted island of Cayo Largo, she said we should contact the Cubana rep at the Cayo Largo that only works after 1PM. She again did not want to call Toronto Cubana Airline for us to see if the luggage was there or not. The next day, she had no idea who we were and said she did not deal with lost luggage. Finally, day 4 of our trip, still no baggage, no sunscreen, no clothes, no snorkelling kits, no shoes, a new rep comes on duty and immediately takes charge and types a Microsoft Word document stating we lost our luggage and signs it, still no report sent to YYZ stating they lost our luggage. She then tells us she spoke to the Cayo Largo Airport rep of Cubana that will send our luggage to Cayo Largo tomorrow via Varadero. The next morning, we prepare to be ready for the arrival of the 6.45AM plane from Varadero, to finally receive our luggage. Nothing, nobody knows, no claims about lost luggage, no reports, no file . Day 6, we go see the rep again, who states your luggage could have never sent because YYZ Cubana is on strike, sorry. Day 7, finally we leave this fiasco, on route to YYZ to see about where could our luggage be. We arrive in YYZ at 1AM, no reports about lost luggage, nobody at Baggage Claim knows what we are talking about, Cubana. He brings us into a closet, hundreds of lost luggage unorganized piled on top of each other, a dozen of strollers, bugs, humidity smell, and he says to check in there by ourselves. Desperate, we search through the piled on top of each other, nothing. The Baggage Claim in YYZ tells us to call in the morning, nobody knows and theres no claim report in their system and they refuse to file an official report for us in the system, stating only this one person can do the actual report. 2AM we drive 5 hours home hoping maybe the luggage was sent home during our time away. Nothing. 5 days of phone calls, we find the luggage. 
LIS to LAD. The flight was delayed seven hours  first because of a mechanical problem and then because of the airport curfew in LIS. This left only 30 minutes to make our connection in LAD for our flight to WDH. TAAG put us in a hotel for the night free of charge. The staff in LIS were helpful and friendly. We ended up making our 30 minute connection because a TAAG agent in Luanda had checked us in for our connecting flight and escorted us to our Air Namibia flight to WDH. The flight was operated by a Boeing 777200ER which was comfortable. There is AVOD mood lighting footrests and winged headrests on this aircraft. The food was tasty and cabin crew friendly.
  Plane arrived in Ft Lauderdale and I proceeded to the carousel to retrieve my bag. I waited nearly three hours for the bags to be delivered. Apparently it was raining and lightning and the airline would not send crews out in the weather. Three hours seems like a long wait, but if it was for security reasons, I would have understood. However, Jet Blue never sent a rep to inform people of the issue, how it was being resolved or how long it would take. There were a multitude of carousels with people waiting for bags and JB was NO help. They were making announcements over a PA system that most of us could not hear or understand. There were a few JB employees  waiting with passengers. I approached one and asked if he knew what the problem was. He suggested I go to the Baggage Service Office. There were three women sitting there. Not one of them wandered out of their office to explain to everyone at the airport waiting for luggage what the problem was. When I asked she said I just spoke with them. Theyre working on it. The lack of concern and professionalism was very disappointing. One passenger said her husband got an $80 ticket waiting for her. My friends waited over 2 hours in the cell phone lot  one of them is in a wheelchair. No offer of some kind of compensation or an apology. I also had spotty wifi. Not the first time this has happened to me on a JB flight. It used to be my preferred airline. Next flight I will shop around. This was one of the worst flight experiences Ive ever had. No wonder theyre 7. I remember when they used to be 1 customer rated.
  Ground staff and flight staff were rude and more interested in their own interactions than looking after customers. Ground staff were disorganised and flustered. They took their frustrations out on customers. Both the ground staff and flight staff were lacking in customer service skills and behaved like customers were an inconvenience rather than the Airlines core business. This is so unfortunate and I find it an embarrassment for how foreign visitors are treated. Qantas has for many years been too casual and aloof in their customer interactions. They can learn a lot from the Asian carriers. Additionally Qantas smashed our checked luggage so the case is no longer usable. Baggage Services at the airport said yes it was an obvious issue and Qantas would look after it. After submitting the damage and Baggage Services reference number to Qantas they replied saying they do not cover dents, scratches or normal wear and tear. Photo shows what they consider a scratch.
  Worst flight with Qantas. We used to fly Qantas quite often to Australia before covid, but my friends and I have had a terrible experience with Qantas on a recent trip to Bali. Our flight went via Sydney, which was delayed for an hour, by the time we made it to Sydney, we had to sprint to get to our connecting flight to Bali, our friends were told that there baggage had to be collected in Sydney to then be checked in for the flight to Bali  which made no sense, as it was an international transit. So half of us made it to the gate just in time, where we were met with rude staff, who blamed us for not telling our friends that they should have come straight to the gate as their bags were already loaded on the aircraft along with ours  but we didnt want to go against what they had been told. So our friends missed the flight! To top things off, our baggage was not on the flight, even though the staff at the gate told us everyones baggage was on the flight. So we spent the first 3 days of our trip in Bali with no clothes to do the activities we wanted to do, our friends arrived a day late they were not put up in a hotel by qantas, they had to buy a room themselves and we were only compensated $60NZD which got us either a cheap shirt and shorts or bikinis for 3 days. Were all sick of Qantas after that trip, definitely worth paying an extra few $100 for quality service on Air New Zealand.
  Astana to Dubai. It was very nice family trip from start to finish. Everything about the flight was perfect, quick checkin, boarding, quality of special meal, reservation of seats and comfort, kids amenities, entertainment system, cleanness of cabin. I would only recommend to provide wifi access but cabin crew informed me that internet is available on some flights. Since I flew with my daughter of 4 years old I had things to do and hadnt had a chance to enjoy internet anyway. Crew is very positive and i have been individually welcomed as a Silver member. Overall it was very memorable flight and I would recommend Air Astana!
 Flew Bulgaria Air from Amsterdam to Sofia. Endless boarding due to too much hand luggage, 1.5 hours delayed of course due to weather and this airline believes its passengers dont have legs as there is no leg room at 30c and I am 1.87m. Price reasonable and can not collect points with other frequent flyer cards, booking on internet no AMEX accepted.
  Shanghai to Melbourne. Last minute trip booked for a family of 4 2 adults, 2 children, 6 yrs and 2 yrs. Was originally scheduled to fly back to MEL from HK but had to double back to Shanghai and Cathay did not have any available flights to MEL til 12119. Had to settle with China Eastern Airlines as they flew direct to MEL. MU739 was due to depart SH at 1220am on 5th Jan. By the time we reached the gate, we had already been awake for 22 hours funeral was on the morning of 4th Jan. Was advised by ground staff at gate to bring stroller onto bus and give to ground staff on tarmac to ensure it is taken on board. There was no airline employee on tarmac when the bus arrived next to the plane, either to control foot traffic or to receive my stroller. Most passengers crowded onto the staircase leading to the entrance of the plane, the bitter cold and wet weather did not help matters. China Eastern Airlines has a policy of rescanning boarding passes right before boarding the plane to avoid abscondees? which they decided to carry out half way up the covered staircase, in turn creating a bottleneck situation with more than half of the bus passengers left on the tarmac exposed to the cold and rain. I had no choice but to carry the folded stroller, along with carryon luggage and trying to hold on to my 6 yr old daughter, up the slippery and overcrowded staircase. She slipped and fell 3 times along the way. While I was complaining to a flight attendant, the Cabin Manager intervened and accused me of being disrespectful and threatened to throw me off the flight. The cabin manager took all of my criticisms of the airlines practices as personal attack and insisted that I was insulting him. I attempted to deescalate the situation by going to my seat but he blocked the passage way and shoved me when I tried to go past him. I did not make any further contact with him after I found my seats. 15 minutes later, ground security approached me, to ask me to leave the flight. I tried to appeal to the Captain of the plane but was told that my emotional state posed a safety concern for the rest of the passengers and that an apology to the cabin manager could have rectified the situation but it was too late. My request for an interpreter was denied we were given 1 minute to decide whether I leave on my own or together as a family airline staff promised there would be assistance available back at the departure gate. However, we discovered there was no one to assist us, apart from two lowly ranked employees who brought our checkedin luggage. We ended up being stranded at Shanghai airport for 20 hours until the next available CE flight as the airline refused to refund me the airfare or transfer us to a different airline. I spoke to no fewer than a dozen CE staff at the airport and on the customer service helpline, no one acknowledged the desperate situation we were in. As this was a last minute trip to attend a funeral service, we did not carry much Chinese currency on us Currency exchange was also closed, local sim card to make phone calls for external assistance. Since this incident, I have followed up on average twice a day with CE. To date, all I have received are broken promises to call within x hours and handballing of my complaint. 
  Cairo is a 5 hour flight and BA considers it to be short haul, so everyone is crammed in with knees pressed up against the seat in front and nothing in the way of inflight entertainment. Not even a magazine  which is now available by WiFi that you have to pay for. You have to pay for your seat choice, checked in baggage, food  drink, WiFi. Not that I have anything against that  Im used to that on budget airlines  but this is for a premium price ticket. I would have preferred to fly on easyJet where the initial ticket would have been less, and the extras would have been half the price. The BA app and website makes it really difficult to understand the extras and we ended up with baggage on the wrong ticket so had to pay extra. And dont get me started on their customer service helpline. On board the staff are ok but on the long CairoLondon route they spend most of their time on a break where they use the back row or two and talk loudly without any consideration for the passengers. And for the flyers who dont want the hassle of charges, minimal cabin service, and budget seats, then they could easily provide a premium economy option  and really make a difference for the experience. Heathrow Terminal 5 compounds the poor experience, especially for arrivals. It is also poorly served by transport links  especially for those of us who live near Gatwick which is being abandoned by BA. I have been a frequent flyer for many years  and was even a BA Gold Card holder at one point  so I know about the potential experience. I used be able to make the choice  do I fly budget, or do I fly more comfortably for more? Now its a case of flying budget, or flying budget for double the price with BA. 
  This flight from Shenzhen to Brisbane was the last of four flights we took with Hainan Airlines on our round trip from Australia to China. The first three flights were all in Economy class. While the flights were all fairly good, we didnt feel the food and service to be quite up to the standard of other carriers that weve used. But our main issue was that after we had boarded and were seated in Economy prior to departure on the Shenzhen to Brisbane flight, which was a night flight, there was an announcement asking any passengers who wished to upgrade to Business class to contact one of the flight attendants. As we were both fairly tired and the Economy section of the airplane was almost full, we thought we might treat ourselves to an upgrade if the cost was reasonable. So I approached one of the flight attendants to find out what the cost of upgrading would be, and she asked to see our boarding passes to check what our fare class was. After a short while, she came back with one of her colleagues and said that it would cost 5,000 CNY Chinese Yuan each to upgrade. Just to make sure that there was no misunderstanding, I wrote down 10,000  on a piece of paper and asked them if that was the total cost for my wife and myself and they said Yes. So we decided to go ahead with the upgrade and we were moved to Business class which was less than half full. However, when we were about to pay by credit card we were told that the cost of upgrading would be 6,800 CNY each. When we told them we had been quoted 5,000 CNY each before we moved, they said that would have only been the case if we had been on a higher fare class. In other words, we had been given incorrect information earlier, but the flight attendants were not prepared to say that someone had made a mistake. At that stage, the flight was about to take off and we didnt particularly feel like going all the way back to our original seats so we decided to stay in Business class, pay the full amount and to make a complaint to the airline when we got back to Australia. Business class was very comfortable and we both slept well on the way to Brisbane. Also, the flight attendant who was looking after us was very attentive to our needs. After we arrived back home we emailed Hainan Airlines asking for a refund of 3,600 CNY. They apologized for their mistake but refused to provide any compensation.  Im rating our flight experience at only 5 out of 10, primarily because of the way we were misled.
 Islamabad to Melbourne via Beijing. My overall experience was horrible. Air China may be good value for money but be prepared for all the troubles and headaches that you will face with this airline from their uncomfortable seats, not working monitors, stained and smelly seat covers, delayed departure one day to loss of baggage. With Air China you are like a guinea pig you dont know where the flight is taking you, you cannot communicate with anyone in China if you dont speak Chinese. Long story short  flight took off to get passengers from Karachi but diverted back being 5mins to land to Islamabad and finally took off again one day late from the city of origin Islamabad, arrived one day late in Beijing transit of course the connecting flight was missed because of the airline. Failed to accommodate me or compensate for anything  just gave 350 CNY  $50 AUD to spend 13 hours in Beijing airport. Resting charge minimum starts 180 CNY per hour and 165 CNY to take a shower. My luggage had to stay in Beijing as I couldnt pass through customs, the airline failed to get me my luggage and asked me to claim it lost when I get home while my luggage was one floor away. Spent 13 hours on a bench in Beijing then they arranged for me to take a flight from Hong Kong to Melbourne as there were no flights for the next 3 days from Beijing itself according to airline however there were many flights. So all the way to Hong Kong the airport closed while we were in the air  I understand the situation but Air China lands in a city Shenzhen where they dont have any staff, any counter, any office or anything related to Air China. So I was again stuck in Shenzhen immigration. Immigration was forcing me to contact the airline, on many attempts by using the officers phone I failed to get through, the immigration gave up and forced me to buy the earliest flight possible from Shenzhen to get out of the airport. For 12 hours stuck in 3x3 meter spot, no one from Ari China showed up to help or look for the passenger who is their responsibility to arrange accommodation for and arrange the flights for. After 12 hours Shenzhen immigration officers forces me to buy a ticket and claim it back from Air China as we did not hear anything from them. Coming back home after and seeking reimbursement, took 45 days Air China offered TCV Transportation Credit Voucher to spend only with Air China within 12 months. Like are you kidding me, this travel I had was after 3 years and I know for the next 2 years I am not traveling anywhere so their TCV meant nothing but gas and air, after telling them I will not be traveling for the next 12 months they suggest I give the TCV to a friend or family. Like seriously is this some sort of a joke. I was forced to buy another ticket twice more expensive than the entire return trip while I had already paid for one and Air China failed to provide any assistance and service for, they ask me to pass the voucher to family and friend. I earned that money, it is a whole month worth of rent to pay here in Australia and they ask me to pass it to a family or friend. None of my friends or family would ever travel with an irresponsible airline after what I had been through took me 4 days to get home Melbourne. I do not recommend anyone to fly with Air China. Seriously, pay $100 more and fly with a decent airline that covers their shits and takes responsibility.as
SYDCBRSYD Dash 8 on both legs. Early morning flight to Canberra service was good breakfast served follow by tea and coffee. Due to the fog we circled Canberra for 2 hours. Extra water round service. On returning flight one of the crew was not that pleasant. Unusual and disappointing for QantasLink staff.
We arrived at Cusco airport at 445am for a six oclock Peruvian Airlines flight to Lima with connections to Chile. The flight was cancelled due to aircraft issues but they never announced the cancellation. Then they booked us on a later flight to Lima and told us we would have to find our next flight to Chile when we got at Lima. Terrible service and the seats are so cramped they are ridiculous. If you want on time service with more comfort choose another airline. 
  Delay due to aircraft controllers. There was 1 hour delay due to late arrival of the airplane. Plane was an A320ceo on a good condition. Fully booked flight on economy, only one person on business. Crew was friendly and helpful moving luggage to the bins. No IFE only drop down screens where you can watch the flight path. Inflight service was consisted of ham or vegetable sandwich and a digestive bar with alcoholic drinkbeerbeverage.
My wife and I flew return trips on Druk Air from Kathmandu to Thimpu for a section of our honeymoon. There are very limited options to get in and out of Bhutan, so I was a bit concerned about the ability to choose exactly what airline and flights we were going to take. However, it all went really smoothly. We were warned beforehand that the flights are often several hours late, ours was close to on time. We were told that wed see the Himalayas as we flew past, including Mt Everest, which we did. The crew were courteous and helpful, and the food surprisingly good for such a small airline. The plane was old, but appeared to be well looked after. There is no inflight entertainment system, so bring a booktablet to keep yourself entertained, or read the airline magazine, which will mainly feature articles about how much the Bhutanese love their King they are crazy over their monarchy. If we are ever lucky enough to go back to Bhutan, Id be very happy to fly Druk Air again.
  Austin to Oklahoma City. Writing this review from the car of one of my fellow Via passengers as were currently driving to Oklahoma City from Austin 6 hours because after the initial 4 hour delay, the plane arrived and had a door malfunction that was a minimum delay of 2 more hours with no assurance that they wouldnt have to cancel the flight. So we decided that there was a greater chance of making it to Oklahoma City if we just drove instead. Hopefully theyll refund our money. Too bad they wont reimburse my lift. 
  On 22nd December 2018, I checkin online on their web site for the flight Pisa to Moscow. Immediately after having finished the checkin and being assigned the seat, I have been trying many times to print the boarding pass but the link to open the Pdf document was not operating. and there was no way to print it. at Pisa Airport I had to pay 25 euro extra penalty to print the pass. I am badly surprised about this company. 
Flew back from Barbados to Newcastle after a Thomson Cruise. This was probably the best Thomson flight we have had there were complimentary drinks entertainment newspapers etc and I have to say the food provided was good by airline standards. The plane was a 767 and probably only a couple of years old. I would have given 10 for satisfaction if it had not been for a 2 hour delay.
  Just back to Gatwick from Costa Rica and we were impressed by the Boeing 787 and service from Thomson Airways staff, though not by having to pay in order to sit together!. Staff were very attentive on the outgoing flight with similar drinks and food service to scheduled airlines for long haul flights. The meals were slightly smaller but very tasty. Thee seats were comfortable and the cabin was airy. Altogether a good experience and I would definitely fly with Thomson Airways again.
Bonaire to Aruba via Curacao with Insel Air. We had a very satisfactory flight returning home. The counter staff and cabin staff were friendly and helpful.  We arrived on time. Economy seats are economy seats. The flights are too short for any entertainment, but they have a good flight magazine. As with other reviews, I agree that the sound system on the plane is inaudible. Most important, our luggage arrived with us at our destination, without damage. We would definitely fly Insel Air again.
  Tenerife to Madrid. The plane was not cleaned very well, the service is extremely limited a small hot dish with some rice and pork and a miniscule cake. A small glass of orange juice as welcome, only one service of drinks FA were closing the curtain very often. Long waiting in Madrid before the gate was open.
  Gatwick to Dubrovnik. Booked BA but got this awful Titan Airways aircraft. Terrible. Very cramped with little legroom. Knees wedged into the back of the seat which is made of a hard plastic. Reminds me of flights from the 1980s. Seat also too short on the backrest so no head support. Worst flight Ive been on for years. Certainly would not use them again. Flights were fairly expensive. Budget airline quality for BA prices.
  Got to airport 3.5 hours early. Car rental shuttle took 3045 min, stood in line in line for 2.5 hours while one person very leisurely checks in 40 people. Finally get to baggage check with 3045 minutes until flight. The woman yelled at us for showing up late why didnt you show up 4 hours before?! and tells us the flight has rejected us even though boarding was still happening and that we need to go reschedule. Get yelled at again by another woman who says the next flight isnt until tomorrow and will cost an additional $500. Overall, an absolute nightmare, just to lose a day of my honeymoon for absolutely no good reason  except maybe being difficult for the sake of being difficult. Avoid at all costs.
  St Johns to Halifax. Horrible airline. Last time I used them they made me remove stuff from my carry on for weight. And they broke my suitcase, I never received a replacement. This time they charged me for a check in bag and another $60 for carry on.  Ridiculous. Also my suitcase was broken again, but after complaining enough I received a replacement.
  I flew economy class on  B7879 from Manila to Bahrain. The food was delicious though they dont offer you a menu as the variety of meals is low. There is a chance if you dont fly in the B7879 then you dont get IFE content at all and if IFE is available it has outdated content and they do not update it quite frequently. There is a lack of focus on content and simple things they should do like updating their IFE frequently, Adding more variety of options in food, meals and snacks and making their staff more hospitable as they dont even smile or greet  welcome you upon entering of exiting the aircraft. The B7879 is new as the seats, the legroom is plenty as I am a tall male and I could fit my legs comfortably. Although, the support for your back isnt great even with a pillow. Youll feel like there is a lack of padding to support your lower back or maybe I am just very tall. 
  My recent flight with Ryanair from Lisbon to Stansted turned into a nightmare due to the behavior of two specific crew members. Their actions made the journey highly inconvenient for my family and several other passengers. It seemed their main objective was to extract extra money from travelers for baggage, which created a tense and unpleasant atmosphere during boarding. The trouble began when a passenger in front of us was forced to pay for their bag, even though it appeared perfectly fine from our viewpoint. We voiced our concerns, hoping for some empathy from the crew member. Unfortunately, this only seemed to provoke them to target us next. On a hot day in Lisbon, we had placed our jackets in a foldable bag, adhering to the baggage policy. However, as we were being briefed on the rules, we put our jackets on. After a discussion with a colleague, the crew member allowed us to proceed. While in the queue, one of my daughters, who has asthma, removed her jacket and hat. Suddenly, the same crew member appeared, ordering us out of the line and threatening to deny us boarding. Despite explaining that nothing had changed since they had previously allowed us through, they remained stubborn. They called another crew member over, and both of them joined in a verbal assault. They disregarded the fact that the extra bags were gadgets belonging to my child and wife, insisting that we could only carry four bags. Their behavior was not only rude and disrespectful but also unprofessional, displaying personal animosity and complete disregard for our wellbeing. It was evident that this crew member was actively seeking an excuse to single us out and personally target us. Our attempts to explain were met with increasing firmness, dismissiveness, and even mockery. Their conduct left a lasting negative impression, overshadowing what should have been a smooth and stressfree journey. I am deeply disappointed that Ryanair employs individuals who lack professionalism and take their frustrations out on innocent customers. This experience was disheartening, leading me to question whether I would choose to fly with Ryanair in the future. The treatment we received was unacceptable, and I sincerely hope that the airline takes this feedback seriously and addresses the conduct of its crew members.
FV245 LEDFRA 7913. FV246 FRALED 14913. Flew this airline last month to and from FrankfurtMain on vacation. The fare was quite high but I had connection with other family members in FRA so had no choice. The Airbus A320 was okay satisfactory and clean. The seat pitch well Im 1.82m and it is rare that an aircraft is comfortable for me this one wasnt but its a common issue. The flight itself was okay the flight crew were informative. The cabin crew were terrible. Not a single smile. Unkind and impolite. Fellow passengers asked about the reasons for the delay and got a very rude answer. Inflight meal was awful as always. Cant review the ground staff since I had an internet checkin which took me half an hour to deal with. The inbound flight was on time the return was 1.5 hours late. Transit passengers lost their connection flights. The bottom line is that this is the worst not lowcost company I have flown with.
Connecting Airnorth flight to PER via BME. Outbound flight delayed nearly 90 minutes as late departing from Darwin the origin of this two stop flight. Connecting flight at Broome was held for transferring pax, bags made it through and were first off carousel at Perth. Very impressive that the flights were held, great service in this day and age. Onward flights to Perth with QF uneventful. Downside is that this regional airline charges unbelievably high fares on these routes  often in excess of an international long haul Y fare to Europe of North America, and far, far more than a comparable domestic ticket  there is no justification for the cost, except a virtual monopoly on these routes.
  They lost my backpack on the transfer through Mexico city .. at least it showed up on next day but i still dont have it as they want me to collect it again on the airport. but what can i do? It was not my fault to lose my own baggage, at least they could bring it to my hotel Im staying, but obviously they cant deliver. Also theyre not able to deliver it on a Sunday, because theyre not working on Sunday, but still they operate flights on every day. This is the worst customer service Ive ever experienced.
  This company is terrible, there was a mistake in my parents name, they got to the airport 3 hours before their flight, the people at the window were not able to fix their ticket. They were told only way they could have the name corrected was by calling customer service, so they called but never got to talk to anyone, they were offered another flight in 3 days. The whole family was already waiting for them and it was impossible for them to wait 3 days. I cant understand why if their seats were already confirmed why they couldnt do the simple name change? We lost that money and Avianca wont refund anything or at least offer a voucher for future travel. They had to buy a whole new ticket with another company and we did enjoy our vacation but not thanks to Avianca.
 I bought a ticket for 18.06. however as I was prevented from traveling corona virus I had to postpone the flight for 02.07. I called the call center and they said I had to pay 90e because of the price difference. In the meantime, I had to reschedule the flight for 09.07. and again to pay another 50EUR. Due to the impossibility of traveling, I wanted to postpone the flight again, but since I no longer knew for which date I wanted to leave the ticket open and use it until the end of this year, which they did not allow, and I had to choose another date and pay 50EUR again. In the end, I did not want to pay for the postponement of the ticket again, and I asked for a refund. I paid 300EUR for the ticket and they only refunded me 55EUR for airport taxes. I couldnt get the rest of the money because the flight was operational. Btw they dont reply to emails and the call center can hardly be reached.
My husband and I paid extra for a nonstop flight from Dominica to Puerto Rico on September 14 2013. The flight was scheduled to leave Dominica at 9.40 but the plane took off at 9.10 30 minutes before schedule. Fortunately we were there and able to catch the plane. LIAT changed our nonstop flight and we stopped in Antigua where for the next 5 hours we received delay announcement after delay announcement. There were no LIAT employees to be found to answer our questions about the plan to get us to Puerto Rico. The delay caused us to miss a connecting flight from Puerto Rico to Atlanta. There were no more flights to Atlanta scheduled for that day so we had to fly out the next day. There were many other passengers on that flight that also missed connecting flights and suffered similar additional expenses.
  Food not good. Service not good. Kid friendly not at all. No recliners or any seats available for long hauls. Airport was full of people sitting on the floors at Istanbul. No separate counters for family check in as mentioned on their website. Entertainment system poor and didnt work on one flight. It was a night flight so most of the time the kids were sleeping but when they woke up, there was nothing to eat. Even after requesting to serve the food at the start of their service it wasnt done. The kids did not eat a bite on a 911 hour flight...both ways. I will never suggest Turkish Airlines to anyone travelling anywhere. 
  Absolutely primitive aircraft, None of the onBoard Audio systems work. Youve to look at the sky or blank screen to spend time. Crew and their services were good, helpful. However, they cant fix everything on broken Aircrafts. Ticket prices are not any way cheaper than competitors flying to Kolkata. Except the Middle Seats in the Economy sections, one has to pay to get windows or aisle seats. Its not cheap, costs CAD 61.90. The aircraft quality must improve.
My husband and I flew to Dalaman and on to Ercan Nicosia return. We were onboard for over 6 hrs with only one small meal and an even smaller drink provided. While we can understand a mean meal what we cannot understand is the meanness of the beverage provided. There were no offers of any kind of drink even at a charge. Cabin staff appeared to be more concerned with their own comfort and gossip rather then attending to the passengers needs.
 Wonderful service onboard this early morning flight to Lusaka. Really enjoyed spending time in the new Pride Lounge which is in another league in terms of ambience compared to the Simba Lounge  although I imagine the former could get quite busy, and appreciated the hassle free checkin and immigration process although the Covid test check outside in the booth is quite strange. The only negative was the chaotic boarding processes, with no Premier World priority and a free for all to get final verification checks completed. Once onboard, treated to fabulous service from the purser who just couldnt do enough  from offering both business class breakfast options due to a quiet Premier World cabin. The warm fresh croissants and coffee were highlights. I bid to upgrade the ticket which cost $210 but it was really worth the splurge to arrive well refreshed for a day at work. Well done KQ.
 Disaster! Booked end March to fly from Stockholm to Geneva via Dusseldorf with my wife and 3 children, taking around 4 hours and thought I had a bargain. 6 weeks before departure was informed of a small change  had to leave 4 hours earlier to fly Stockholm  Berlin  Dusseldorf  Geneva, ie total journey time of 8 hours with children of 4, 6 and 8 years old. Immediately contacted Air Berlin who confirmed I could cancel if wanted but by then flight prices had doubled or else I would receive some confirmation if I contacted them via their website. Did this immediately and still havent heard. Tried contacting them at the airport en route, but impossible to find an Air Berlin employee at the airport, only representatives from other companies who were shocked and sorry but werent able to do anything. Clear case of profit over customer but if you dont take care of the customer, then somebody else will and next time we will definitely not be flying with Air Berlin.
  Shanghai to London via Moscow. The crew were about to bring out drinks when the turbulence stopped and were standing around for over an hour. I got up to speak to someone she advised that everything was ok there was just a lot of condensation from the air conditioning. I took my seat again and the captain told cabin crew to get in their seats due to turbulence. I found the lack of information from the captain ridiculous. Barely any announcements during the flight. Whereas some airlines even advise of the weather etc. I was sat between people who brought their own food and spat their food into their cups etc. When asked to move they werent 100 that I could as there was an entire row free near to the emergency exit however these were for premium members.  They dealt with the matter quite well in that in an hour they moved me further up the plane as luckily one of the premium members had agreed to switch to the empty row for me
  Tehran to Hamburg. Iran Air is one of the worst airlines in the world. Crew behave badly to passengers and dont respect passengers, food was awful, delay for flight was eternal in this airline. I dont suggest this airline at all. After 8 hours delayed without any food, without any apology, waiting at transit is not acceptable at all. I never fly this airline again.
  Newark to Georgetown via Port of Spain. Check in staff in Newark misinformed me about my bags being checked all the way through to Georgetown, I bought duty free in EWR and it was a hassle getting it through Port of Spain. Staff at front desk made me wait until they were ready to walk me through the gates.  On both outgoing and return trips I found the staff, with a couple notable exceptions, very unfriendly. Seemed they thought they were doing me a huge favor. You guys need to either retrain these staff or get rid of them as they are doing damage to your reputation. On return trip I was literally refused to be sold Duty Free because no one at the front desk told me that I had to place the duty free in my checked luggage? When I arrived in Port of Spain it seems that they had a procedure for handling it for in transit passengers. I ended up buying the Duty Free in Port of Spain at a higher price as well!  Flight delays were not even explained properly. With one exception the ground staff showed little empathy with the fact that a 2 hour delay could have messed up my interconnecting flight. The agent that checked me in was rude and very curt. She signaled me to walk up to her desk then had me wait several minutes while she finished the prior task she was working on before even greeting me. Why not just leave me in the line so I could go to another agent who would be ready to do my transaction? I had zero confidence that she would have given me any useful information given her demeanor. I had to ask around ince inside the terminal building until I found someone who was able to explain that the interconnecting flight would also be delayed.
  Shanghai to Seoul. The first and last time riding Shanghai Airlines and  China Eastern Airlines. The checkin was chaotic because only 3 or 4 check in counters were opened. During the security checkpoint, the checking was way too slow for me, and I was waiting 3 hours. It was the final call for boarding and I was bussed, and I rode the airplane, but it was delayed for 16 hours for no reason, staying in the airline and the flight attendant gave only me nothing. No offerings, no services, and no refunds. 
Flew Solomon Airlines from Brisbane to Honiara. We boarded to be greeted by smiling attendants. The flight was not too full so we had 3 seats to ourselves. Leg room was quite good. IFE was just a screen panel lowered from the ceiling, watched a movie. The meal was lunch, we had the beef and it was delicious. Staff came around to check if we needed any more drinks, throughout the flight.
  I had booked a flight to Coimbatore from Mumbai which was due to depart on 4th feb and return ticket on 7th both the flights was cancelled but the airline didnt inform me of this by mail or message. I came to know about the flights cancellation by luck as i was confirming about my web checkin details. If i hadnt done this i would have been in the dark about the flight cancellation. Highly unprofessional behaviour of this airline and when i called the airline they told me yes the flight is cancelled . When i requested them to accommodate me in some other flight whether Calicut or cochin they told if i want they can reschedule the flight but will have to pay the difference in fare and an additional 3000 rs as rescheduling charges. I was ready to pay the fare difference but why should i pay the rescheduling charge when the rescheduling was due to their flight cancellation. Poor customer service.
  Horrible, unprofessional airline they could never solve me about a change in my ticket I always travel with them and I never use this line again, it is the worst I have ever known, I hope they do something about it because I am not the first person to complain about this line. professional and unfriendly. And we are delayed to within the plane 45 minutes I do not know what happens, this is horrible. I will never use this line again. Horrible aerolnea nada profesionales nunca me pudieron resolver lo de un cambio de mi ticket siempre viajo con ellos ya no vuelvo usar esta lnea es la peor que he conocido espero hagan algo al respecto porque no soy la primera persona que se queja de esta lnea no son profesionales y nada amables . Y estamos retrasados a dentro del avin 45 min no se qu pasa esto es horrible. Jams vuelvo a usar esta lnea.
Upgraded to business class for the flight from Hong Kong to Shanghai. Bulkhead seat at the front so masses of legroom. Seats very comfortable. It seems almost unfair to offer any negative comments on the flight but I picked the wrong entree! I chose halibut but it didnt come with the sauce the menu said Im still not sure what it was! My partner chose a pork dish which was extremely tasty. Drinks offered before take off before meal and wine served with the meal. Good entertainment selection. Very pleasant experience. Attentive and professional flight attendants.
  Moscow to Simferopol and it was the  first time for me when I bought S7 tickets without luggage. First of all, there was a fee for choosing a seat, but the checkin online was possible. I didnt even need to go to the checkin counter in Domodedovo. The flight was punctual. We did not wait for a bus, but came to the plane directly with a jet bridge. In the plane,  it took more time for everyone to pack the hand luggage, maybe because the majority had the same tickets as me. However, regarding the price it was understandable.  During the flight we got sandwiches and beverages. The choice of sandwiches was between cheese and chicken. They were pretty tasty. On the way back everything was almost the same. So I would say I really liked the new lowcost version of S7. Excluding the luggage and fee for seats I got the same quality, but for a lower price.
  Booked round trip TorontoCosta Rica and forgot to add Carry on luggage. Upon boarding the plane in Toronto I was pull aside to pay for carry on and the cost was $120 USD one way! Without much to do I paid. On the way back I called in advance to add carry on at a cost of 55 USD and the customer service person confirmed payment was completed. Days later I arrived to the airport and once again was pull aside during boarding apparently my transaction didnt go thru despite the fact customer service confirmed it was and was asked to pay $95 USD. I submitted a complain and got confirmation that my transaction was booked but apparently was cancelled after the fact although they acknowledge that it was an issue on their end they still would not reimburse the cost difference. Regardless of the cost difference the fees are insane. Can airlines just include all in the base fare and dont surprise customers with those crazy fees? Airlines just get away with a lot of customer abuse.
 I flew with Sunwing Airlines from Montreal to PuertoPlata in 2019 and it was very pleasant. Sunwing had very good food on board and it was a ham sandwich in a croissant. They have friendly service. the down side is the seat. The seat is very hard to sleep in and my flight was 4h30. i did not have a lot of sleep. bathroom is like a normal 737800 but its a bit dirty.
Luxair tends to operate 2 types of planes mainly 767 are covering holiday destinations  Bombardier Q400 turboprop and Embraer 145 jet. Ive flown with the latter one from Luxembourg to Paris CDG. Plane is tiny, so tiny that standard cabin luggage has to be put to cargo hold as delivery on aircraft  the lockers are big enough for a laptop bag and nothing more. Flight attendants very professional, polite and helpful  nothing to complain about, food was decent for such a short flight 60 min which however forces you to eat quite quickly. I frequently fly with Luxair and I can recommend the airline, they are small, planes are tiny but service is good. Keep it up Luxair.
  I booked a flight from Lima to Bogota for about USD 200 including all insurances, baggage and some other fees. Webcheckin wasnt working so I had no printed boarding pass. At the checkin counter they charge USD 22 to print this piece of paper sustainability. Unbelievable! After 10 minutes at the checkin counter they told me that the gate is closed now 50 minutes before departure! and that I have to contact the call center. At least we were about 10 people who couldnt get in and we think that the flight was already overbooked. In the end I booked a new flight with Avianca for USD 400. Never again with VivaColombia.
  This is the second time in a row we travel Business with Austrian and we receive no baggage at arrival. Both me and my wife are Star Alliance Gold members and we choose to fly business. We filed a complaint in January about our delayed luggage . We were attending a wedding in Athens and we had to buy clothes, underwear, shoes personal items from the beginning. Austrian airline is really good to communicate about long waiting list and not solve the problem. No compensation yet. We traveled again yesterday from Larnaca to Stockholm via Vienna. Once again no baggage upon arrival. I am travelling for a course today and i am once again without clothes. Austrian Airlines are constantly humiliating your Gold and Business passengers. We filed a complaint in Star Alliance today. Who is going to pay for their fault in January? Who is going to pay for all the panic the new clothes etc we were forced to buy then? Who is going to pay for all the food whole 23 Kg we carried yesterday which is going to trash when we eventually receive our baggage this time? Who is compensating me when they force me to attend a medical course with training clothes because they chose to depart the airplane before all baggages are loaded in the aircraft ? Who is compensating us for their mistakes and the frustration and anger they caused? 
MANGCIMAN.They use atr 72 on this route certainly more comfortable than the saab 340 used previously. flight only 70 mins catering minimal crew friendly and helpful. ticket pricing is now more realistic for the distance flown than a few years ago. all in all a good means of getting to a wonderful island.
  I booked my flight with booking.com, but Saudia cancelled my flight 1 day before boarding. I contacted booking for refund but they sent to me email explaining that the company is not answering. I tried to reach their customer office, no answer, finally 3hrs before boarding I got answer by phone, but they refused neither to change my flight in same day or after one day nor to refund my ticket saying that ticket was issued by hahn and they should refund.  It is the worst airline I have ever experienced in my life. I dont advise any person to try flying with Saudia.
  The flight from Hong Kong to Hanoi is relatively short, but Hong Kong Airlines made it an entirely pleasant experience. I had checked my luggage through from TPE so I cant comment on their checkin staff, but the service and efficiency of the personnel at their lounge and at the gate were exemplary. The flight boarded, departed, and arrived ontime. There were only 2 passengers in business class, so we were attended to cheerfully and personally. HX loses some points for no alcoholic beverage service predeparture and for very limited selection inflight. Also, the seats are somewhat outdated, but the pillows and blankets were particularly nice, and overall the experience was comfortable. Both meal choices were appealing, and the purser made sure our wine glasses were refilled throughout the flight. I can recommend HX business class enthusiastically for anyone flying into or out of Hong Kong.
 My familys flight was canceled an hour before it was scheduled to take off. We were rerouted to an airport 90 minutes away from our final destination. At no point did American Airlines try to get us all the way home. They left us stranded at the airport with no way home other than to rent a car and pay out of pocket to drive home. When I asked for a reimbursement, they absolutely refused. They claimed they cant reimburse people based on weather cancelations. I told them this wasnt about the weather cancelation, it was about them stranding us at an airport 90 minutes away from our final destination and not reimbursing us for having to get ourselves all of the way home. I will never fly this airline again and, if youre smart, you wont either.
  The worst experience ever. These guys know how to loot the money from customers. Never in my life have I paid for my laptop bag. And they charge for duty free weight. The ticket was of 6k inr and they charge me 5k for my laptop bag which was only 5kg. And the worst part is they ask for money at the last spot where we have to board the flight. So that the passenger is not left with any other option. 
  Worst travel experience imaginable. Purchased my flight for my family received email confirmation. Checked my bank statement and the total cost of the trip was deducted from my debit card. Arrived to the airport 3 hours in advance as I was traveling with a group and returning a rental from hertz that I purchase with the exact same debit card as my families tickets. When I arrived to check in , was informed our flights were canceled due to an issue with my card. Ticket counter advised to call customer service Called my banking institution first, they assured me nothing was wrong with my account and to check with the vendor Called the airline. Spoke to customer service, i was informed nothing could be done and my funds would return in 3 days. I begged for a solution as I was stranded. Customer service instructed me nothing could be done. I was told the situation was my fault and to sleep in the airport until my funds returned if necessary. No travel credit, nothing. Never have I ever been treated so poorly.  I called volaris airlines after and they provided me with a solution because they cared about keeping me as a customer. My family went home same day thanks to another airline. Vivaaerobus is the worst service you can choose for you and your family especially as I foreigner traveling in Mexico. Avoid at all cost.
  I had 4 of my family members booked with Air India Express to travel from Chennai to Singapore on 13th of Feb on flight IX688. They were travelling from mumbai to Chennai for the flight. On reaching Chennai airport at 2.30am on the 13th they were told that the flight is delayed by 5 hours. They had a connecting flight to catch from Singapore to Perth. On mentioning this the airline just said that we cant help you , you will have to buy a new ticket from Singapore.  There was no communication sent to the travelers regarding the delay as well. As a result I had to buy 4 new tickets from Chennai to Perth with Malindo. I expect to be compensated with this amount.
  Never flying Avelo again. Not only was our first flight delayed by an hour but our second flight out of Orlando was changed to two days in advance of my leaving. My family was never contacted that our flight had been changed. This very unacceptable and now we are stuck in Florida without anyway back home. Do not fly Avelo, spend the extra and fly expensive, it may be more expensive however you get better customer service and your flight wont get changed by literal days. The customer service agent we talked to hung up on us multiple times and basically gave us no way home.
  Worst airline I have experienced. Not only is the security detail so annoying with all the interrogations. But the worst part is my baggage. 5 days into Israel and no baggage. I have important stuff in there. My Christmas has been completely ruined.  Every contact number they give me doesnt work or tells me to call this other place only to tell me there is nothing they can do but keep checking. Ive contacted them via Facebook messenger, whatsapp and I dont even use whatsapp. Ive sent emails, I have a file number, but what good will that do? This airline and airport is a  Joke, no respect for their flyers or customers. 
  This has been by far the worst service I have had on a plane. Its very obvious that if you are flying economy and not a frequent traveler of British Airways, they care very little about you. We had to wait an hour for them to even open the checkin. Once they did, they had 5 lines and only one that serviced economy. Even though the line for economy was three times the length of the premium classes. Then they told economy passengers that all bags had to be check and no carryon due to a full flight and no room in the overhead compartments. Once we arrived at the gate, there were not enough seats to fit everyone and you couldnt leave the boarding area. I will never fly this airline again! 
Very comfortable flight. The flight departed in the evening and a full meal bread, cheese, 2 warm dish options, desert, water with complimentary wine of good quality was provided. Arrived early morning in Paris, before arrival breakfast was served. Also, additional beverages were distributed twice during the flight, after the meals. Kind and helpful staff, reasonable legroom and the option to select a seat for a small fee. Inflight entertainment was OK, but very French oriented just like the messages from captain and crew, delivered in accented and rapid English The airport at Point A Pitre only uses French for the announcements. Luggage delivery at Orly took quite a long time, but unclear whether the airline is to blame. Overall, a very comfortable economy class experience. If you dont understand French though, you might struggle a bit to understand the announcements etc.
 The flight was 2 12 hours late for no obvious reason. Service if you can call it so was abysmal. Plane was dirty and stank like a garbage dump. Had to pay $75 for a single suite case.
Domestic flight from Guiyang to Shenzen. Flight delayed for 3 hours and everyone sat onboard with nothing to do. Luckily they served one meal while we were waiting which was good. When we asked if there were any coke or snacks they said no which was quite disappointing. Food and seat were ok. FA kept us informed about the delay. Not much inflight entertainment except for tiny TVs on the ceiling.
LHRTUN return to LHR. Aircraft was A320 on both legs a little old but well maintained. Cabin was tidy and the crew were smiling and responding to all demands. Pitch is ok and you are allowed to carry 20 kilos of luggage. We had a choice of 3 meals on a 2 hr 45 mins flight beer is on demand and you could take whatever you want. A good experience.
Nairobi to Malindi and Malindi to Lamu both returns. We found them to be quite efficient and helpful for an African airline. They did however cancel our return flight from Lamu but did send out a search party to find us on the island for us to catch an alternativeearlier flight. Timings were good with no delays in fact one flight left 40 mins early. I would have no hesitation in recommending Fly540 based on our experience. Aircraft a bit old but clean.
  Thanks a lot for the help of the flight attendants and the ground staff, which made my journey much easier.When I landed at Guangzhou the process of customs clearance and COVID19 test was extremely smooth and quick. They also assisted me to find the coach going to the designated quarantine hotel. 
No frills airline. Everything costs extra. No free checked luggage. All food and snacks cost money. Nickle and dime you to death. Little seats with little leg room. They or the connecting airline lost our luggage.
 Absolutely the worst customer service. Nobody is accountable for anything and has no clue of what is happening. I flew from San Jose to Los Angeles on February 11. I accidentally left my wallet on the aircraft. I got a call saying I left it and should collect it from Lost and Found the next day. When I went to LAX nobody had any clue about where it was. The lady at Lost and Found was not helpful and rude. I spent 4 hours at the airport going from counter to counter. I have a voicemail recording saying they found my wallet and then asking me to pick it up. I even spoke to someone over the phone and confirmed the same. However, in less than 12 hours they lost my wallet while getting it from the gate to lost and found. I made several attempts to reach them but nobody answered the phone. When I called the customer service number, they had no clue of how to handle this issue. I filed a report online, but they didnt even respond to that. It shows how careless the employees are with customers property. They lost something which they themselves found! In less than 12 hours they couldnt even transport it from the gate to the lost and found department. Pathetic.
Manchester to Malta A319 22nd December 2014. Checkin was slow which was a bad start and it got worse. Our economy seats had minimal legroom and when the passenger in front put his seat back just after takeoff I was trapped. There was no entertainment system other than a map showing the planes location and the meal of chicken curry with a bread roll and tiny mince pie was embarrassingly poor. For a scheduled flight it was pretty bad and the best bit was leaving the plane on arrival at Luqa.
  I was traveling to Stockholm, always with Aegean which for me is the top airline in Europe. It is not only service, the friendly and professional staff but also, one of the few airlines that offer meals included in the ticket price. And the meals are really great. In this flight a big surprise was the desert offered on the menu of the flight, Greeks call it pasteli which is a traditional sweet with honey and sesame seeds. The one of the flight, Navarino Icons Pasteli, was exceptional!!! It was so tasty, fresh and I was surprised that looking for the brand I discovered that it is a product of Costa Navarino which is a luxury sustainable destination and resorts and the opposite of an industrial product. 
  This is the best airline I have ever been on. The lounge before flight was amazing, the service was quick and the people were kind. On my flight from Singapore to New York , one stewardess specifically, Belle, made my 19 hour long trip with my brother an absolute delight. She was attentive, kind, and went above and beyond. When I asked if I could skip the appetizer meal since it was a food I generally do not like she asked if I would like fruit instead to replace it. She also would always quickly and kindly help me make my seat into a bed! The seat form was a 810 for comfort but the bed was SOOO nice I slept for most the flight. This was the first time I had ever traveled Business class and I felt like royalty.  Even the bathroom was nice with amenities like a hairbrush. My one feedback for improvement would be to automatically give things that are included I had to ask for slippers and mask on my flight from Singapore to NY but it was laid out from NY there but even that was still good. While the wifi isnt strong enough for videos, it was good for surfing the internet which is what I used it for, and I charged my phone so I left with full battery.
 I got a last minute upgrade offer and went for it without contemplation. The business class seats on the Boeing 777 were comfortable and I managed to get a very good sleep. The service was excellent and I felt really spoiled and taken care of. The meals were also good starting with the beef and rice dinner and ending with a delicious omelette breakfast. I remember the Emirates infotainment ICE had more variety before but I was still kept well occupied.
  They canceled my flight on 10th December, refund takes 5 months. Now I have to wait for 5 months to get my money. People in the chat or rude and no respect.
Frequently flown Frankfurt to Milan LinateMalpensa or Munich to Milan Malpensa. Airline is good and generally on schedule. But to my utter disappointment the snack on the return leg frequently is only nonvegetarian. Planes are usually small so one can expect a bumpy flight.
Johannesburg to Mauritius with Air Mauritius. The nicest cabin interiors which make you feel that you are already at the beach. Very friendly staff excellent legroom. Quite a decent meal for a 4 hour flight. Audio and entertainment worked and cabin was clean. The flight left and arrived on time. However South African Airways staff who weigh the bags for Air Mauritius were a pain, though we were only 2 kilos overweight on one bag. They blamed it on Air Mauritius though SAA flights also watch the exact weight.
Used this airline for the first time June 19 for a flight between Subang airport and Kota Bharu. The staff onboard were friendly and I couldnt believe they served a snack and drinks for a 1 hour flight. The only negative point was that the back of my seat wouldnt stay in an upright position and would slowly recline back. Other than that, I was happy with my choice of airline.
Travelled from Orly via PointePitre to St Barth. Newish 330 across the Atlantic with comfortable and fresh Business section  nearly flat with large screens. Friendly service with OK meal service. Helpful transfer process in PointePitre and then small plane across to St Barth. Competitive pricing translated into great value.
  I want to thank you to the staff of this airline as I received a great customer service. While I needed to do some ticket changes on the spot, they come ahead and helped me through very well and quickly. Without their awesome help, I would not have been Able to be on the flight. There were on delays at all also. I recommend everyone to choose this airline. Thanks.
Travelled skywest while on honeymoon from Oakland to Salt Lake City in codesharing Delta. It was a CRJ flight for about 30 people only 1 flight attendant on board. First time travelling in such a flight as in Asia smallest planes are B737A320. Flight is comfortable flight steward very friendly made 2 rounds of drinks.
 Very good service and I always prefer SpiceJet. Staff members are well mannered and service is very prompt. Time is also being maintained and reaching the destination on time.
  Excellent flight, good service with hearty meal starter main course dessert tea and coffee Duty service on board. A generous pitch for economy class seats. Note the delay at departure due to the closure of Orly airport and the flights diverted to Paris CDG.
  Pathetic airline. We arrived well on time for our flight, was sent around, in the end they gave our seats to other people. Zero customer service, basically stole R7000. Male at Kulula service kiosk has no idea about dealing with customers. Arrogant and rude. Nothing is their fault, they blame the customer. Two other people on the same flight were also told their seats were given to someone else. They will never see us again.
Travelled SYDNOUSYD with Air Calin. The experience could only be described as brilliant. Takeoff was ontime in both directions food was very acceptable inflight service was impeccable with wine drinks and quality French brandy offered to all in economy class. The aircraft was new and very clean. I would highly recommend them and would definitely fly with them again
  Singapore to Male. Lounge in Singapore was very crowded, food choice was ok but quality not great. Very weak internet connection. Boarding was efficient. Very old and dated aircraft with old recliner seats, for almost 5 hours flight not great. Service was not convincing, very slow but friendly. Food ok but not really good, more like Economy Class food. I would choose them only if no better option available, hopefully they will invest when they integrate into SQ.
Puerto Escondido to Mexico City on Aeromar. Small plane and we left about 30 minutes late. Plane was not full and just one stewardess working the flight. The plane appeared to be new. It was in excellent condition in the cabin. Service was excellent but it was very expensive for a flight of less the two hours.
  Had to reschedule my flight to Athens from London. Called the Aegean Customer Service line to do this. Lines were busy but didnt wait long. Call answered by very polite agent. I explained my situation about requiring my flight to be rescheduled and my onward connection within Greece. Agent did this and explained the process in excellent English. I paid the extra and booking was complete, no fuss, no bother. Flight was outstanding from start to finish, as usual. These are difficult times for everyone and we need a degree of flexibility. I am still shocked to see how rude and aggressive some passengers are to airline staff when travelling . Aegean is still my first choice to and from Greece, no airline is perfect but they are better than most.
  We thought we were getting a great deal, but if it looks too good to be true, it probably is. A few days after we bought the tickets, Level contacted us We regret to inform you that your flight will not operate as planned. The inbound flight was going to get into New York much too late and we asked to fly out the next day at a more reasonable hour. We had to call several times before getting someone who was willing to help. And  then we learned that Level does not have flights every day so wed have to leave several days later. So we asked to change the return date as well. We did not want our stay to be shortened. Once again, we had to call several times until someone was willing to accommodate us. And that doesnt even count the number of times we called where we waited for 1520 minutes just to be told that all the lines are busy, please call back later. We originally bought the tickets in February, and our new itinerary was finally confirmed just days before our departure  the 3rd week in April. The actual flight was more or less uneventful, but you need to be aware that you have to pay for everything  checking in a bag, a meal, even water is not free. In fact, while we were checking in online we were told over the phone that there are a limited number of free random seats and we will have to pay for a seat. I said, forget it, well stand. She was not amused and said we will have to pay for our seats.  Level flights depart from Newark at 1040pm to go to Paris. However, exceptionally it was never explained why the time change our return flight on May 3rd would leave at 00.20. On May 3rd, we arrived at Newark at 9pm. Much to our surprise, Level had no scheduled flight that night, no agents were anywhere to be found and the customer service number was not available at that time. In the meantime we had to spend hundreds of euros to extend our stay in New York. We had to wait until 3AM to reach a customer service representative to find out what was going on. We were informed that we were supposed to check in on the evening of May 2nd to fly out at 00.20 which is May 3rd.  The only solution they offered were to reimburse the tax  the first supervisor told us it was 230 euros, but the second supervisor said it would only be 75 euros. When we demanded to speak to another supervisor we were told that there werent any other supervisors at this time that spoke English, only Catalan. An agent got on the phone and spoke Spanish. We explained the  situation, he apologized the only agent to apologize and said he would need 72 hours to rectify the situation. In the meantime the supervisor invited us to purchase new tickets to fly out a couple of days later for $1900 for 2 adults  1 child with the hopes of getting reimbursed. 
TUNCAI in Business Class. Checkin quick and efficient. Lounge in Tunis staffed by surly bar attendant. Boarding orderly. Excellent cabin crew in business class. Seats were normal Y class seats with extra legroom and the middle seat blocked as a table and was comfortable for a 3 hour flight. Excellent meal was served accompanied by high quality wine and champagne. All in all a very satisfactory experience.
 This is the worst experience ever endured by me in aviation. The flight has been delayed for more than an hour and a half because of the system crash at the airport which is not Air Indias fault but the way they have handled the situation is the ridiculous. None of the flight attendants answered any of the call bells or any of the questions which the passengers have. The Capt made one PA which wasnt followed by any updates. The PA said it would be a delay of 1015 mins and now its over an hour and half. Finally caught a flight attendant to inform them about my connection flight to which his response was that the ground staff would deal with it, worst part is that I would be stuck at the airport because of their incompetence for more than 12 hrs which is unacceptable. I dont understand how the printing of load sheet manually takes this long as I fly a 380 aircraft and have had incidents of system crashing and have never taken this long. This is plain and simple incompetence and laziness on their part and nothing else. They are not professional at all and no wonder they would not be surviving for too long. The crew have been nothing but lazy and rude. And no information has been given to us about the status of the departure. When asked a crew about the flying time, they replied I dont know which honestly baffles me. 
BVELCY. Superb service into London City. Check in at Brive Airport was super quick and found myself in London in no time. The fare was reasonable and dont forget to include the saving of flying into London City and taking the DLRtube instead of an expensive airport express train. Allocated seating luggage and drinkssnacks on board make the flight so much more pleasant than flying with a budget airline.
 We booked our family holiday to Dubai with Gulf Air mainly because of the price difference compared to Emirates and Etihad. I was a bit apprehensive because of some negative reviews but the whole experience was brilliant from check in at Heathrow to the friendliness of all the staff on board both airplanes. The food was excellent and was even provided on the short flight from Bahrain to Dubai. The experience was identical for the return journey. The only negative was the choice for inflight entertainment. They do not have the selection of movies like Emirates. But overall a good experience. Will definitely use them again.
Maun to Johannesburg. What a terrible experience. The plane was in disarray  dirty. The cabin staff were dishevelled  not serious. I will never fly Air Botswana again!
 Mumbai to Amsterdam on 18818 night flight, 9W 232. Upgraded from business class to first class due to overbooking. Flat bed in private suite with sliding doors very comfortable, I slept almost 6 hours. Amenity kit not available with this airline, as Star Alliance and Flying blue gold member I found this quite strange. I ordered cold breakfast and when it arrived, jam jar was already open and almost empty, not a first class service.
Over the past 40 years Ive travelled to many destinations around the world on many different airlines, but none of them have even come close to punching above its weight than Air Niugini. Ive been flying Air Niugini ever since I was pleasantly surprised over 18 months ago, and the experience has been consistently great. It is what one would expect from an airline, but to deliver a world class service amidst challenges is what makes Air Niugini stand out for me.
 Due to the system failure we couldnt book in online. Since we traveled from far we arrived minutes late at checkin and they refused to let us through and promised to put us on the next available flight with no additional costs. However they charged us an extra R2000. This is extremely unprofessional from an airline which knew their booking system was at fault. Will never fly with them again.
 Hanoi to Ho Chi Minh City. I have tried both business and economy class, service was impeccable, impossible to find any faults. Despite being a lowcost carrier, Bamboo Airways still includes inflight meal and luggage which is much better and exceeds Vietjet Air. I highly recommend this airline to those who want to travel domestically inside Vietnam.
  Bangkok to Krabi. We were charged £!45 for 15kg of luggage which we could not book on in advance as the site keeps crashing as it cannot take UK credit cards, When you get to the airport having tried like 20 times to book your luggage on they tell you its £10 a kilo for every kilo beyond their pathetic 10kg allowance. So you have to get your flight so you pay it but when you complain later they just say oh its in our terms and conditions. Just because something is written down in very small print somewhere does not make it fair or appropriate. Shameful ripping off UK passengers on a daily basis.
  Very disappointed with the competence of the airline staff. I flew on October 16th from Bend to Portland. After changing planes at PDX a flight attendant came to notify us that they had my girlfriends driving license. After speaking to them we were told to stay on the aircraft and that it would be mailed out to us in the coming days. Now after to speaking to the airline on four different occasions they are failing to take any responsibility and tell us that they cannot locate the ID. All they seem to say is that it might be lost in the mail and that they have no tracking number. Im lost for words to describe how useless they seem to be when they contacted us in the first place to notify us they had the driving license. We are hoping after 11 days and four separate phone calls that we may get a call back from them after they promise they will speak to a member of staff on call that day and get back to us with more information on the situation.
 Hoping for better on the return leg of this roundtrip, I was sorely disappointed. The boarding process was chaotic  everyone lined up in the jetway and then delayed as wheelchairs were wheeled slowly past us. My outbound experience with being unable to reserve a seat the American codeshare should have entitled me to American premium economy options which Iberia ignores and wants to charge for was repeated. Fortunately I arrived at the airport so early that I was given an aisle. As I had waited for boarding, I heard from several other travelers who had booked directly on Iberia in coach and premium economy with the same seat selection complaints and even worse they had been assigned seats well before but were changed at the airport for no reason, even having paid the assignment fee. The food from Madrid was just as bad as from Boston. My choices were beef and pasta. I was seated in the second row of premium economy and there was only pasta after the first row of 7 people had made selections. The pasta contained some pasta and a wilted indeterminate vegetable with sauce, lots of sauce. The endofflight snack was equally poor  a soft roll with pressed white something in it, probably turkey but certainly not Serrano or Iberico ham. What I can say is that the flight arrived ahead of schedule, nonstop, and I was thrilled to be back home. Next time no codeshare and no Iberia.
  After an extremely inappropriate delay of the flight, the boarding procedure was unbearably slowly conducted by the airline employees. Extensive waiting for the bus transport from gate to the aircraft and then 20 minutes of waiting in the aircraft for no reason .
I flew Lan Peru on a domestic flight from Lima to Cusco in August 2001. I selected Lan Peru because if its affiliation with Lan Chile and subsequent affiliation with the OneWorld frequent flyer alliance. Check in at Limas Jorge Chavez International Airport was a bit chaotic and rushed. This was the first Lan Peru flt. 93 flight of the day and surprisingly the check in counters opened a mere 45 minutes before the flight was to depart. We departed on time for the 1 hour flight and inflight service was hospitable and efficient. The bilingual cabin crew came through with a continental breakfast and drinks. Lan Peru does not have an inflight magazine though so if you want to read something inflight bring your own materials. The morning return flight one week later flt. 93 was much the same. Both flights arrived about 5 minutes early. On the outbound flight between Lima and Cuzco it is suggested that one sit on the left side of the plane and on the return on the right side. This gives one the opportunity to see spectacular views of the snow capped Andes. Overall Lan Perus service was efficient friendly and recommended.
Abu Dhabi to Mauritius via Mahe. Previously the schedule and food were much better. One could leave around 9.20 am same day and arrive around 16.00 hours. Now, with Air Seychelles, one has to leave residence at 11.00 pm to reach destination around 12.20 next day, ie very odd hours. On top of that the transit time in Mahe, is now more than 2 hours. Seychelles has plenty of quality fish, yet the food served on both legs is appalling, only 2 breakfasts. Overall, only the dessert was good. It is preferable to pay partly for the food and obtain better quality.
Just had a round trip MIACDG  CDG MIA. I cannot complain about anything. The timing was right very clean. Yes no inflight entertainment but who does not have some sort of personal electronic device these days. Got my iPad uploaded 4 movies for the trip and everything went fine. The crew was very polite. The food? Way better than AA. I was able to upgrade to the Galaxy seating option. Not the equivalent of a full first class accommodation yet very comfortable with a very good service. The price overall was not bad upgrade included!
Syrian Arab Airlines LHRDamascusLHR. Flights departed ontime aircraft an A320. The crew were helpful and efficient and we were supplied with one main meal which was fine. We were also given a drink during the flight. Havent used them for an internal flight but would be happy to use them again on an international flight.
  They cancelled my flight and would only offer an 80 euro refund. The flight was 450 euro. The customer service was very poor in dealing with this matter. I was outraged and still havent received my 80 euro! Theyre a scamming airline. Very poor service. 
  The snack served on flight was pretty cheap comparing to another airline which serves a whole meal. The service was not as good as it should be. I did not feel any warm welcome for the flight attendants. Flights also delayed. Kept change departure time twice.
  San Diego to San Francisco. Virgin America was nicer than Southwest. Entertainment was fantastic, seat room wasnt that great but the view of the pacific was beautiful. I would definitely fly them again. It was very easy to get tot the gate because it was so close to security. I got priority security  boarding for $15 extra. The flight was much cheaper nonstop than Southwest, so I only spent like $75. Alaska Air  Virgin America have merged so only have to useearn mileage points on Mileage Plan Alaska.
 Problem airlines. Every time I decided to fly with them, I struggle with problems. I made a booking on July 2020 for a flight from HCM to Ha Not this September. This August, they have been bought by Vietnam Airlines and changed their name now Pacific Airlines. They had to change all bookings previously made. By entering our booking in their new system, they made a mistake with the name of my fiancee they forgot her 3rd name. I shown them the proof I have put the right complete name when I made the original booking and the mistake came from their end. They did not care at all and ask me to pay for another ticket. We refused to pay and it took 2h30 to bargain with them and make the name modification without paying any fees for their mistake. Fortunately, the ground service in HCM airport were fully understandable and made their best toward for us to do not pay any additional fees.
Flew Amsterdam  Aruba  Amsterdam OR363 and OR 364 in July 2014. The outbound flight was on one of the old 767300s a noticeably old and used aircraft approx. 25 yo. The seats in economy provide just enough legroom and you indeed have to pay for everything. Since the flight was only around €50 cheaper than the KLM alternative I would not recommend this one especially due to the old and noisy aircraft the charter flight customers many crying children and relatively inattentive crew. However the return flight was a brand new 787 Dreamliner aircraft in which I chose to fly Star Class. The difference is huge. The aircraft is quiet spacious and the seats and service in Star Class are much like Business Class with other premium airlines. You pay €270 for an upgrade which is decent value for money. All in all I would only fly Arkefly long distance again if it would be in the 787.
  The Tehran lounge was really good, free highspeed WiFi, plenty of comfortable seating and endless snacks and food options which is really impressive considering that Mehrabad is a small, 90 yearold airport mainly used for domestic flights, despite being international. The A310 aircraft was really old but well maintained, seats were very comfortable and featured a whopping 1.5m of legroom. The interior was definitely upgraded from the original aircraft as things like touchscreens were nonexistent at the time the aircraft was built. Bathroom was also clean and spacious. A small amenity kit was provided along with some masks and a hand sanitizing gel. A non alcoholic predeparture drink was served along with warm nuts. The cabin crew were super warm and friendly, a warm breakfast was served which was magnificent. The service and amenities were unbelievable for such a short flight. Though no WiFi was available on board and the IFE needed some serious improvement. Also some snacks and refreshments were served before landing but I was too full to eat or drink so I just went for some water. We departed on time but arrived 20 minutes early and like all flights with Iranian pilots, the landing was butter smooth. It costed 120$ for a round trip in business class. Overall really good flight and I would definitely fly Mahan Air again.
I booked two Tuifly flights in late August for November DUSKLU and CGNINN. The departure times were changed for both flights in advance 3 hours earlier 6 hours later. Web checkin didnt work properly for one of the flights so that had to contact the desk at the airport. The staff was very unfriendly and not willed to print a real boarding pass. When I entered the security area a delay for an unknown reason was announced. In the end we were allowed to board the plane 3 hours later no vouchers or anything else were handed out to the passengers. The seat pitch was miserable and the cabin was dirty  crew was unfriendly. All in all I can only say that I had a horrible feeling when I was on board a Tuifly plane.
  French Bee is fine for a budget airline. Airport airline staff in Paris were rude and unhelpful. Cabin crew were polite, friendly and professional
  On Thursday April 13,23 my husband and I traveled with 4 kids, our flight was scheduled for 855 it was delayed to 930 no problem, we get to the terminal we were told the flight was delayed again to 1018pm so we walked around with the kids and got back to our gate to find no one was there we asked a JetBlue employee was the gate changes and she responded no the plane boarded already but we said we were told to come back at 945 figure it was only 915pm. They got confused there was two flights leaving to JFK, we were given the wrong gate number so the lady told us we would have to wait, only 2 seats available only our flight but figure we have 6 tickets. I purchased my infant a seat and had no choice but to fly with my infant and 5 year old. My husband had to wait and get on the next flight with my 8 year old and 9 year old. When we asked why we dont have seats we were told they had to give our seats to flight attendants so why not notify us prior. JetBlue broke my stroller and all they gave me was a credit for my infant seat, disgusting.
 Bangkok to Taipei. First, it is very hard to get the customer service to reply by email or phone. Once you are luck to reach them by phone, you will find out the process  reschedule or cancellation is horrible. I ended up cancelling the flight as I am tired of listening to all those unprofessional customer representative that probably trained to put the best interest of the company instead of being realistic and fair to the customers. The cancellation process is horrible that you have to send the passport and flight details again which they should have those info already. I will never book the flight from Thai Lion Air as this is my first time to book and the experience of booking, reschedule, cancellation and customer service are all really bad that I can not imagine the experience of getting on the flight.
  Bangkok to Chiang Mai. Given just 48 hours notice of flight being changed to earlier flight due to festival. Too late by then to change my other connecting flight from Krabi. Customer support very robotic and not great English. Offered no helpful solution to my problem. Will not trust them to fly with them again.
  I feel compelled to share my recent experience with Sky Express on a flight booking from HER to LHR. This review serves as a cautionary tale and a sincere warning to anyone considering flying with this airline. I am utterly disappointed and frustrated with the level of service and the unexpected changes that disrupted my entire travel plans.  I received an email notification regarding a modification to the arrival time of my flight, which I acknowledged without hesitation. However, little did I know that this was just the beginning of a nightmare. The subsequent change in arrival airports was kept hidden from me, resulting in a colossal mess and immense inconvenience. To salvage my travel arrangements, I had no choice but to secure an additional flight with Aegean Airlines from HER to LHR, burdening me with an unexpected expense of €324.29. It is beyond comprehension that I had to bear such costs due to Sky Express utter lack of professionalism and failure to provide adequate information or seek consent for substantial modifications. The frustration and financial burden caused by this airline are simply inexcusable. I strongly urge anyone planning to fly with Sky Express to think twice before entrusting them with your travel arrangements. They have proven themselves to be untrustworthy, uncaring, and completely negligent in fulfilling their responsibilities to passengers. In light of my disastrous experience, I have decided to file a claim for a refund of the Sky Express ticket and reimbursement for the expenses incurred due to their incompetence.  Sky Express has shown a complete disregard for customer satisfaction, fairness, and basic communication. Spare yourself the stress and financial burden by avoiding this airline at all costs.
  The check in staff was not informed on the baggage policy, made me wait for about 15 mins while she checked with someone on call. There was no response from the other line and she made a random decision to charge me for my carry on bag INR 8000 which was apparently way more than the cost of ticket itself. Her supervisor was just interested in moving the queue and she would not listen to the details of my booking. Eventually I was getting late for the flight and had no option other than to give in at that time to get my boarding pass. More details I was flying from Chicago to Chandigarh and my domestic leg from New Delhi to Chandigarh was booked on United Airlines operated by Vistara. I had 2 check in bags  carry on bag  laptop bag, all under permissible weight limits and typical of an international flight from USA to India. I was not sure about the size of the aircraft in the domestic flight so I inquired if my carry on bag would fit in or not. They mentioned it wont and even if it did it is above 7kg limit for a carry on bag and instead of taking the risk I should check in and pay for 15kgs instead. This was in spite of me showing them the Vistara policy which had to honour the same baggage allowance for connections from international flights within 48 hrs. Her recommendation was that I either magically get rid of my 8kg belongings or pay up to board the flight, given the departure time I had no option other than to pay up. To make matters worse the supervisor on the floor was completely rude and interested in chatting with her friends than pay attention to any questions from customers. Fast forward, I boarded the flight, half empty and huge spaces for carry on bags in the flights and knowing all that she still made me check in the bag for additional amount. I felt completely ridiculous and betrayed and I hope that the airlines invest some time in teaching manners and policies to their front end staff.
The gentleman in their London office I dealt with on the phone when making the booking was extremely helpful in explaining the various options to me. On the security front I was comfortable as xrays and sniffer dogs were employed at the departure gate. Both flights departed and arrived on time and were comfortable. The food especially on the return flight was more than passable. The onboard service was excellent  nothing too much trouble for the cabin crew  even when dealing with the incessant demands of the spoilt brat male passenger in front of me who I would happily have throttled. These were the most pleasant flights I have made in years.
 My parents and I are on vacation to attend my brothers graduation in Canada. We are now required to look for alternatives on our own because JAL cancelled our flight to Malaysia a couple of days prior to our flight due to it being an overnight transit. They are not assisting with alternatives and the only compensation they offer is a refund which is not immediate or a flight 4 months from now. I was told it was my fault for purchasing a ticket with overnight stay.  And why is cancellation notice only given through calls and at the very last minute? 
  Timely, polite, clean, safe. Nothing to complain about. Bag arrived quickly. Thanks for making my holiday trouble free and enjoyable. I can recommend this airline.
  Ive flied with AirAsia many times, the seats are quite cramped and everything costs extra but the prices are very cheap when booked in advance. However at Kuala Lumpur Klia2 airport I got lost and had a lot of luggage so I had to use the lifts which would only take me up one floor at the time  it took me ages to get to Departures. I was able to check in at the Self check in machines and I even got my luggage tags but when I arrived at the Baggage drop 5 min later, the staff said that she cant accept my bags anymore the flight was leaving in 55 min. I went to complain to the Customer Service desk and the staff was very unhelpful and rude couldnt care less that I was going to miss a flight because of a few minutes error. I asked about different options and they only offered to change my flight for next day which would have cost me AUD 960  I had paid AUD 160 for my flight. I ended up sleeping at the airport and taking another flight next morning through Bali with another company which was a little cheaper than the option that they had offered me.
  Flown with Qatar Airways to the UK a few times now and they are always consistently good. Economy will always be economy, but with Qatar it is at least reasonably comfortable. Pretty good leg room, seat comfort fine, IFE has a good selection and the food was of a good standard. Standout for me though was their punctuality. All flights left right on time and arrived bang on time. Boarding process is organised and the crew were welcoming.
  Delhi to Paris via Kuwait. A320 was not comfortable while Boeing 777 was comfortable but the airport layover at Kuwait was really negative experience. Washrooms are filthy and behaviour of security staff is rude and they are disorganized. Overall the environment is cold on the airport seems like a shut down shopping mall and layover is not recommended. You can opt for this airline if they are not transiting through Kuwait otherwise not recommended at all.
 Berlin to Belgrade. Terrible! The worst customer service! They stole my money and no one is even trying to help me solve it. They canceled my flight and when I go to their office, they say Try call center. When I try the call center they say Write an email and when I write 1520 emails, no one is replying. I am Serbian and I am very very disappointed and embarrassed that they represent my country. They should be ashamed and give the job to someone who really wants to work and make this mess better.
  I would like to give special praise for Air Stewardess Nurul who served me at the Premium Economy cabin. She has been very proactive in asking and suggesting drinks and snacks to eat throughout the trip. Very friendly , good listener and very conversant. 
We have just returned from a week in Tunisia flying with Karthogo. I can agree with the other comments that have been made with regards to the cleanliness of the plane and food. The food was awful on both outbound and in bound flight so I would suggest that you eat beforehand. Also the plane wasnt very clean at all and most of the seats looked very tatty. There are no TVs on these planes so I suggest that you take an IPOD or something. This is the first and last time that we could use this airline. If I had known before hand I wouldnt have used them.
  There was a 6 hour delay of the flight initially. From 145 am it was changed to 715 am. I was at the airport from 9 pm the previous night until they announced the boarding call at 700 am. The boarding time was suppose to be at 615 am. Another hour late. We were sleepy, hungry and thirsty. The airways didnt even provide any provisions for the affected passengers. To make the situation even worse was, that our connecting flight to our destination had been affected.  They didnt offer any compensation for the tickets we had lost due to the flight changes. Time check as of this moment 740 and they are still boarding passengers.
  Havent even flown with them yet and its already been super stressful. I booked flight on my cruise line to the Eastern Caribbean for a vacation package with airfare from San Jose to Miami for the first Saturday of June this weekend and I have had to pick my same seats next to my friend THREE times already. First time, no charge, included in my itinerary as it should be but the connecting flight was originally too close to boarding time for the cruise, so they moved the connecting flight to one that is earlier and even though our original flight from San Jose to our layover was the same, they cancelled our seats for both flights. I had to book the same seats with a cost. I messaged their chat and was assured by the agent Id receive a refund for the seats while still guaranteed my original seats next to my friend for both flights. I check my itinerary today to confirm and they cancelled my seats when they refunded me.  I chatted with them again today and theres nothing they can do, so now I have had to pay for my flights, seats, and baggage for eachflight 4 total at $35 each flight for just my one check bag and $30 for my seats each way 3 days before my already expensive vacation. I will never fly JetBlue again. I dont even care if the service on the flights re good. This stress and expense is unacceptable right before a vacation.
 This is the worst airline I have ever travel. The customer service is horrible. They change your gate often and dont announce it causing so many to lose their flights. Also, please make sure to purchase bags online. Otherwise the will try and charge you over $300 for to luggage just for one way. Honestly this airline is worse than Spirit and should be audited and place under investigation. On my last trip I purchased a round trip ticket with them, going to my destination and returning I received the same horrible customer service. I sat  watched many lose their flights and get treated poorly.
Fly Blue1 twice a year from Stockholm Arlanda to Vassa. The other reviews are right about the plane noise it is pretty loud with a prop plane. But the fact that it was 2x1 plus the seats were blue leather and larger than normal than made up for it.
  This company is incredibly disrespectful. They used to be good but last years they have degraded significantly. A few weeks after booking first issue came up the last leg Bucharest  Iasi of the flight was cancelled. No refunds, no nothing. So on top of the ticket price i now had to pay for an extra bus ride to Iasi ! Online check in was not possible, presumably due to the Covid19 pandemic. But they do charge you 36! Euros for airport checkin fee! When calling them to ask about these problems they just hang up the phone, when contacting them on social media they block you and if you mail them they ignore you. This company needs to be looked at by authorities because this is not serious at all. I used to fly them a lot but last few years they disappointed me too much.
  After standing at baggage claim for an hour, Interjet informed us that they intentionally left many suitcases in another country and that they would give us paperwork to fill out in order to send the luggage to wherever our final destinationhome. This resulted in many of us missing connecting flights. After 12 hours stuck in an airport, having to buy and book my own flight out after they refused to do it for me. It was not until 16 days later that I was notified that they are sending my suitcase to a city over two hours away from. During this entire process, they have completely been ignoring me and refusing to send me any of the compensation forms for the numerous expenses that began to accumulate due to Interjet. I have traveled the world, on numerous airlines and worked with hundreds of various customer services and Interjet is by far, the worst customer service I have ever received. It has now been nearly a month and I have consistently been contacting them regarding these compensation forms and they have been nothing but silent. I will ensure that no friend, family, stranger or anyone I meet will ever even consider flying with an airlines like Interjet.
  JT683 Lion Air morning flight from Surabaya to Palangkarya. Departed on time. The flight was not full, so all passengers were in the plane 15 minutes before departure. Takeoff was smooth and the flight landed in Palangkaraya exactly at 7.50 am but landing was rough.
  I recently visited Mexico and I didnt have any issue going to my destination. Although the boarding started later than expected at DFW, I wasnt surprised. However, on my way back it was a different story. I arrived at the airport in Monterrey and got my covid test. I went to check in and the representative canceled my flight although I had a negative result without even telling me the trick she had just pulled. However, she advised me to continue to security and I even waited an hour to board, when it was time to board I wasnt allowed to board because the customer service representative had canceled my flight without even notifying me. The representatives didnt know what to say but they said they will give me a ticket for the next flight to my destination. Upon arriving to speak to management, the manager sent me to sales and sales sent me to the same customer representative who canceled my seat. She then proceeded to say Id be lucky if she could give me a flight for the next day or two. She was beyond unprofessional and rude while continuously laughing at my situation. I decided to not waste my time with them. I had to buy another ticket to my destination and the American Airlines personnel were a delight unlike everyone I had to deal with VivaAerobs. VivaAerobs goes through several shady practices and flying with them is a risk Im never taking again.
  My infant daughter and I flew from Cape Town to Xian via Johannesburg and Shenzhen. Firstly I was told our baggage would go all the way to Xian which it did not, but that is the fault of the rude checkin counter rep in Cape Town. My daughter and I arrived in Johannesburg and had to check in our luggage onto our connecting Air China flight to Shenzhen. In Shenzhen I was told to check my luggage in again for the last leg of our journey to Xian. However my one suit case and my daughters stroller never arrived, and I later learned that it never left Johannesburg airport. I arrived home having none of my daughters clothes, all her clothes at home were too small for her and to add insult to injury we are now in a 14 day quarantine. We arrived on Tuesday afternoon and were told that on Saturday it would arrive. It is now Saturday evening and still no word on its expected arrival. Utterly shocking service. On a more positive note, cabin crew were friendly and helpful.
  New York JFK to Riga. This is a terrible airline. I asked the checkin desk staff about buying an upgrade to business class  they claimed that cannot be done, told me Id need to buy a whole new ticket. The staff is so incompetent the company actually loses money. Trying to get assistance any from either Air Baltic or Uzbekistan Air both tell you to call the other and claim they cannot help. This is my first and last time choosing Uzbekistan Airways, I blame myself for believing some of these Eastern country airlines would compare to the western airlines. There was no power  USB outlet, no personal tv, and they give you about 68oz of water for the 8 hour flight. You have to harass the staff to get more tiny glasses of water.
Flight RGNTVYMGZ on an old ATR. Plane very worn from the inside and outside. Cabin crew very friendly and efficient. Small snacks and drinks offered on each sector. Recommended.
  They lost my car seat they dont want to be responsible to pay for it to get replaced. I had to buy a new car seat for my v vacation during my stay in San Antonio. They gave me a 75 dollar discount for next flight my car seat was 350. They told me to make a police report which I did and they still going around the bush not acting responsible for it. Im very disappointed on Alaska Airlines, I used to absolutely love them. I was able to flight directly from Seattle to San Antonio but you cant keep flying with someone who thinks its okay to leave your child without a car seat.
  Good flight and on time both out and back. Good clean airplane with nice, caring crew. Food is just ok nothing special. Entertainment quite basic same out and back after 3 weeks. Basic old fashioned head sets, not noise cancelling, surprises me on a 787. Seats are quite hard very noticeable on a 13 hour flight but do lie flat. Adequate space. For this airline to compete with middle east and Asian airlines it has a bit to do. If I go to Vietnam again, which I will do I will fly Vietnam Airlines again. Basically no complaints the service is good if not 5 star.
 Boarding in Venice started with a short delay  flight to Vienna was a short however pleasant experience. A decent snack was served accompanied by Austrian wines. FAs were very friendly. Only minor point was the fact that once again the plane was not at a gate in Vienna  despite the bus transfers were Ok. Flight to Brussels was very good despite the delay. On this flight a hot meal was served with a cake as dessert. The meal was very good  good Austrian wines as well. The purser and her assistant on this flight were exceptional. A more than decent business experience in Europe. For sure my best European flight so far during this year.
 Reagan to Providence with American Eagle. Flight was consistently delayed. Gate changed 2 times. Plane changed to a smaller plane. Was not informed of the smaller plane or that those with tickets in rows not available on the new plane would get bumped. Meal voucher given was declined when I tried to use it. Was not told original flight had mechanical issues and another plane was being used which had room for some of those that were bumped until I overheard other passengers talking about it. Worst experience ever.
  I have a flight booked for this Friday. Went through Avelo website to book my flight .. my itinerary says I paid 97$ for my one way flight 40$ for my carry on bag and 27$ for my seat. Total on my itinerary was 186$ when I booked it. After about an hour I logged onto my bank statement. It showed Avelo airlines took out 236$. 50$ more than what I originally thought I paid. After being on hold for 52 minutes inquiring about this charge the woman I finally spoke with after 52 minutes of being on hold proceeds to tell me that they decided to change my itinerary and charge me 50$ more after I booked my initial flight and the only way I found out was by checking my bank statement. So even though I was not informed nor booked for the price I thought I was initially paying. She told me if I wanted to keep the flight that the 236$ was final. I do not recommend this airline as they will take more of your money than what you think your initially paying. Id give them zero stars if it were an option.
  Bad experience, bought a tickets from the internet and paid more 100€ for a check in. Dont fly with wizzair. Very bad company, its only feels cheap and at the end you are paying more than normal flights
  Gatwick to Puerto Vallarta. We travelled in premium economy both directions and its worth the upgrade, but only just. Firstly the premium check in was fast, the included lounge access was great. The only part of the upgrade that doesnt work is the bags off first, this didnt happen in both directions. The food quality was acceptable, drinks were free flowing. The crew seemed to be experienced and happy which made for an enjoyable flight both ways.
  Dhaka to Kolkata. We were kept waiting for 15 mins due to their software problems, even in the business class queue. At last, they checked us in under special service from another counter. The flight was delayed by 2.5hrs due to heavy fog that day. But for the business class ticket, we were given a good lounge with premium food and wifi. So wasnt much frustrated. We were chauffeured to our aircraft in a 2006 Toyota Axio. But we were a little disappointed as despite for paying for business class, our seats were not good. The galleys wall was in front of us, so we were deprived of a lot of leg room. But suddenly, a passenger fell ill as the plane taxied to the runway for takeoff. So the plane had to go back to its initial position, drop off the sick passenger in an ambulance and then returned to the runway, resulting in another 40 min delay. At last, the plane took off. The food quality snacks, was average. Was served a hot dog, shwarma, and cake. But the seat itself was comfortable beside Window. There was no infotainment system at all, let alone wifi. So was a bit disappointed. Landed at Kolkata after a short 30 min flight.
  Horrible Customer Service. It has been 5 days since Condor lost our bags. We spent 2 hours at BWI being told continuously that the bags were coming and then we found out they were not able to be located. I completed a form at BWI. I was subsequently told by Condor without a specific reference number that I was not provided they were unable to locate or help me find my baggage. They were unable to accept any customer service complaints. I have filed numerous forms with the company and have not been contacted as yet. I have been hung up multiple times by their customer service representatives. They are uncaring and unhelpful at customer service. While on board the seats were cramped and unable to recline properly. You had to pay for any significant premium entertainment €9 for old movies. I will never fly this airline again.
  I had worst experience with Air Asia airlines today with flight from Delhi to Jaipur. At checkin unnecessary harassment to my 14year old, first with ID, not convinced with Aadhar card. I had to rush to give money he asked to pay as compensation, as my childs boarding had started. I had no option but to give money. Allowed luggage is 25kg, which I clarified twice before doing online check in, this guy says only 15kg. Now again pay money for extra luggage.  Very disappointed with AirAsia India.
  Horrible experience. Our flight from New York left 3 hours late. While we were flying over Brazil the pilot suddenly announced that we will be landing in Brasilia because the crew had reached the maximum time that they were allowed to work. We had to get off the plane, go through passport control, pick up our suitcases and go and stand in line to do the check in again. We were in line for more than one hour because many people in front of us had to rebook connecting flights. Four hours later we left Brasilia for Sao Paulo. We spent all that time at the airport and the ground crew did not offer any refreshments. The plane from Brasilia to Sao Paulo was half empty, however, the flight attendant did not allow us to change seats so that we would have more leg room. The flight from Brasilia to Sao Paulo was just over one hour long and we arrived more than 7 hours later than originally scheduled. It is amazing that the crew could not work for just one more hour and instead about 300 people had to be inconvenienced and many missed their connection. When I called the TAM customer service center I spoke to a man who gave me the most ludicrous reasons as to why the crew could not work for one more hour. I had flown this route many times before with Delta or American Airlines and there were some delays but never this type of situation. TAM didnt even offer to compensate us for the delay. We will never fly with this airline again.
DACCGP. Online booking available. On arrival at the domestic airport a Regent Airways porter carries your luggage to check in desk. Polite greeting from check in staff who handled process very efficiently enquiring about seat preference. Bussed to the ac on air conditioned buses. Cabin crew polite and well groomed in their dark grey suits. Clean cabin good seat pitch and comfortable seats. The 30 minute flight includes a snack service consisting of a snack box and a soft drink. Punctual landing and baggage on the belt within 10 minutes of landing. Excellent flight overall.
  This airline company should not exist. Never tried it before and will never use it again. There is no phone to call. The email or messenger has no value as no one will respond. Our flight got rescheduled 4 times and last night was changed again and our last day of our vacations has been a disaster. All day in airport and we are supposed to leave at 11.15pm and arrive maybe at 3am, originally scheduled to arrive by 7.30pm. There is no consideration from this company to any customer.
  A wonderful flight with TUI in July. A very special aircraft with a very interesting history taking us down to Kefalonia. The first time I have been on an plane since before the covid pandemic. The crew were lovely and the views out the window are a whole new level. Very interesting seeing France, Belguim, Germany, the Adriatic sea, and the Italian Islands including Dias before making a beautiful approach in to EFL, seeing Zaknythos before touching down quite hard with 6 minutes to spare and a flight time of just 2 hours and 50minutes. GTUKF has an allwhite livery due to being delivered from Pegasus Airlines only 4 months prior. She was originally built in 2006 for Ryanair as EIDPE. In 2013 she became TCIZG, operating for Pegasus Airlines. She joined TUI Airways in March 2020 and has been operating for TUI ever since.
  Best staff ever. Great little airline. We did 5 flights in all, every one on time. Staff super friendly and helpful. We connected in Belize and got through immigration much faster than expected. They put us on an earlier flight and even called our hotel to pick us up early. Excellent service!!!! Planes are small propeller type, so no real in flight service or drinks etc, also note no toilets on board. Flight from Cancun took an hour and a half so worth keeping in mind. They use the private FBO terminal in Cancun airport so make sure your taxi knows that when going to the airport. All in all super friendly, everything was on time, these are small planes but all were smooth even through dark clouds. Very well organised ground staff, a pleasant change from flying through big terminals on big airlines.
  Most disgusting airline. I have tried this twice and their were delayed for both the times. They dont respect your time and wont even send prior information so you are left stranded at airport waiting for hours.
  Jaipur to Bahrain via Muscat. My original flight was cancelled and I was put onto a flight the next day  since this did not work for me, the least I expected was some assistance  but not a single customer service representative could help and I am still going back and forth with them as I type this review 2 weeks after my flight!. The last 4 communications have not even received a response and when I try to call, they say you can only email us for this issue. Never going to deal with them again.
  Very frustrating and poor service. They lure you with lower fare and then their carry on size are so small that you will have to buy checked luggage just for carry ons. So, ultimately you end up paying more than Westjet or other airlines. I had to pay Lynx Air CAD 377 for 4 carry on bags. Also, after taking this much money they only serve you water in flight. More so flight is delayed for 90 min, later I learned that it is a usual practice for Lynx. I suggest to avoid this Airline.
 Overall I would definitely recommend choosing Jetstars business class as the cost quite reasonable. It was must be my lucky day as the plane arrived on time to Denpasar. The downside is I was unable to do online checkin. Fortunately, there was no queue for business class checkin. The cabin and toilet was clean  fresh, up to standard. Seat comfort was okay, but it could have been comfier. Food and beverage was good, but it would be better if they separate the dessert time. Not put at the same tray on main course. This could provide better enjoyment as it is served together with tea and coffee. In addition, the appetizer was disappointing as it was only served a pack of pretzel instead of proper meal. Despite of 3course dining not being perfect, cabin staff service was prompt and excellent. As they noticed I did not request extra beverage, they were proactive to offer me more snacks and drinks.
  The most boneheaded experience Ive ever had on an airline. Flying from Miami to Guadalajara via Mexico City. Arriving in Mexico City it proved impossible to discover the gate associated with my connecting flight. Not present in the airport departures listing. A random Interjet gate agent urged me to wait 20 minutes. 20 minutes later urged me to go upstairs and ask at the Interjet desk. Visit the desk and am told, Gate T. Go to Gate T and find Tampico passengers being boarded. Return to the Interjet desk, told Guadalajara boarding after Tampico. Return to Gate T and a lengthy wait until I am sitting at a deserted gate. Return to the Interjet desk. Oh, that flight has departed. WTF! From where because it didnt leave from the gate you sent me to. Go downstairs and see my supervisor and she will book you on another flight. Supervisor insists that the gate information was sent to the airport and not our fault that it wasnt displayed. Of course not, who would have the audacity to blame Interjet for this mess up. And thanks for the heartfelt sympathy. So now my 9PM connection is a 6AM connection and I am enjoying the night at an airport gate. If I wanted to fly for 20 hours I would have booked a flight to Asia. Interjet is the airline that cant shoot straight.
  Paris to Newark. I previously reviewed British Airways regarding the flight which left early without contacting us and the unhelpful ground staff who refused to help us because we didnt purchase our ticket with British Airways which left us, essentially, stranded in Paris Orly airport. Since then we have tried to rectify the situation only to find their staff lacking both a desire to be helpful and a professional approach to customer service. Their customer service is not user friendly to begin with having odd hours of operation and the wait time to get a representative was always over 30 minutes and then several times placed on hold where call would be disconnected. Having not received any satisfactory response to our emails or phone calls, a letter was written to the corporate office and sent certified mail. The letter was sent over 6 weeks ago and there has not yet been a response from British Airways. Unfortunately, British Airways seems to be an airline with little concern for their passengers or for their customers satisfaction. This was our first time flying with British Airways. Sadly, it will probably be our last.
  The liveries on the Nok Air planes are superb. Bright and a great stand out feature. The flight left on time and bags were collected very quickly at the other end. Seats are worn and dirty. For a 50 minute I couldnt complain.
Luxembourg to Madrid on Boeing 737800 in Economy. Check in easy, no line and friendly agent. No line at security and into the gate area with plenty of seats. Not much choice for food one restaurant with snacks. Around 80 full cabin, friendly attendants welcome on board in EnglishFrenchLuxembourgese. Departed 15 min late due to baggage loading. Good flight overall, just over 2 hours and served a snack and drinks. They had some entertainment on the dropdown screens but I was watching my own Ipad. Flightmap would pop up here and there to let us know where we were. Landed in Madrid at T4 and bags were out pretty fast. A good flight for US$150.
CPTWVBWDHFRA Business class. CheckIn at CPT was a total chaos. Air Namibia ground handling agents didnt bother to put airline logo destination etc on the screens above the counters  we had to ask if they had a dedicated Business Class checkincounter and which one it was. Queuing up there didnt save us plenty of time though since they worked almost in slow motion. Aircraft on Cape TownWindhoek flight was a B737200 built in the early 70s but in relatively good condition. Huge oldfashioned business class seats. Service very friendly and attentive  for Air Namibia standards even excellent. Our flight to Windhoek wasnt nonstop but landed in the beautiful desert airport of Walvisbay where they let some passengers get off and others get on the plane for the last remaining 30 minutes of the flight to Windhoek. This stopover lasted no longer than 25 mins. We had left Cape town with half an hour delay but managed to arrive in Windhoek only 15 minutes behind schedule. Lounge in Windhoek is small packed with passengers waiting for the Frankfurt flight. WDHFRA their last remaining intercontinental route is flown with A340300 bought from Lufthansa. Business class is comparable to LH or BA of 15 years ago. Old style cradle seats no lieflats. IFE in armrest as personal TV but only a small selection of movies. Food edible dinner had 3 main course options breakfast either hot omelette or cold cuts wines were delicious. Toilets clean small amenity kit was provided. I had 34 hours sleep. Their business class cant compare with major airlines but Air Namibia does the job. Their prices are reasonable.
  Titan Airways flew us back from Mytilene to Manchester Flight ZT1501 as part of the repatriation after TC collapsed. The flight was excellent, particularly the stewardesses who were helpful, efficient and courteous. The plane was very clean with better leg room than Ive had before on a typical economy class carrier at anytime in the past, outside of long haul flights. The only gripe I had was the in flight entertainment, it didnt work even though it said I was connected, I got no connection to it at anytime of trying. This is why its only a 9 and not a 10 star review.
  Kolkata to Chattogram. Problem occurred at Boarding pass counter. Limit of my bags weight 35. It shows on boarding counter scale, but just 30 minutes ago I Traveled from Delhi to Kolkata by Air India. Ok though I agree with this. I have a hand bag of 05 kg. If the counter lady have gave me the opportunity for transferring some of my accessories to my hand bag then problem solved. Moreover do 3kg very much overweight?  I have to throw out some accessories from my bag. After then I get my boarding pass. Very nice experience.
 Boston to Athens via Rome. I was worried after reading all of the poor reviews, but our experience with ITA Airways was great! Nice staff, normal airplane food just like any other flight, luggage all made it, all flights were on time. Overall, a great experience considering we were traveling from the US to Athens on three different flights.
  Jakarta to Denpasar. After the flight was already 30 minutes delayed, I had to search for information myself, only to find out that there would be a delay of 45 minutes because of technical difficulties. The airlines zero information policy towards its guests is shameful. Passengers are not customers at Lion Air, but simply numbers. Not even the minimum requirements in the linguistic handling of passengers of other countries are met by the cabin crew. The crew speak a gaping English and can barely communicate with simple sentences. Even though the planes are outwardly standard, the care inside the planes is miserable. The cabin is dirty and more like a citybus instead of an airplane. Departure times are more of a guideline and changed at will, information will not be shared, the airlines constant delays are really remarkable. On the returning our flight should have been 3 hours late without any advance information. It was not until I took a look at the boarding card that there was a different departure time than planned. Asked about the new departure time, the checkin staff member from Lion only commented Yes a new shedule time ... we have technical problems with our aircraft ... then it would be better to rebook and return to Jakarta with another airline. As a passenger, I would like to be informed about changes to the timetable, etc. without being asked to do so and not have to do my own research first. There is also no service on board. Unless you pay. Is so far to agree with the pricing policy of the airline, but not that one can not even place his orders in English. For me it is by far the worst airline with which I have flown so far. Never again! 
  Bangkok to Melbourne via Brunei. For this journey, Royal Brunei offered an all inclusive fare seat allocation, meals, bag at a great price. This review relates to the return Bangkok  Melbourne. The first leg from Bangkok to Brunei on an older A320 was OK. Then three hours in Brunei, made quite pleasant by the newly renovated airport which feels airy and spacious, if a little sombre. I find the lack of alcohol on the planes and at the airport in Brunei quite refreshing, so this wasnt a concern for me. Seats on the 787 overnight flight to Melbourne were comfortable, even for a taller person, made better by the fact that the plane was only around half full, and the fact that the very considerate person in front of me never reclined her seat. I have never travelled on a full 787, so cannot comment on how comfortable the 9 across format would be on a full plane. My special meal was very nicely prepared, and the crew were warm and welcoming, doing waterjuice runs, as well as a snack run sweet or savoury towards the end of the flight. I spent most of the nights watching movies from a reasonable selection of US and foreign language films. Only major problem  at no time did I see any member of crew cleaning the toilets, and more than an hour before landing the floor of the nearest toilet was disgusting  a deal breaker for me.
 Absolute worst experience with traveling in my life. Flight was delayed for hours however, they had us on the tarmac for 3 hours not being able to take off. There was no airconditioning and we were not offered water as they were out of reusable cups. We boarded and deplaned twice before eventually canceling the flight. There were no representatives anywhere to give instructions. We were on our own. No food vouchers, no hotel accommodations, no nothing. We literally were stranded at JFK airport, until a rescheduled flight at 2 pm the following day! Dont even mention that their customer service is based out of the Philippines. Long wait to speak to someone. They offered no explanation or solutions. It was a terrible ordeal and they have since offered no apology or compensation.
I flew earlier in the day from Vancouver to Miami via Houston with Continental Airlines on my way to the Cayman Islands. The service and overall experience with Cayman Airways as compared to Continental was night and day. Cayman Airways uses 25 year old 737200s but youd think they just rolled off of the assembly line. Sparkling clean great colour scheme tons of leg room and seat pitch and great onboard service. I got more food and beverages on the 75 minute flight from Miami to Grand Cayman than I did on the 4.5 hour flight earlier in the day from Vancouver to Houston with Continental. Cayman had an awesome cabin crew and a very friendly pilot that personally thanked and shook hands with every passenger as we deplaned. I have nothing but positive things to say about Cayman Airways!!
  8 hr delay on flight take off. Land in Melbourne 3.5 hr wait for baggage. Need I say more. I have a nap sack I put under the seat and a carry on bag. AirAsia would not let me take my small bag on. So it got checked. And now the delays. And also last flight broken luggage. Avoid this airline.
 Nok Air cancelled the purchased flight with 48 hours notice and advised by email. Replies to request the same day later flight were ignored. 24 hours later I had to ask someone in Thailand to call Nok Air to rebook for me. Turned up for the later flight as planned with luggage of 42kg as recorded by international carrier. Nok scales weighed it at 45.9kg. I complained so they weighed it on another desk where it was back to 42kg! Clearly there is a huge disparity on revenue generating scales! Delay was 7 hours so once journey was complete I attempted to claim 1000 baht insurance as covered according to the policy having opted to spend considerably more on a hotel as the delay was added to a 6 hour wait already necessary due to my inbound international flight. Three weeks later and after numerous emails of nonsense from Nok Air I gave up. They can keep the 1000 baht, Im flying AirAsia instead, more expensive and not known for customer service but better the Nok Air by a country mile. On board Nok are equally as good or bad as AirAsia depending on your expectations but customer service is not a concept Nok Air has mastered to date.
Having traveled via American Eagle for years from San Juan no longer an option unto the various islands in the Caribbean  I was interested when the best ticket deal was through Seaborne. Was totally surprised, left on time, arrived on time and luggage was claimed within 60 seconds of clearing immigration. As everyone knows, American has made a huge mistake in making Miami its hub  2 hours plus for immigration and customs  we all try to avoid it. I know my return via SJU will be quicker than anything American can offer. Seaborne stay in business  because us frequent business class flyers will begin to use you all the time.
  EasyJet is a solid reliable airline in Europe as long as you follow their rules. The app is the best APP Ive utilised, making flight changes simple. The airport experience is automated as much as is possible, but staff are around to assist and ensure you follow EasyJets rules on bags, sizes and boarding. Boarding is simple with 2 queues, one queue for those who prebooked a large cabin bag, and a second queue for those who only have a small rucksackhandbag. The flight experience is comfortable and predictable, the crew are polite. The food available to purchase is excellent. Bags arrived quickly. Overall this is a low cost airline, but well organised and rules it clearly presents during the booking process. For cheap point to point in Europe its excellent. I would always strongly advise downloading the app as any flight disruption is best managed using the app.
  I paid to get extra luggage in cabin, they didnt let me to bring it although it was in their parameters. I paid for fast lane, but theres no fast lane. Hope they dont ask me to change from the sit with extra leg space I also paid, like they are doing to other passengers. Dont recommend at all.
  Hong Kong to Seoul in March. The cabin crew was lack of teamwork. Food was fine but the beverage they offered was limited with very few choices. No personal TV was offered within the plane, so there was no entertainment. 
LHRTASLHR economy. When checking in at LHR I was informed that the flight would be making an unscheduled stopover at Paris CDG. The rumour had it that it was to pick up the UZB presidents daughter. All this meant the flight to TAS would take 9hrs long 2 hrs longer than normal. Some people confirmed such unscheduled stopovers were quite commonplace. I was not impressed. Inflight service is pretty bad. So bad that when you call the stewardess they do not turn up. Even when they turn up they are so unhappy to be serving you so rude it is quite unbelievable. I did not eat the food that was served so can not comment on that. On the way back I paid the head stewardess $100 to sit in business class. Seats are good not flat bed but of large size.
Unfortunately Star Class has been replaced by so called Premium Class. Flying from AMS to NatalBRA return it was not a good experience. Seats are small and uncomfortable food very average and full plane had to do with 3 toilets. There was one near the premium area that resulted in continuous queues of waiting travelers in the aisle. Flying back my partner and I wanted to ensure seats near one another and for that we had to pay extra! The service level does not at all equal Star class. I need to look for another airline flying NLBrasil.
 I booked CSA on return journey back from CPH to PRG used Norwegian to get there. While the flight was supposed to be operated by Airbus 319, upon getting to gate I spotted Boeing 737400 rented from Go 2 Sky, slovak charter airline. This plane has a history of more than 25 years, when it was flying all over the World operated by several unknown airlines too. The interior was really old, felt like a vintage plane and seat pitch very small. When booking a flight, safety is one of my priorities and this time I did not feel comfortable at all. I was Gold FF member of CSA for more than 10 years in a row, but I am happy that there are other options these days and I do not have to travel with them so frequently anymore.
  Just returned after spending nearly 10 hours at OR Tambo airport. Flight was cancelled due to a faulty spring on a flap. While I recognise theses things happen I was appalled by the way the staff treated customers. Little or no information was given. KQ staff were almost completely absent except when tracked. Sent from pillar to post trying to find luggage, no lunch vouchers provided, then informed you had to rebook yourselves on flights so complete mayhem trying to get to the KQ reservation desk back in the departures, non airside counter. Was informed no compensation except for new booking would be provide and if needed a hotel. I have family in Pretoria so headed back to them, incurring extra costs such as taxi fares but no compensation for these and all the other costs incurred let alone any compensation for wasting my and my 2 kids whole day, losing a days work, missing appointments etc. Am absolutely amazed at how badly KQ staff in Johannesburg are trained. This is not the first time. Last year when they lost my luggage for 3 days, KQ staff at ORTambo failed to inform me I was due 100 usd compensation. I only found out when I arrived in Nairobi and asked at the help desk in the arrival hall.
I fly 23 times a year ZRHSOFVAR. There is always delays and as a rule lastminute changed schedule causing 48 hours unplannedunexpected delay. I have logged an official complaint with the company and with national authorities but all in vain. Ill try not to use this company anymore. There are at least two other alternatives for the same flight if this is how it is going to be in the future.
  My family and I traveled this summer from Austin to Miami, two cities in Colombia, Madrid, France, and New York. We used multiple airlines and took carryon bags on all of them. We are a family of four, and each of us took a carryon suitcase. The bags qualified for carrying on in all of the airlines that we used, except for this one. Ridiculous enough, the trip that we used XL airways was an international trip from Paris to New York. At the airport, XL airways had a small compartment to measure the bags that they said the bag needed to fit in, including the wheels. It seems like they were doing this scam often enough because when we were boarding there were three guys ready to take the bags that people couldnt take as carryons in the plane. The representative told us that it was going to be $100 euros per bag and they took our passports and put us aside with many other people who were going through the same thing we were going through. They pretty much kept us until everyone boarded and told us that if we were going to take the flight, we needed to pay 65 euros per bag and he acted like he was doing us a favor. This was our flight to come home from a long trip, it was really late at night, and we had our six and nine year old exhausted kids with us, so we didnt see any other option than to pay them for the four bags. This is what they have on their website to pay for checked in bags. Also, during boarding time I have never seen an airline as disorganized as this one. There were no lines and they just called everyone at once. Inside the plane, there was no entertainment and the plane inside was very uncomfortable for a transatlantic trip. The only bright spot was that the crew was really nice to us, and they served one hot meal during the flight. Do not fly with this airline, they are not worth it, and if it is a family trip, even worse. Here are the measurements that most airlines advertise as carry on 22 x 14 x 9 in And here is theirs 21.7 in high X 13.8 in wide X 9.8 in deep. They are not really that much different. We had measured them before we left for the airport, as well as had carried them on several flights previously. I think what they do with the carryons is a scam, I will not recommend this airline to any of my colleagues, family or friends who travel quite often. I will not fly with them again!
  Malindo Air cancelled our flights due to COVID19 requested a refund or vouchers in April. Still have not heard back. Have sent multiple emails to customer service and they keep saying that they have forwarded them on to the correct department. Then nothing. Just want email back confirming they are processing them. Not sure how you can rate them if they didnt fly you anywhere.
 Baltimore to Keflavik. Absolute awful check in process. Only had one check in agent to check in over 50 people. If you do book, you must give yourselves two hours just to check in. The customer service at the check in desk was awful and unhelpful, in no rush to accommodate passengers.
GMPPUSGMP. Very good fast efficient and friendly staff. At GMP ground handling done by Asiana so all the traditional quirks of this great airlines. Served water and OJ on this very short flight.
  Bangalore to Delhi. Flight delayed more than 5 hours. 4 times rescheduled. No one from Airline bothered to offer teacoffee. No Correct information was passed on to passengers. And one more dangerous thing was before takeoff the engine developed snag. I recommend not to fly GoAir.
  Pathetic service. These people will never provide a direct flight. They will always cancel the direct flight for which you paid for and will give you the option to choose their alternative connecting flight or refunding the money. They did the same with me, my sister and my brother. They informed us just a week before the due to some technical reason the flight got cancelled. Taking a refund was not an option for me because the price of other flights were really high the time they informed us. So I was only left with the option to take the 8 hrs long connecting flight. 
  1 Punctual departure time on both round trips. 2 Boarding efficiency were high and orderly. 3 Even though they were domestic and one hour flights they could complete services in time ie snack, drinks, tea or coffee. 4 No additional hidden charges when booked, such as credit card fee, luggage charges etc.
  Cartagena to Cali. Paid the ticket 69000 pesos, equivalent to mBP15 or EUR16. We left on time, we arrived before the scheduled time. Some people judge an airline when they spend peanuts for it. I find Vivacolombia exceptional for what you pay.
CDGSEZCDG. Good flight with B767300ER. The aircraft has a nice blue relaxing interior in Pearl class and service was okay. Inflight entertainment system very simple and not very good. Cabin crew good and replying on anyones request. Food was better than expected. Seat was comfortable but not electronic powered. I heard Air Seychelles is going to have a new IFE and lie flat beds later in June.
  Seoul to Madrid. The flight crew provided professional and courteous service. I like flying on the Boeing 787 and it did not disappoint. The  economy food is never a great quality for any airline, but it was adequate. One thing I like with Korean Air is that flight attendants always try to meet your request and on this flight was no exception. The new economy seats and IFE screens were good. IFE movie and TV show selection could be more extensive. As majority of Koreans fly on Korean Air if they had more Korean movies and TV shows, Korean passengers would appreciate that.
  Yogyakarta to Jakarta. I am an American and was traveling through Indonesia. I stayed for 2 weeks and booked a flight with Sriwijaya Air from Jogja to Jakarta before my flight home. My flight home was scheduled with plenty of time to spare in Jakarta after I would have landed from my flight with Sriwijaya. In Jogja, myself and my fianc were waiting for our flight to Jakarta with Sriwijaya. We were in the terminal waiting and realized we hadnt boarded the plane and it was already after our scheduled take off time. We asked the airport staff if we were delayed. They said yes and that we were delayed an hour and a half. An hour and a half passed and we asked again and they said there was another 30 minute delay. 30 minutes passed and we asked again, and once again there was another delay. This continued for about 3 hours and we missed our flight home. Other flights were leaving on time except for Sriwijayas flights. There were no other flights home for 2 days so we had to stay 2 extra days in Indonesia. 
I flew to Kangerlussuaq A330 a couple days later to Nuuk Dash7 then Ilulissat KangerlussuaqCopenhagen Dash7  A330. The flights were pleasant on time and meals onboard were delicious Greenlandic products fish shrimp. Considering Air Greenland has more or less a monopoly on travel toin Greenland the service was excellent. On the KangerlussuaqNuuk leg we turned back 3 minutes before landing in Nuuk due to sudden fog upon landing in Kangerlussuaq we were given lunch vouchers worth 100 DKK and clear information on when we could attempt to fly again. Visitors must keep in mind that weather is very erratic and unpredicatable in Greenland so you need to factor possible delays not under the control of the airline. The safety card in the seat pocket had interesting information on how to use the seat upholstery to keep your feet warm in case of an emergency landing in arctic weather most unusual !
 I booked a seat on flight no. G8175 on 31 August 2020, scheduled to depart from Lucknow LKO to New Delhi DEL at 18.35. On 17 September 2020, I received an email stating that for your GoAir flight G8175 from Lucknow LKO to New Delhi DEL on 01 Oct 20 at 18.35 hrs has been rescheduled to depart at 22.10 hrs on 01 Oct 20. That means the flight has been postponed for 3 hours 35 minutes. Thats okay because amid this COVID19 Pandemic, many things are beyond our control so little bit adjustments are acceptable. Again on 30 September 2020 at 11.55am, I received an email that GoAir would like to inform you that your flight G8 175 on 01 Oct 20 from Lucknow LKO to New Delhi DEL is scheduled to depart Lucknow LKO at 09.20 and arrive New Delhi DEL at 10.30. That means the flight has now been preponed for 12 hours 50 minutes. At a short notice of less than 24 hours, it was informed that an evening flight has been rescheduled to a morning time. October 01, 2020 Thursday was a working day, so it is common sense that a person is booking the evening flight so that the workoffice may be attended during the day time. Without the consent of the passenger, how can the airlines decide that someone will be able to skip the office. It is a highly unprofessional and unacceptable approach. Due to the negligent policies and incompetent services, I was not able to reach Delhi on the night of October 01, 2020.
 I booked my return ticket from Dubai to Delhi and at the time of booking the attendant mentioned that i can cancel the ticket within one week. But when I cancelled my ticket I got a confirmation for cancellation but my refund did not come back until 20 days. I called several times to customer care but no one cares to reply via email or anything.
As a frequent flyer I must recommend flying with Luxair. The planes are a little small and the price is not equal to a budget airline, but then neither is the service offered. Each time I have flown with the airline has been a calm and enjoyable experience. Staff are friendly and helpful. The food provided on the plane is tasty. On any occasion I have made a seat request upon check in it has always been made possible with absolutely no fuss. The security at the airport may not be very chatty but are efficient and it is to this day the fastest security I have been through in any airport.
  Its nothing too special but it was definitely an affordable price. The inflight food and beverage was comprised of a juice box and bottled water. The customer service is ok. There was in issue with the website where it continually declined my card but it actually charged my card every time I attempted meaning with four attempts there were $750 in false charges. Fortunately the customer service could be reached by WhatsApp and they were able to refund me for the imaginary flight bookings.
Flew this new Jetstar Pacific route late October 2015 on its 2nd flight after inauguration. New A320 Aircraft. Flights on time. Service in airport fine. On board there was a very good, proactive crew who provided good service despite flight was full. Lots of things to buy, including airline souvenirs. Food and drinks available and were not expensive, several hot meals offered and served promptly. Major drawback is the online ticketpurchase which manipulates the price up and up and eventually put on a booking and service fees, so the price more than doubles as compared to what you start out with.
  Luxembourg to Venice. Lousy airline, first overbooking for a confirmed ticket, then absence of information on a problematic situation and incompetence and bad faith to find a solution.
Economy Class LHRATHEFL A320  Dash 8400. A huge improvement over the old Olympic Airlines. LHRATH on a new aircraft more than adequate legroom a decent hot meal served with complimentary beverages. Motivated hard working and smiling crew. ATHEFL was equally good with a snack and beverages on 45 minute flight.
  Gatwick to Prague. The flight was supposed to depart from Gatwick at 2.20pm and its now 5.04pm and everyone is in the airplane, its so hot that you cant barely breathe. Funny enough this is the second flight I take with Smart Wings and same thing happened on first time, this time is worst because were in the airplane with a lack of oxygen. Is this how you are supposed to treat customers? Worst airline ever I flew with.
 Toronto to Cayo Coco. We flew out of Toronto on Christmas Eve December 24th  2019 destination Cayo Coco. Our flight was excellent. The flight staff were humorous and engaging. Provided exceptional service. Considering it was Christmas Eve and Im sure there were a million other places the staff would have preferred to have been than working, they maintained upbeat attitudes and made our flight to Cuba a wonderful experience.
Johannesburg  Maun Economy Clas BAe146. On arrival at the airport we engaged the services of a porter. We had 2 rucksacks and 2 camera bags. I paid him around ZAR30 USD4 and it was well worth it. As we had bought goods in Johannesburg and wanted to claim back tax I told the porter and he zipped us off to a Customs Counter that had no queue we passed others that had at least 7 people waiting in line. We cleared Customs in no time check in was fast immigration and security had short queues and it took around 15 minutes to get the VAT refund processed. The aircraft was a BAe146  load was around 30 so we had 3 seats to ourselves. We were served a drink and a very small sweet roll. Maun airport is a small building with 1 immigration line and a bench where your bags get delivered to. Customs a breeze.
Royal Jordanian had decided to change my flight last minute to one that is 6 hours earlier! I have a booking from Royal Jordanian airlines for a 12 hours layover. They suddenly put me on an earlier flight cutting short my layover to 5h 50 minutes which was ridiculous as I had paid extra for the longer layover and had plans to see the city otherwise I would have never fly through Jordan or take their airlines. In any case, they do not want to provide any refund and I find it absoutely ridiclous that I essentially paid $200 more and spent 6 hours more just because of some stupid last minute change and they didnt even offered any reasons or compensation. ridiculous service, avoid at all cost
  Toronto to Reykjavik. Worst airline ever. we had previously paid for our checked bag and carry oms prior to and when arriving at the check in gate the lady at the desk continues to try and charge us for uneccesary things. At one point she said we had to pay for our carry ons making us shove things in our luggage and pay an extra 75$ stating we had no choice and that if we didnt pay we would not be getting on our flight even after we showed her our papers. We have documents stating that we had paid for everything yet we were double charged. And because she made us stuff our bags in our checked luggage we had to buy extra things at the airport. 
  Avelos customer service is terrible. Hold times greater than an hour. Our plane had a technical issue, which can happen, but we were left in the dark relative to what was going on. Very poor communication. Our departure time was supposed to be 630 pm and we ended up leaving at 130 am. Apparently the needed plane repair parts were in New Haven so they flew a plane to Charleston with the parts and took us back to New Haven on the return flight. If that wasnt the case Im not sure what we would have done. The airport closed at 430 am. There was no guidance from Avelo. They need to do better!
 Worst flight experience. Starting from the start of the journey from the baggage drop, I was asked to pay extra and yet wasnt informed that I would have to pay extra for my cabin bags. Later, at the boarding I was asked to pay extra and then wasnt even given an answer when I questioned about the same. Also, the lady at the counter was extremely misbehaved and didnt talk or attend us well. She was more and more concern about the money being paid, and once we were quoted a specific amount to pay she all of a sudden increased the charges. Its extremely disrespectful of her and a complete shame on the airlines how they treat their passengers. Are bags were very well going to fit in the required measurements. But still we ended up paying 106€ because no one was INTERESTED in listening and resolving the concern.
 Vueling lost 2 of our 3 suitcases. They were unresponsive and when replied had no information. How you can lose 2 suitcases on a hour short hop flight is unbelievable. My son was traveling to a an international volleyball completion and they lost all of his sports gear. My wife and I were taking a 4 week touring break around Spain and Portugal to celebrate my retirement. They lost all of her belongings on day one. Still heard nothing. Cant claim anything until 21 days have passed. This airline is a joke. Choose an alternative. 
  Sorong to Makassar. This month, I flew four times with this airline and and all four times we started late. The delay was on average one hour. The flights are outdated and the food was not good either.
  Terrible experience with this airline. Beware! Our tickets got placed on hold due to OmicronCovid. The airline refused to refund and are basically requesting the same amount of which I already paid to use the tickets. So they want me to pay double the price per tickets. Customer care is unhelpful and full of excuses just to take clients money.
  Prague to Paris. Shocking service! This airline use to be good and became to be unbearable! I booked a flight and later added a checked in suitcase, paid with credit card and received confirmation Email from Czech Airlines. During check in, I was told I didnt pay for my suitcase and have I to pay on the spot. Ive presented the confirmation email I had, but it didnt seem to change anything. The demand was that I will pay €45 rather than €25 online. I refused to accept that and was sent to Czech Airlines ticket office which mend by external company, has no right to change anything and has no supervisor. They did nothing to resolve the issue. They said I will have to pay to board the flight and I can contact service to claim refund later. I was left with no choice, but to pay the €45. Sure enough, I wrote to the airline immediately, but no reply received. Another issue is when you buy Czech Airlines ticket, you assumes you will fly with standard airline company but this is wrong! You buying standard but the operator is Smartwing which is Low cost airline with shocking service. I use to fly 6 times a year or more with them but Im done! NEVER AGAIN!
  Ft Lauderdale to Guayaquil. First time flying with TAME. Our flight was delayed an hour. Upon landing in Guayaquil for my two week vacation, TAME informed me they had left my one suitcase with all of my things in it in Ft. Lauderdale due to the other passengers having too much luggage. Other people got to bring 7 and 8 huge suitcases, but my 30 lb tiny suitcase with everything I needed in it to enjoy my vacation was left behind. They said I could spend $100 on things I needed to replace from my bag and they would reimburse me as long as I kept my receipts and uploaded them to the customer complaint form online. I spent $100 on clothes and toiletries to last me until my suitcase would arrive two days later clothing is expensive in Ecuador. At the end of my two week trip, when I got access to a scanner and wifi to upload my receipts, they told me I was supposed to submit the receipts before my suitcase arrived 48 hours later?  Now they will not contact me back and I never got my money back for their mistak even though they said they would reimburse me.
  Tamale to Accra. Good onboard service, juice snack and a meat pastry. Thing that let it down was pre flight experience. Their online card payment system for the flight never works. It charged me twice for my flight and their customer service call centre is so shocking that after one month of trying they didnt refund. Had to do a charge back through my card. They then cancelled my booking although I had still paid. They didnt tell me they had cancelled it. I luckily checked my booking 2 hours before the flight.
Flew Frankfurt to Windhoek on 1.11.12 and return on 11.11.12. Outward journey a little delayed due to mandatory inspection return journey on time. Big comfortable Airbus 340 food quite pleasant and flight attendants efficient if a little unsmiling. Entertainment not much good but no problem on a night flight.
  Guatemala to Flores. Do yourself a favor and fly Avianca. The last time I flew Tag I told myself I would never do it again because of the terrible customer service and sup par safety. I should have stuck to my gut and not chosen TAG for this last minute trip but I did, and nothing has changed. Same terrible customer service, and they wont give you a factura for flight payment which is illegal. And even though my reservation said my first bag and 1 carry on was free, they charged me at the checkin, and said to take it up with the company I did my reservation with. They also charged more than the listed baggage fee online for the weight I was carrying.
  The customer service is horrible. Any mistakes you make during booking, they wont able to change and require cancellation of booking. When that happen, they only partially refund your money. If you dont checkin within 1 hour of departure at the counter you wont able to fly.  The plane are small and they charge you on every single things including a plastic cup. And they picky about your carryon weight. Overall, you think you save money by going cheap then its actually the opposite. You will spend a lot more money if you are late to the checkin. Or if you mess up the flight date. This is based on my experienced. Because those events above mention did happen to me. I was 5 mins late to checkin even when the plane departure is in 1 hour. They wouldnt checkin us in. 
  First time flying with Air Malta from Frankfurt to Malta and Malta to Berlin TXL using their old A320 and A319. I would say, this airline is worse than lowcost airlines serving the same route. My both flights delayed about 20 minutes. Nevertheless they arrived intime as scheduled. What I have paid for the ticket was not equal to the service which I got. Drinks and snacks for the economy passengers are for a fee. The seats were dirty. I assume as their Airbus was a lease plane. Hence, I would not recommend this airline to fly to Malta. Better to have a stopover but good services.
New York to Guayaquil with Tame. They only have one plane for this route. The same plane you take going is the same one that returns every day. The seats are old and dirty. Some have tears on the seat cushions. When you sit on them you feel the frame hitting your back. It looks decent on the outside but the inside is poor. The entertainment system does not work. They did not serve food for 3 hrs. We had taken food for our 7 year old daughter but did not bring a fork. when I asked for a fork I was told they could not give me one because it would render another passengers tray incomplete. All the trays were accounted for already and they had the exact number for all. The flight attendants are not very friendly. You are better off taking LAN. You get what you pay for.
 New York to Tel Aviv via Belgrade. Worst airline I have ever flown with. 2 big delays. No solutions for the people. The only solution is to stay 2 nights in Serbia. Shame. Ruined my experience in New York. Will not book this airline ever again
  Puerto Montt to Santiago. The value for money was great. We got cheap tickets but the processes were all very efficient. No long queues, fast checkin and very friendly staff.
  We started our day with a delayed flight from Milan through AC due to a technical issue. This had us sprinting through the Montreal airport to get through customs and to our gate in time for our connection flight also through AC. We arrived just in time for boarding  phew! Just kidding because after we boarded the plane, the pilot made an announcement that we all needed to deplane due to another technical issue. After deplaning, there was no inperson communication at all. The woman at the gate provided no apology or information whatsoever. We just received several emails saying we were delayed again and again. We ended up leaving more than 2.5 hours late, and we were again harassed by the same woman checking us in she actually took my boyfriends passport and wouldnt give it back to him because hed removed his gate check tag thinking hed receive a new one since our plane and gate had changed.  She was just too annoyed and lazy to simply print out a new one. Terrible customer service. Not to mention we payed more than $1800 RT for these flights, and the quality of service and their planes were subpar. Will not be flying this airline again even though Im an Aeroplan member nor will I be recommending to friends.
  Yogyakarta to Singapore. Flight was on schedule. Most of service on board are good, with enough food and beverages. In flight entertainment has to use own mobile phone, but we have to download the application before on board, because no internet connection on board to download the application by apple store or google play. Airlines need to give more advance information about it before boarding. WiFi on board is only for the in flight entertainment but no internet connection.
Paris Orly to SaintDenis, Reunion with Corsair. Very disappointing lounge at Orly Airport, poor food, only bread and cheese and nothing refilled. Plenty of champagne and wines etc. The worst was the very dirty carpets. This didnt look good for our first Corsair flight. The flight itself was excellent, with lovely food and drink and very attentive staff. Looking forward to return journey on 21st November.
  First time flying with this airline with my family for a trip to Tokyo and back to Manila. Have to say, economy service here is better than some business class in other airlines. Tasty Japanese food, not sure if they have other menus for other routes Very polite, trained, patient and efficient crew with little to no language barrier. Seats had pretty good space with good inflight entertainment from the regular movies, episode of series but they also have current news, sports and my favorite touch, helpful howto act, culture videos for Japan I am trying to think any negative or inconvenience and there was really none for these flights. I guess ground crew wise, there was a couple of gate switches but when I approached the ground crew they directed me promptly. Maybe they can just improve on letting the other passengers waiting know instead of waiting for people to come to them but no worries. Overall, best airline Ive tried so far.
A subsidiary of Alaska Airlines. Ive flown them many times into Billings MT from both Seattle and Portland OR. I had one bad experience where the early morning flight I was on was canceled because of crew problems. I was not able to get out until late that night on a flight that was 2 hours late. I received a $10.00 meal ticket and that was about it. All other times the flights have been good. On the last one in October 2007 beer and wine from Oregon was complimentary and the flight staff were friendly informative and entertaining. I will continue to use them.
  Bahrain to Kuala Lumpur via Muscat, this is the 2nd time my luggage is delayed, really causing a lot of lost time. Overall the flight is good, but the connection is very tight, no much for passenger to choose.
Jersey to Southampton was OK but the return non trip five days later was a nightmare. Arrived at airport to find flight cancelled having received no prior warning. Spent an hour waiting to be transferred to Fly BE s flight on the following morning. No Blue Islands representative at Southampton airport to advise what the problem was but heard from several people that this happens quite often with their Jetstream aircraft. Will never fly Blue Islands again.
 Tianjin to Changsha and a great experience flying with Tianjin Airlines. Check in was fast and smooth. Crew onboard was pleasant and friendly. The flight was about 2 hours but was diverted to XIY due to the deicing system was faulty. After the plane landed in XIY I received a message stating that the plane to take off for CSX is scheduled again at 12.30PM which meant an 1.5 hour wait. Down side of the airline was no complimentary food and water was served on the ground. At about 1PM the plane took off again for CSX. Although the experience was not what anyone expected the crew and the airline had done their best in giving the earliest possible take off time. As what I noticed that they had changed the aircraft for the XIYCSX leg.
 Worst experience on an airline, The flights were delayed due to  engineering work or late arrival on a previous flight. Cabin was too warm for the journey and my food was mediocre.
 Upon family boarding my daughter and I sat in the first 2 rows of the aircraft, we boarded the plane early. I put both our carry ons above us. I was soon interrupted by an unhelpful, nasty flight attendant stating you need to get you bag up or I have to check it. I quickly got my bag in and it fit fine, the woman watched me struggle with no help. Then after the plane had fully been boarded someone boarded the plane that also wanted their carry on to fit, my bag was then removed and placed further in back to place their bag where mine was. After drinks were served my daughter and I werent able to finish our drinks as a different flight attendant wanted to take our garbage and said we werent allowed to finish our drinks. When we were leaving the plane I asked the flight attendant where my bag was and I was told they didnt know, and now I we had to wait until the entire aircraft unboarded so I could get my bag. Once I was able to locate my bag it was in the exact position it originally was in but further back in the aircraft. My daughter and I were treated very poorly as we exited the aircraft by the flight attendant with a snarky, condescending tone have a nice day. Not sure how I feel about flying Southwest anymore with my family. We spent a lot of money on tickets and if we boarded early our bags should have had priority over the late comers and we should have been able to finish our drinks, and throw the garbage out when ready.
 Eugene to Burbank. This was without a doubt the worst airline experience Ive ever had. Avelo cancelled our flight from Eugene, OR to Burbank, CA without any type of heads up. We found out when we got to the airport. They said the next flight out would be two days later, which was so frustrating because we all have lives and jobs to get to and not everyone can wait around an extra two days. We ended up spending an extra $500 for last minute tickets from Portland to Burbank via Southwest Airlines which was a much better experience!!, not to mention the $100 it cost to get a shuttle from Eugene to Portland 2 hours away. I have yet to get a refund from Avelo for this flight, and customer service is impossible to reach. Needless to say, I will never fly with Avelo again and advise that travelers look elsewhere. Avelo also claims to have lower prices, but once all the fees and additional things are added, you really arent saving much money.
I booked my flight in March for about $120 per person for a flight from Nice to Prague for July. Suddenly and without warning or my authorization or permission Smart Wings notifies Expedia they have canceled my reservation. I checked Expedia and Smart Wings websites and the same flight was still available. I spoke with Smart Wings emailed them and the only response they gave me was that Expedia should refund my flights and I should rebook the flight at a much higher price that was now available. Expedia didnt help me much either but just told me that I should do what the airline suggested.
As Germanwings is the LowCost carrier of Lufthansa it is of course better not to choose them for flights longer than 3hrs. I bought a ticket for EUR 150  DUSPMIDUS smart tariff and was very satisfied with the service. Very friendly staff and for a 2hr flight spacious seats. With smart tariff you have 1 x luggage and 1 x meal included. The snack is ok. Nothing special.
  Worst airline ever. I flew with them a few times and every time they were delayed, and  I wouldnt not recommend this airline. Bathroom are so dirty.
  Casablanca to Muscat. I was impressed with everything about Oman Air. This was our third flight after our two legs going to Europe and this the first returning home to Australia. The service was excellent on all legs and the food was some of the best airline food I have had. The business class seat is all you could want and I managed 5 hours sleep. There was a great selection of wine and other beverages. 
  Riga to Oslo. Terrible service! All passengers checked and charged 60 euro for overweight, even if only 1kg, jackets, pocket contents and the book in your hand included. Passengers that took their clothes on accused by the company representative for being childish. If checking in less than one hour before departure you get charged 35 extra euros.
  Just finished a round trip LAX  Qingdao  xiamen  Taipei. The return trip didnt involve Qingdao. I picked this airline because it was cheaper than China and Eva air. There were actually even cheaper fares with Air China and China eastern but I refuse to fly with them due to the horrendous reviews. 787 for the Long haul were nice. Planes were fairly new. Good amount of pitch. Movie selections were limited but adequate. Food was terrible for our taste. The kids meal for my 11 year old was also mostly inedible. Service was great however. Flight attendants had great attitude and seemed to be working nonstop. 737 between Xiamen and Taipei was old and dirty. Dont understand why they would also offer a meal for such a short flight. I hate wasting food but couldnt eat that one either. Transit at Qingdao was confusing. We were given the wrong arrival cards twice so had to rewrite them 3 times. Transit hotel in Xiamen was free for our 8 hour layover. Hotel was not in good shape. I would rate it 2.5 star. On our return trip, we took the hotel option again and asked if we could pay extra for a better hotel. He said no and insisted to give us 3 rooms for the 5 of us. Then he entered in one of the names wrong on the reservation. I now have some personal information of some guy named Dustin. The hotel this time is a different. Not as bad, maybe a 3.5 star. But both hotels didnt have nonsmoking rooms. I overheard another guest requesting a nonsmoking room and was rudely told to come back down and ask for another room she didnt like the room. We dont think well fly Xiamen again. Layover in Xiamen would be nice if the city had much to offer. 
  I came from Japan and had a transit connection in Singapore, this was my first flight with Silk Air. As much as I looking forward to it, I have a less expectation on it, and it turned out okay. If I could choose my connecting flight, I would rather stay with SQ to Bali. The plane was rather old and dull, and the seat wasnt look inviting. There was no inflight entertainment and luckily just around 3 hours flight, they provided the newspaper and wifi connection just doesnt work. The breakfast was a delight and I wouldnt speak higher for the experience.
  When I enter the airport, Spicejet person asked me whether I am having a printed boarding pass or not. I said that I am having the printed boarding pass and its in my mobile, then he asked me to go the luggage dropping counter. The staff who was on the desk checked the weight of the luggage and asked me to screen the luggage and drop it in luggage belt. I said its only hand luggage so I asked him to allow to carry with me. I also told him that I have travelled from Mumbai with same Hand luggage before two days. But he rudely asked me put in the luggage as the weight of the luggage is 8kgs. I requested him as I am having a connecting flight to Bhubaneswar so plz allow as it is just 1kg above the limit. But his behaviour was not at all satisfactory. I am posting this at 130pm sitting at boarding gate. Boarding is scheduled at 1255pm and Boarding is not started.
 Clark to Darwin via Singapore. First flight delayed 2h. The crew knew at Clark Airport that I would not reach the next flight to Darwin and I had separate tickets with the same company. Not a single word from staff. At Singapore transfer terminal they refused to give my boarding pass Singapore to Darwin as I needed to clear immigration at Singapore. Carry on 7kg only and do not understand as I am in the transit zone and traveling with an Australian passport. Made it to Darwin flight, excellent customer service from staff. Jetstar never again  scammers that do not care about costumers.
  Truly the worst airline I have used and I have used plenty of bad ones but this was by far the worst experience I have had in all my years of flying. We were at the airport since 930am as we were meant to fly at 1130am. Just after going through security we were told there was a 1hr delay on the flight tracker. By 3pm we were still waiting with no updates or anything only the flight tracker. Finally the plane lands around 330pm and we were able to speak with someone but we were told no flight till 10pm now so have to leave security area. We waited etc 10pm comes and goes now flight saying is delayed till 1am. At about 11pm 1 person comes and tells us flight is now canceled due to staff having finished their flight hours. They made us wait all morning, evening and part o the night before we were told flight was cancelled. I was calling customer service as there were no easyjet representatives, they had no clue what was happening, when we finally spoke to someone at the airport they didnt have a clue either if were even were going to fly the next day or anything. No communication with passengers, no proper updates on what was happening. They had 1 poor representative trying to sort hotels out for over almost 200 passengers. It was just a complete shambles and an utter mess. Will never in my life be flying with such an incompetent airline.
Aircalin NOUSYD and it was a very pleasant flight. Checkin staff was friendly and helpful. The meal provided for this early morning flight was very good and plentiful. Got an omelette with sausages French bread croissant brioche fresh fruit yoghurt cheese tea and coffee. There was also a second round of warm bread and drinks. The cabin crew was very pleasant and smiling. The plane was their 737300 and it was a bit run down but Aircalin is replacing the aircraft with a brand new A320 in January. Well done Aircalin you are doing New Caledonia proud.
  Singapore to Yangon. A comfortable flight but crew not friendly. There are 4 cabin crew, 1 purser and 3 1 male and 2 female Only one are friendly other 3 including purser are not friendly and they look angry I dont know what wrong with them. Although I greet the Purser when boarding the aircraft she just say hello and no smile and so different form the one I flown from Yangon to Singapore. The only one friendly is so helpful and she explain me kindly about the duty free objects and I requested her for a money exchange she also helped me with that. What a nice crew and very thankful to you for making a great flight. She is very smart can speak 3 languages.
  I was connecting from Lusaka to New York from Kenya I got off the plane I checked the board it said gate 16 for JFK New York so I sat there waiting for the boarding call . The flight for New York was supposed to departure at 1135 I sat there for almost an hour with no boarding call. I asked one of the employees there what time the flight for New York was leaving she gave a vague answer than around 1140 or so they was a last boarding call. The Gate was charged to gate 19 I almost missed my flight and than I had to run to the Gate. I had a very bad experience and I dont think I will fly Kenya Airways again very disappointed.
  Flew on Garuda Indonesia on GA 88 from Jakarta to Amsterdam. I was picked up at my home by a car provided by Garuda Indonesia. When I arrived at the airport the Garuda ground staff were waiting to assist me with checkin and then escorted me through security and immigration and into the FirstClass Lounge where snacks were provided. With the help of Garuda ground support team, the check in process was fast and efficient. When it came time to boarding, I was escorted to the plane and was allowed to directly board the aircraft. The Garuda Cabin crew were on hand to welcome me onboard with the warm Garuda Indonesian smile After takeoff I chose to have some sleep, however when I woke up the chef presented the menu for snacks or a full meal. The choice of meals was excellent. I would like to thank the cabin staff Dini, Andry, Dian, and Chef Didik for their infight service throughout the flight. They were amazing and ever attentive and were on hand throughout the flight. Upon arrival in Amsterdam, I was meet at the gate by the VIP Service team and taken by car to the VIP lounge. I would rate the overall door to door service as outstanding
  Melbourne to Kuala Lumpur. I request for an aisle seat in the middle row. They say it is a full flight and I need to pay for an aisle seat in the quiet zone. I found out there were empty seats on this flight. I feel cheated.
  Flight from Kuwait to Bahrain was smooth. No particular problems to report as its only a 1h flight. Now comes the Bahrain to Bangkok leg. Flight was on time but pillows were missing on the seat. Service was a real mess. Food arrived 2 hours into the flight, unorganized FAs, drinks followed an hour after food. It seemed that the FAs didnt have any training. There were only 4 FAs for the whole economy cabin. Serious lack of organisation. Maybe thats why the ticket was cheap. Cheap tickets equals cheap service.
Flew Newcastle to Birmingham with Eastern Airways for the first time today, and found the flight comfortable and flight attendant polite, courteous and professional. The plane was loud but thats to be expected for a small plane. I would definitely recommend and fly again with them.
  RenoVegas. As usual flying Southwest out of Reno is a breeze. Checkin using self service kiosk was effortless as was bag drop. We were the only passengers checking in and it was an hour before the flight. TSA was empty so went right on through in no time at all. Arrived at gate and grabbed a bite to eat and then boarded the plane. Full flight, usual beverage and snack while in the air. Free wifi worked fine but since its only an hour flight not really time to get too involved with the movies and shows offered. Arrived in Vegas and luggage was coming off the belt as we arrived at the carousel. Ground staff and cabin crew all did their jobs and made for a pleasant trip. No complaints.
I have flown with US Airways several times and each experience has been a nightmare! Every trip has had a flight delay by an hour or more. Customer service is always rude and no one cares to help you or help make your travels easier! I try to avoid flying with them as much as possible unless I know I have no choice. I recently traveled to PHX from Charlotte and they delayed my flight for over an hour because of a Maintenance issue. Its a nightmare and I will no longer choose to travel with US. Horrible service and constant delays!
  Phnom Penh to Yangon via Bangkok. The checkin was easy with friendly staff. The cabin crew was very friendly and efficient. Passengers were offered proper warm meals during the both short segments of the journey. The aircraft cabins were well maintained. A great airline to fly with.
  What can I say about the appalling treatment we received. We arrived at the airport in plenty of time to find that the flight was delayed by an hour. We were due to fly to Dublin at 10 so were loaded on the plane for an 11 flight not to much of a problem. We took our seats to be informed that there was a delay due to defrosting the aircraft, first off told 30 mins, then we were next in the queue, then told we were waiting for air traffic then told again waiting for defrosting, this went on for an hour and a half then they unloaded some passengers who were fed up with the delay and lies. We were then told we would be going soon. Asked if there was any chance of a drink and told they didnt have any then told I could have a bottle of water but it would cost me to which I laughed. We had a connection to Rome at 15.30 hrs we were told that they had contacted Aer Lingus to inform them we were on our way we then took off at 13.45 on arrival at Dublin we had missed our connecting flight and Aer Lingus knew nothing of this and were informed by the very helpful Ryanair desk it was nothing to do with them. It was the worst customer service I have ever received. I will never fly with this awful airline again
 Papeete to Los Angeles. We left for Polynesia just before Covid19 blocked North America. Our flight had more than 150 empty seats. The plane was very clean, very welcoming, very colourful and the service on board was impeccable! But the 5 stars is especially justified with our return flight. We had to return to Canada long before our planned return and having bought our tickets through an agency, it was up to them to make the changes. It goes without saying that the agency was completely overwhelmed and therefore unreachable and of no help! So we called ATN and spoke to 3 different people, all 3 were kind, patient and helpful than the others! In the end, we were able to dodge our agency and modify our tickets free of charge, for the same evening. In these times of crisis, even the staff at checkin and onboard were very welcoming and helpful. Congratulations to the entire ATN team and thank you for your quick and efficient service! 
  Absolutely pathetic experience, nowhere close to what I heard about Lufthansa. Cabin crew was not approachable or friendly, almost felt like they have been sent to do their jobs on gunpoint. Ran out of food options too quick and what we got was inedible by any standards. Seats were very hard and uncomfortable, pillow case and blankets were very dirty. Tray table was not cleaned. Worst of all, no headphones were provided on a 10 hour flight nor was the WiFi working. Absolutely the worst experience on any airliners flown so far.
  Toronto to Orlando. We had a bad experience on our previous AC flight back in April 2019. We paid extra to have bulkhead seats on our flight to Orlando. Gate agent came up to us after we were seated and demanded that I vacate the seat I paid for to allow a teen with a broken leg to sit on the bulkhead aisle. Didnt even ask. He said one of us had to move. Rude and condescending was what I got for refusing to do so, and a warning that I could be removed from the flight with MY attitude. Fast forward Jan 2020, and again I find myself on an AC Rouge flight. The attendants are snappy and rude when I ask for water before the aircraft begins to taxi. Rude is what I got when an attendant took my back pack out of the overhead bin to allow a late arrivals small suitcase to be put in its place. Now I have to sit with my back pack at fit, on a tiny seat, with tiny leg room, because the late womens suitcase is bigger. Never again wil I fly Air Canada. I will happily pay extra to fly a better airline, or fly out of Buffalo. BTW, Im still waiting for my water.
Kansai to Noumea on Aircalin. Boarding was long  we were called to queue and than we were standing 15 minutes before gate opened. Onboard service was perfect. Food was good. If you want to sleep, the seat is not flat but was acceptable.
  Siem Reap to Bangkok. The checkin counter Staff is Nice. Everything is great I was surprised by the legroom of Thai Air Asia. The legroom is so spacious, more spacious than other Air Asia aircraft. And Thai Air Asia is the most spacious Legroom on lowcost airlines I ever tried. The cabin crew is nice. Another ontime flight.
Travelled from Birmingham airport to Amritsar airport via Ashgabat. Plane looks a bit dated staff are very nice and they gave us food which tasted beyond satisfactory. The seats were comfortable and I was impressed with the leg room. Flight was comfortable but never ending due to lack of entertainment inflight. I strongly advise you to take a laptop or tablet with you as the flight is long and never ending especially the journey from Birmingham to Ashgabat. Ashgabat airport is lovely and gives you a chance to stretch your legs. There is a bar in Ashgabat airport which provides western food and alcohol. Overall Im impressed with the airline as the fares are relatively cheap and you get where you want to on time and hasslefree. They just need to sort out the entertainment at least show the maps like they used to. I recommend this airline to everyone.
  Toronto to Keflavik. It supposed to be cheap but they charge for every single thing. It turned out to be very expensive. I dont recommend. Called support due to an issue and they did nothing. Horrible customer service. I had to call many times to get something back. We ended up paying more than any other airline.
  Had a direct flight from Ibiza to Paris on the 25 September 2021. I had an EU recovery covid certificate  green pass which was not accepted on the registration desk. The agent refused to check me in, she behaved rudely and told me that I cant take a flight. She didnt have a scan but she decided that I needed to make a test. The manager told me the same, they demanded me to take a test at the airport. They told me I need to have a negative test to be considered as recovered. They refused to listen my explanations that I dont need a test as I have a recovery certificate. I told them that I already sent all the documents on the Vueling website  it is obligatory to send the green pass a day before a trip to be able to get on board, my documents were cheked and I got the mail that I can check in, they didnt check this information. They told me to go away and that I cant fly without a test. I left, 15 min later they discovered that they were wrong and checked me in. The registration agent never apologised when I asked her about it. Instead of that they were rude and harassed me. 
  Athens to Johannesburg via Cairo. When flying with Egyptair one has to be aware that no alcohol is served on board. This can be a damper for some. It wasnt a major inconvenience for me. Its fleet is dated and their entertainment system is not up to date with the latest movies. However they have improved by leaps and bounds. The Manager at the Athens Airport was very helpful and accommodating. On board flight attendants were polite, friendly and helpful on all my sectors. In flight meals have improved tremendously and my starter entre from Cairo onwards definitely could compete with the likes of Emirates. A very pleasant relaxing trip. Price wise cheaper than their competitors. Yes I will most definitely fly them again.
 I had a fine experience with Batik Air when going to Labuan Bajo, the landing wasnt the best but it was okay. When finishing are weekend and going to the airport on Sunday evening was it our surprised to see that are flight was cancelled. I got no mail or message from them telling me that my flight was cancelled. I can confirm that they had my Indonesian number and email address since they send my on both a message to confirm my flight and check in time on Thursday. So they had all my information, but now they are telling me that they have another number and email address which is why I got no information. I get no compensation or no help to find a hotel around. Their system was wrong by sending the mail and message to the wrong message but they are making me believe that it is mine. Dont trust Batik Air and always check your flight because they easily cancelled their flight!
  For the entire flight GF 270, the front half of the flight was extremely hot. Through the AC vents hot air was blowing. When we told this to the flight attendant, he refused to accept that there was any temperature change. People were fanning themselves with paper and the instruction pamphlet. When I brought this to his notice, he said that they are all people with high blood pressure. Such horrible attitude while people were feeling suffocated in that heat!
 Airline moved the flight schedule and then promised overnight hotel due to the 1 day layover. Then they lied about providing accommodation and left us in the airport in the middle of the night. The airline website does not allow you to get any refunds as it goes in a loop. This is an airline with no customer service and has staff that do not care. Never going to fly them again.
Worst travel experience ever with Cubana Airlines . Our 700am flight from Havana to Mexico City was cancelled at the last minute. After a 4 hour wait we were bused to an absolute dump of a hotel. At 8pm we were bused back to the airport where we waited for 3 hours before we were finally checked in, went through security and waited at the gate. At 300am we were told we were not going to fly and had to go back to the hotel. After another delay we got our luggage back and were bused back to a different but at least better hotel. Now it is 500am the next day. At 800pm now 37 hours after the original departure time we were bused back to the airport. We checked in and this time we actually boarded the plane and took off around 1100pm, 40 hours after the original departure time. Once we landed my travel partner and 3 other customers were missing their luggage. During the delay we were provided one meal each day and one bottle of water at one of the hotels thats it, no kidding. Never again will I fly Cubana Airlines.
  Colombo to London connecting with Air Canada to Calgary via Vancouver. Started my Journey by Srilankan Airlines from Bangalore Airport. At Bangalore Airport My luggage weighed 24 and 24.5 kgs but they made me remove my stuff from One box to another and said it will go in heavy baggage and they charged me USD 75.00. And when I asked them why they are doing like this. the lady at the Airport said it is the rule you cannot carry any excess baggage. Even the guy supervisor was telling them charge from her USD 75.00. I understand they have to follow rules , but when they put the baggage tag , they put it at London final destination even though it should have been Calgary. This is how they work. When I told her please see to it , put the tag correctly, she told me, we will do it correctly. Reached Colombo. Flight to London was cancelled to 5hrs. Staff at Colombo Airport was also not very cooperative, when they issued the boarding pass for the next flight to London, then London Vancouver and VancouverCalgary. Got into the flight , there again the flight was delayed for 112 hour, when I told the crew, I will miss the flight they said they have a unknown baggage, and the owner is not there and for security reason they are removing it. And the funny part is I was in the flight and they did not load my luggage.At Colombo Airport the the luggage tag was for London and the staff at counter was telling me to pick up my luggage at Vancouver. When I told the crew member I will miss my connecting flight, they told me, you just tell the ground staff and they will wait for you. Anyway I missed all the connecting flight. My baggage lost. It was a worst experience I had with Srilankan Airlines.
  Before my trip to Vietnam, I booked with KLM, first put on standby for the flight to Paris, then also put on standby for Ho Chi Minh, then to Hanoi I was not on the passenger list. The flight I was supposed to have was now full. A ticket is no guarantee to actually fly! What makes it worse its business as usual, so as a passenger you just have to deal with it. Employees were disinterested and even completely unwilling to help at Schiphol. Was stunned that KLMs service level had dropped to this level. Finally got in touch with customer service apologies and the message that I did arrive at destination so thats why they dont apply compensation. They also indicated that it was normal that a flight was overbooked and that you could be placed on standby. Wanted to speak to a manager, but they said they would close the case and stop responding to my emails. Horrible start to the holiday and cringeworthy service. Ben voor mijn reis naar Vietnam geboekt bij KLM eerst standby gezet voor de vlucht naar Parijs, vervolgens ook standby gezet voor Ho Chi Minh, daarna naar Hanoi stond ik niet op de passagierslijst. De vlucht die ik moest hebben zat inmiddels vol. Een ticket is geen garantie om daadwerkelijk te gaan vliegen!! Wat het erger maakt het is de gewone gang van zaken, dus je hebt het er als passagier maar mee te doen. Medewerkers waren ongenteresseerd en op Schiphol zelfs totaal niet bereid te helpen. Was verbluft dat het serviceniveau van KLM naar dit niveau was gedaald. Uiteindelijk contact gehad met de klantenservice excuses en de boodschap dat ik wel op bestemming was aangekomen dus daarom hanteren ze geen compensatie. Ook gaven ze nog aan dat het normaal was dat een vlucht overbooked was en je standby geplaatst kon worden. Wilde een manager spreken, maar ze gaven aan de case te sluiten en niet meer op mijn mails te reageren. Afschuwelijke start van de vakantie en tenenkrommende service.
 Melaka to Langkawi. It was my first ride with Malindo, I was carrying my 4 years old youngest niece, at the same time Im also taking care of my mum upon reaching the destination, one of the flight attendants who saw me taking care of both the youngest and the eldest at the same time, immediately he send me the baby stroller that Ive already checked into the cabin before luggage picking up, the little action helped to ease my burden at the point of time. My immediate response, Wow. The excellent and warm hearted service. Thumbs up to the flight attendants Wow and warmth service, that wins the customers heart.
  Cheap flights but they weigh all hand luggage and try to scam you there. $90 USD for 5kg of luggage. They made me go to an ATM and get cash out they dont take card. ATM fee was $5. Never flying with this airline again.
 I would urge significant caution using ITA Airways. Ive flown over a hundred times without incident and every step of my first experience with them this week forced due to a medical emergency on the part of my wife was an unmitigated disaster. The check in agent at Palermo did not know what an indirect flight was. The attendants didnt organise people boarding, sitting or the volume of hand baggage, leading to total chaos at boarding and, ultimately, passengers still standing, holding bags and trading places as the plane taxied for take off. The attendants were still completing the safety announcement as the plane began taking off. When we arrived at Lisbon Portugal after our connecting flight, it became apparent my luggage had not arrived and, when I checked it with the lost luggage team, the representative told me hed never before seen a case where a bag does not even make the first scan. They are useless in every aspect of their service.
The economy seats on such a long flight more than 8hrs are very narrow. I was seating at the emergency row, but this didnt help to achieve some level of comfort. I am only 58kg women with super lean body shape and practically didnt have any space to move. When meals were served I could use my utensils and stand up to eat. Men next to me spilled his drink, as he hit my elbow. I never flew a plane with such narrow seats. Some people were standing most of the flight. It was a torture and it is completely unacceptable.
  Terrible airline. On the first leg of the flight there was a delay because of the planes ac. A bunch of passengers were stood on the bus that was supposed to take us to the plane for an hour, no staff explained what was going on until some of the passengers started banging on the bus windows and at one point tripped the emergency exit to attract attention. Second leg of the flight, boarding was delayed by at least 30mins, again no communication or announcements, bunch of passengers lining up waiting to get on. The staff and the flight itself were nice but that was it. Shame because Emirates handled the first part of the trip before layover HK to Dubai and they were lovely in contrast as always. Just highlighted the sub par nature of flydubai even further
Bham to Amritsar return. The flight was on time. Flight crew were friendly and there was a good level of inflight service in terms of meals however the food was not of a very high quality. We did get some vouchers for food when we stopped over in Tehran both times and I was surprised at the amount of food you get with these vouchers. There is no inflight entertainment apart from a screen showing the flight map. Bham to Tehran does stop for refuelling in Germany but the flight I was on stopped in Turkey. The stopover in Tehran is way too long  34 hours just seems far to long. You get new boarding passes in Tehran and this leads to confusion as you end up sitting all over the plane. There is no point in families getting seating together in Bham or Amritsar becasue when you get to Tehran they just do not care. What Mahan Air lacks is basic customer care and they really need to consider decent inflight entertainment.
Business class July 8th from JFK to Port of Spain. The seats were dirty with crumbs all over. When it came time for the meals no hot towels and the food was horrible and cold like some of the flight attendants. The entertainment was the worst the quality of the picture may as well have been in black and white.
Since the flight from London to Tallinn is 2 to 3 hours not being served a full meal is not such a big problem and you can buy on board snacks at reasonable prices. For what you pay you get pretty good value for money.
Rio to Buenos Aires AEP on 737. Departure delayed by 30min and arrival to AEP slightly behind schedule. Plane in good condition must say that the new livery looks better than the old one. Sandwich and drink offered during flight. Crew fine. AEP is easy to navigate. Luggage priority tagged as FB Elite arrived fairly quickly and first on band. Was dreading flying AR but flight was overall fine. Planning to fly them long haul in C class from Spain in May.
  Worst Airline I ever used. Everything is very cheap. Worst customer service experience! They dont write ordinary bills, so dont use them in any case when flying for business! The customer service simply ignore you, when you have a problem. I have never experienced something similar before. Just terrible! Dont support them and dont fly with them. Some airlines better dont use.
DMEVCE. Service was much better than I expected it to be. Flight took off on time despite snowfall and bad weather crew were friendly 2 drink services and 1 meal service for a 3 hour flight. Meal was delicious. Airplane is clean but lacks IFE. Pillows and blankets are provided. Towels and sweets given before departure. Overall a very good experience with Transaero Airlines and definitely will recommend this airline.
  My family flew to Daegu from Gimpo. From checkin to boarding, service rendered by all staff were efficient and excellent. Cabin was clean and seats were usual economy class comfy. On our return flight from Daegu to Gimpo, we were late due to traffic and could not checkin thru self serve kiosk. We had barely 15 mins prior to flight departure. Approached counter staff for assistance. First thing the staff did was radioed the Captain while processing the checking in and printing of boarding passes. An agent came over to escort and assisted us throughout the procedure to ensure we boarded the plane without further delay. All these were completed within 15 mins and flight departed on time. Our biggest compliment is towards the Captain for both flights. Journey was smooth and landing was perfect which you dont even feel the plane has landed. Flew with many major top 10 airlines in the world but never had this landing experience ever before. Cabin Crew rating, great and comparable to top airlines! Keep it up and will definitely choose and fly Air Busan on all my destinations where served by Air Busan.
  I had a good experience flying with them. I had priority boarding and it works really fine with them. They helped me to do the checkin at the airport. I can say that the seats were not so comfortable and the food on board is really expensive, but taking in consideration their flight prices it was worth flying with them.
  Delightful flight from Moscow to Baku. The ground staff and cabin crew were all smiles and very professional. Excellent food onboard  wonderful selection of cheeses, great salad, superb meat and delicious desert. For the first time in months ate everything served on a plane. Entertainment was good for such a short flight  enjoyed a funny movie and several music channels. The flight was on time, seats comfortable, plane quite new and very clean. All expectations exceeded, hope to fly Azal again.
  Outstanding service. I have travelled from OTP to JFK via CDG and return in business class. A great experience from the lounge, food, beverages to the comfort of the seat. On the return segment JFK CDG I was upgraded in La Premiere due to my Platinum Ultimate status. The onboard service was state of the art. The champagne the best I have ever tasted. The FAs and the pursers attitude and service flow less. Looking forward to my next trip with AF.
  Me and my family had a very bad experience with Interjet. We were going to fly to Mexico but the airline did not let us. They changed our flight and later they also said they were not flying anymore and gave us a voucher to fly in the future. Up until today we have not being able to fly and have been like this for almost a year. The worst part is that once the voucher expires, we will lose our money, Interjet will not be responsible for giving us an extension and they will keep our money.
  Bangkok Don Muang to Chiang Mai, flight booking for 940, instead they changed my flight to 1020, and from CNX to DMK from 1545 again they changed to 1645. These are not the first time. Because last year I bought 5 flights for this year with them, and so far the last 2 flights that I flew with them have not been on time as well. Being a budget airline does not mean you can ignore being on time.
  I had 2 different tickets via Viva Air but all the flights were suspended by the government and I wasnt able to take the flight. They refused refunds. They told me That they were going to give me a voucher and I have to use it until November. But also they gave me deadline to reschedule my flights. It is so funny that I have to rebook again until 30th May. I told them so many times that Im not going to be in the area to use it again. And we dont know how virus will be spread! I will never use this airlines. Be careful before you book your flight. The customer service is terrible.
Flew with Canadian North on two occasions. Found both flights to be very enjoyable. First flight was Edmonton to Norman Wells and the next was Edmonton to Yellowknife. Found check in staff to be friendly and helpful both times. Flight Attendants were very courteous and friendly. No corny jokes unlike Westjet. Meals are also included with the fare. For breakfast it was a hot or cold meal. For dinner on the way home it was pork or chicken with free wine almost unheard of today on domestic economy flights. The airplane was an older 737 but in nice condition and lots of baggage allowance. Would fly with them again and strongly recommend them.
  Cusco to Lima. Worst airline ever. Before we even arrived in Peru they changed our flights twice, as much as a day so our whole tour was effected. Today our flight was cancelled and only option given was later tonight so we missed our connection to Iquitos which affects our Iquitos hotel Booking and Amazon tour. They offered free lunch and hotel. The hotel we couldnt arrange until lining up in Lima airport al over again. Zero information. We have had to book another airline for 6 people so we can make our Amazon tour. Absolutely furious! 
Flight SE0056 and SE0077 What an exciting experience. If you are into Buddhism and things such as just sitting there and letting the time pass a XL Airways France flight will just be the very experience you have been waiting for all your life. There was a 3.5 hour delay on my flight from Paris to Cancun which could only be topped by a 4 hour delay on the way back. I have been offered a 15 USD meal voucher on the way back but not on the way out. My seat was broken. On the way out the plane could not depart because of a technical problems and an ongoing inspection which built up my confidence in the French authorities but not in the airline. The staff were friendly and made considerable efforts to make the trip pleasant. However for what is was the price was completely exaggerated. I have chosen XL Airways France because they offered a direct flight to my destination which I thought would safe me time. I could have had a one stop flight with higher comfort and at lower price operated by Air France. Eventually this would have been the better decision.
  I paid a large amount of money for what is a 6 hour flight from Tokyo to Bangkok. The very least they can do is include food! I should not have to pay extra just to get a meal. Ive been on many flights and every single one includes food if longer than 5 hours. Terrible.
Would have given AirCalin a perfect score, except for the return flight being operated by code share partner Air New Zealand which was simply dreadful. Web checked, bag dropped, boarding a breeze. Welcomed by friendly crew. The lunch service included a separate aperitif service chose the pastis!, followed by a 3 course meal salad, main and dessert full bar service. After lunch was cleared, the crew came through offering duty free and a digestif cognac. Champagne available for purchase. Used my tablet to connect to inflight wifi streaming entertainment as no PTVs fitted on A320 only redeeming feature of Air NZ. Wifi worked perfectly. In summary, AirCalin offer a superb product at a fair price. Just avoid their codeshare flights between Auckland and Noumea.
  Tanjung Karang to Yogyakarta is actually a new route. I was required to fly from Bandung to Yogyakarta, but as an aviation geek, of course I wanted to fly the longest and farthest. I found that an early flight to Tanjung Karang from Bandung is possible to be connected with Sriwijaya Airs flight to Yogyakarta. So I booked it. How was my flight? Departure time was 15.20 LT. But when I arrived at 13.20 LT to secure my favorite seat emergency exit, window, I was told that there would be a delay. I was expected to fly at 17.00 LT. I didnt mind, especially as beside me, there were 150 passengers of Lion Air who were supposed to fly at 08.00 LT to Jakarta but still stranded at the airport. A 1 hour 40 minutes of delay for me was fine. Check in went smoothly. I got my favorite seat. The ground crew gave me snacks for the delay compensation. I boarded first. The flight went okay. The food was nice a cup of water and a slice of cheese bun. Getting my baggage was another story. The conveyor belt was merged with NAM Airs flight from Jakarta. It took 35 minutes for me to grab my luggage. Overall, this new route is promising. 
  Horrible. The departure was scheduled to 8pm. It got delayed to 8h30. At 8h30 noone had opened the gate so we asked and they said that it was opening soon. It opened at 9pm At 9h30 they start the engine. At 9h30 they said it had a problem with the AC and they would give more information once the engineer said something. At 11h30 pm they said that they were going to run tests and say an answer in 15 minutes. 30 minutes later they come and say that they wont be flying. We get out and they said we would receive an email in 15 minutes. Its 2h04 am and we are still at the airport waiting with no signs of email or hotel. Pay the extra for Air Canada, this is not worth it.
  Chennai to Amsterdam via Mumbai. I took Jet airways twice. When I went to India, they did everything possible for me to miss my flight. I was there, standing to checkin for my next flight after almost 2 hours in immigration but when arriving to the counter, the staff told me it was closed already. We had to make a scandal in order for them to provide another flight. It took 12 more hours to get to my destination. No food or a resting place was offered. No help either. On the way back, from Chennai to Mumbai, I was told that Im not entitled for any meal at all since I didnt book it online, although I did. Again, no replacement was suggested, besides purchasing my own meal. What a horrible experience. Never again!
  The usual efficiency of Don Muang Airport. It took me 15 minutes from arrival at airport to the gate. Flight was on time, with friendly crew. Seats are tight, which is ok for a LCC. Overall recommended!
  Boarding the plane was slow compared to other airlines I have flown with. Once inside the aircraft, it obviously became very, very hot since its summer and packed with passengers, but the ac unit blew very soft wind, so soft that it was barely enough to cooldown.  There was a shortage of cabin space for suitcases and bags in so my nephew was forced to had put his suitcase in the cabin space 20 seats in front of him? The staff didnt even politely ask him or even apologize for the inconvenience.  Its either this or you can leave your luggage behind, thats how it felt like. The seats were very small and  were also kind of hard. Luckily the flight was just three hours.
  Flight on time, last minute gate change to one at the periphery of Budapest airport. Lounge too small for so many customers, not comfortable. The service in the airplane itself was excellent, very professional cabin crew, customerorientated, food was delicious. Seat was uncomfortable though normal Economy with empty middle seat. Mixed experience overall.
  Flew London Heathrow to Mauritius. Great service from Air Mauritius, seats ok, inflight entertainment not so good, food ok at best. Travelled from London Heathrow a week before on a 747 when service was again excellent, food really good, inflight entertainment ok but big downside were seats where legroom was poor. I believe 747s are being replaced in next year or so. Service at airport checkin at both airports was very friendly, helpful and efficient. Luggage all arrived. Pricing was competitive. I would use again.
Information if you are travelling with children we are a family of 7 5 adults and 2 children. We always prebooked and paid for our seats to ensure we sit together. Our outward flight to Palma was fine we sat in the seats booked, not so lucky on the way home. We were allocated different seats, 3 in the booked seats 3 moved 3 rows back and to our horror one of the children had been seated across the aisle inbetween two strangers. I queried this at the checkin desk and was advised our seats had been changed by Monarch so we could not sit in the seats we had prebooked and would need to contact them re the change. The most distressing thing about the re seating involved the lack of concern they had for childrens safety as they seated my grandson separate to other members of our family even though there are 5 adults he could have been with. With the cooperation of the other passengers we changed my grandsons seat so he was sat with his brother and a very distressed mother. I emailed them for an explanation as to why our seats were changed and a child separated from the family. Their first reply took 2 week and was a standard business reply with no explanationI then emailed back as I was not happy with the reply and again asked for an explanation. The second reply took 17 days and still they had no explanation as to why the seats were changed as it was not their policy to separate familys. I will never again travel on Monarch with children as I dont consider them a responsible airline.
Recently flew Meridiana to Naples from New York. Could not have been more impressed with the service and timeliness of the flights. Would fly this airline again any time.
 I dont even know where to start. I first received an email the morning of our travel that said the flight would have a two hour delay. Delays happen and usually you plan your trip around short delays. Second email said 3 hour delay. It happens. Leading up to boarding, no further delay notifications were received. No communication at all. The gate agents would not talk to anyone and they werent even present at the desk. Extremely rude anytime someone tried to ask why they wouldnt communicate with passengers. They very clearly didnt work for breeze, they were probably cheap contractors that clearly didnt give a damn about any of us. After hours and hours a gate agent finally announced on the intercom that she would provide an update to concerned travelers within a couple minutes. Hours passed by without any updates. When it was time to board they began a roll call which was very confusing and they gave no information as to why they had to do a roll call. Almost 9 hours late the flight left LAX. People on the plane were having panic attacks and no information was being provided to calm passengers down. People started asking to get off the plane and they were told they couldnt get off even though the cabin was overheating. Finally, once at the destination Breeze just lost all the bags. Waited over an hour for bags. Its not my first time flying and I know things happen but Breeze, by far, handled mistakes worse than any airline I have ever flown. Unacceptable. The pilot even admitted how embarrassed he was and told passengers they should demand refunds but I have a feeling this is not a honorable company. Id love for them to prove me wrong but Im not confident they will. Ill never fly Breeze again.
 Very poor website for checkin. Allowed one passenger for checkin but the other passenger was not allowed. The eticket number is the same. Still a problem. Not a user friendly website. No help from the customer care except telling us to go to the check in desk.
  My complaint is not necessarily with the Airline but more so with the Ground Staff at either OR Tambo or George airports or Both. In the past year I have noticed a lot of Scratches and dents on our luggage.  This even on the Cape Town Flights. We have even gone as far as wrapping them at a hefty price to try and protect them. Wrapping price has jumped rapidly over a short time  Currently R9000 and expecting it to be R10000 soon. On our trip yesterday FA 228 16h05  OR Tambo to Georg  I was horrified at the condition of my and my Wifes suitcases. We specifically purchased more expensive and robust luggage cases to prevent damage. Well to no avail as they were damaged. One can clearly see that the suit cases were carelessly and violently thrown from a distance. Many people are complaining of the same thing. Then there was also the situation of the Airbridge at Gate C 13 at OR Tambo that is out of order. Many old people and ladies with babies had to walk down the stairs onto ground level and back up into the plane. This is very unprofessional for a Major Airport. 
 I booked this Hong Kong Airlines flight to Vancouver from Hong Kong because of its unbelievable low price USD380 return, tax included it was due to the launch of this long haul service. This is the first longhaul route for HX. I took HX flight many times already but never on a long haul one. Honestly, I did worry a lot before the fight. Once I board the plane, I realised there was no TV on the seat. I was totally freak out as I thought I had to spend 14 hours on the plane without any entertainment. There was also no chargers as well. But after the plane took off, flight attendants hand out iPad with preloaded movies and videos to passengers. They are not wonderful but better than nothing. The seats are quite standard economy seats like other airlines. Surprisingly the quality of their food is not bad at all. One thing which makes the airline look very cheap is, they blocked out the whole front row and asked people to pay extra to sit. Even there was no one paid the seats, they left them all empty and put a plate on those seats saying you have to pay to sit there.
 Goa to New Delhi. My flight I5 799 got cancelled at the last moment. Then my ordeal started to reschedule it. The customer service is totally poor. I called 67 times and each person gave a different story. I did a web check in before the flight got cancelled. It took them 8.5 hours to uncheck and they kept me sleepless throughout the night saying give them a call after half an hour so that they can reschedule. They dont have any coordination and they live in a different world isolated from customers. My dream Goa trip ended a nightmare because of this poor, unorganised, stupid care persons of this worst air line. Never ever go with Air Asia!
Although paying for extra legroom seats on this flight, my wife and I were only informed on checkingin, that the Monarch Airlines flight had been subcontracted out to Titan Airways a charter company and being an older type of aircraft, our extra legroom seats were unavailable. The staff at Monarch Airlines desk had no idea why the aircraft had been changed and were extremely unhelpful just producing a preprinted letter by way of explanation. The seats we were allocated on the replacement aircraft were very cramped and the ensuing flight was the most uncomfortable we had ever experienced. Instead of automatically refunding the additional cost of the extra legroom seats, we had to ask the Titan Airways cabin staff for a claim form for Monarch Airlines which they did after two requests. As this was the first day of our honeymoon, I requested compensation for the disappointment and discomfort caused by Monarchs decision to substitute the aircraft and amend our seat allocations without any prior notice. Their response was negative and needless to say we will not be travelling with Monarch Airlines again.
  First leg on an old Boeing 777 with ok seat pitch. Food out of Frankfurt very bad seems to be a problem in eco with many Asian airlines flying out of there. The flight attendant in my sector wasnt very responsive at the beginning of the flight it took 30 mins to get a drink after food was handed out but eventually we warmed up and finally got all I could ask for. After the usual unpleasant transfer in Bangkok their security check is simply a pain, onward flight to Jakarta was far better than the first part of the journey. Wonderful plane new Airbus 350, clean and very attentive crew. Catering much better.
 The entire holidays was booked well in advance, visas included. FZ cancelled not only the flight but the entire destination and they still want to give us a voucher instead of full cash refund. Their Condition of Carriage DOES NOT contemplate the issuance of a voucher in case THEY cancel the entire destination, but only if the passenger cancels because of a change in schedule. There is not even the Covid excuse now. Never seen such an incompetent customer service. Thankfully we didnt book business class as originally planned! Not to mention that the credit card system is down excuse has been used for the past several months and they force you to pay cash only or via direct bank transfer, just to avoid bank charges. If it was a supercheap company I would understand, but this airline is not cheap their customer service is!
  Landed at 1620 Disembarked at 1625. This is the info given to our transport. Then waited until 1720  that is more than 50 minutes for our luggage! We phoned the airport manager. He informed us that Safair chose not to use the airports luggage transport, but their own, which is LPO Agents. There was an official sitting where the luggage was supposed to come out. She did not even look up from her afternoon nap!. Would have been nice if she could have just informed everybody why no luggage was coming? Shockingly bad service! 
  On May 6 flight , I was flying in Business Class from Dublin to Boston. I had expected an exceptional level of service, comfort, and attention to detail. Regrettably, my experience fell far short of these expectations. when I received my meal onboard. To my dismay, I discovered a disturbing bug in one of the dishes. This discovery was not only highly unappetizing but also raised serious concerns about the hygiene and quality control standards. Such a glaring oversight in food preparation is simply unacceptable. What adds insult to injury is the complete lack of acknowledgment or apology from any representative of the airline. I was astounded by the disregard for customer satisfaction and the absence of any effort to rectify the situation or offer an explanation. The absence of an apology or any form of followup after such a distressing incident further compounds my disappointment.
  Never buy tickets with long haul flights being operated by a partner airlines. I was flying to Munich to Hyderabad via Abu Dhabi, the Munich to Abu Dhabi flight operated by Air Berlin. The service provided by Etihad is very bad if you book with their partner airlines. Etihad does not even care, very rude service. Any question asked to Etihad representatives is met by a rude answer ask Air Berlin. I would have if the Air Berlin counters were present at the transfer desk. 
  Birmingham to Dubai, Boeing 777. Hideous aircraft. Noisy and really uncomfortable. However, very good service and delicious food. Emirates are excelling with their food, compared to last year. Dubai to Auckland A380 as good as you will get in economy. Plenty of space, and so quiet in this magnificent aircraft. Service a wee bit patchy. Had a few young, I would say, new staff. However they tried very hard, and everyone has to start somewhere.
  Worst traveling experience ever! First my flight time was changed with no notice whatsoever, second I arrived at the airport 3 hours prior to my flight only to be told that I didnt have a seat and was possibly going to have to take a later flight. Once given my assigned seat, it took an hour to board. Very unorganized and very rude staff. Never again will I travel with this airline.
  Chicago to Delhi via Shanghai. Prior to flying I read comments about China Easter and thought man this isnt good! Well, there is a reason why people are so upset with the service and quality of this Airline. Service in plane was horrible, I asked for bread they responded no, may be next time asked for wine finish, no more. May be next time. Im pretty sure there will be no next time. Pay extra fee bucks and fly with a reputed airlines especially for the fact that flights are so long. Ground crews were not helpful and everything was very unorganized.
This airline may be good for smallshort trips inside Colombia but their service for international flights is very poor. I booked a round trip flight for my elderly grandmother from Bogota to JFK they dont offer anything on board you have to buy your own food which is normal for flights inside the US but not for international flights. On her way back they left her suitcase behind along with another 65 suitcases because they had more than they could carry and they promised her luggage will be available for pickup on the next day. Well its been almost a week and now they dont even know where her luggage is their call center and other employees havent been helpful throughout the whole ordeal. Ill not use this airline again or recommend it to anyboody  if you book your flight with enough time you can get great deals from the other airlines that are much much better that Aires.
 They have cancelled flights twice so Ive asked them for a refund. Its been more than 40 days since my request and they still havent refunded and also they are not replying to my emails. Ive had just 1 reply from an Ellinair representative during this period. Avoid at all costs!
  I purchased a return ticket Newark to Paris Orly with paid 1 checkin luggage on each sector. I had successfully prechecked in 24 hours prior to departure  printed my boarding pass at home. When I arrived at the airline counter at EWR 3 hours before my flight departure, the ticketing agent received an error message on her computer resulting to her not being able to print my luggage tag  an actual boarding pass. The checkin agent then proceeded to verify that my passport is still valid, that my tickets were valid, that I was cleared to fly by the border control  airport security both in USA and France and I was not in the noflylist. The checkin agent then referred the matter to her supervisor, and even the supervisor was unable to resolve the matter. The supervisor then confirmed that it was negligence on the airlines part and that Level has a bug in their checkin system and all this is not my fault at all. At that time, we had already passed the closing time for checkin and there was no way that I, nor my checkin luggage could make the flight in time. The supervisor then took screen shots of the system error on her computer  emailed the Level Airline Manager in Paris. Due to time zone difference, the Manager was not able to reply her promptly, so she told me to go home and wait for a reply from the Manager. The next day I was told that the Manager could not guarantee that they can fix the bug in their system in time for me to board onto their next flight which was the next day, and also my flight back from ORY to EWR. I was advised to purchase a new return flight ticket to Paris with a different airline and claim a full refund of my Level ticket and my airport transportation costs. I then successfully purchased and traveled to Paris with a different low cost airline, and now back to NYC without any problems. Level have replied my emails, but unfortunately they are telling me that they take no responsibility that I wasnt able to make their flight and that my claims cannot be honored. This was their reply For future reference, we would like to remind you that you have the option of checking in online and printing out your boarding pass in advance. You can do this by following the steps on the page Checkin Online of our website. In light of all of the above, and having complied with European regulation 2612004, we regret informing you that your request can unfortunately not be honored. Seriously what kind of response is that? Does not makes sense at all, I was at the checkin counter 3 hours before departure and even if I have my boarding pass with me, they could not even print out my checkin luggage tag which I paid for? And all this is my fault? I emailed them again saying that they must have not understood my case and that they should investigate my case properly, to please clarify all proof and reports by the EWR supervisor and Level Manager before claiming that this incident is entirely my fault, as if to escape their responsibilities as the airline contracted to take me to Paris at the agreed time. Their reply Following our resolution to your case in our previous email, we proceeded to revise this case and have verified that our company has complied at all times with our Conditions of Carriage and the current European air travel regulation. Once again, we regret not being able to honor your request Seriously, this airline has showcased a lack of ethics, empathy, and integrity at a stunning level!
SMIATHSMI route once or twice a month. OA uses small Bombardier airplanes whose seats do not recline. There is enough leg space I am 185cm and the seat width is fine. There is no inflight entertainment. The personnel has always been very polite and helpful. The only problem with OA are the outrageously high prices for its domestic flights especially for destinations like SMI where there is no competition.
  Fly only if no other connection, I am a frequent business flyer mostly departing from Vienna or Munich to destinations. The flight with Adria was chosen due to convenience, however if I had an option to choose next time, the value for money is not there nor the experience. Outdated aircraft buzzing from AC in the upper compartment present the whole time of descending and extremly anoying. Complimentary glass of water and snack pretzles. Other options only upon payment does not seem acceptable fot the price over 400 eur. Not to mention online check in unavailable from Paris, while the traffic to the airport is unpredictable, hence online check in is a must. All in all I would fly Adria again only if there is no other option left. The aircraft staff though very nice.
  Volotea has rigorously complied with the departure and arrival times. The crew has been very friendly, attentive and helpful. The cleanliness inside the aircraft is remarkable. The soft The baggage policy has allowed me to travel with everything I need for a twoweek holiday at no extra cost. I will continue to travel with Volotea and recommend this airline.
  My flight has been cancelled twice by the airline, there has been no amount credited into my account neither are they refunding the money.  Below is the email received from goair Warm Greetings from GoAir. Your GoAir flight G8116 from Bengaluru BLR to New Delhi DEL on 07062020 at 0935 hrs is CANCELLED. We apologize for the inconvenience caused. These changes are due to issues beyond our control. If you wish to avail the option of a full refund or a flight for the same sector on the previous day, same day or next day at no extra charge subject to availability, we request you to call us up to 2 hours prior to departure. Thank you for choosing GoAir and we look forward to serving you. Regards.
  Zagreb to Dubrovnik. A320 aircraft which is  comfy, friendly service, experience at the airport was smooth, website is very easy to use and allows for online checkin and seat selection easily with mobile iPhone Wallet Boarding Pass, etc.. Preflight email notifications for checkin and flight info were very useful. Service onboard friendly and flight was ontime. I had a technical question on my booking after the flight and was able to find the customer service email address directly on Croatian Airlines website and email them. A customer rep replied in perfect English within a couple of hours with all the details. Overall nofrills airline but delivers as planned, with uptodate digital platform and the experience was very smooth for a very competitive price.
Two flights on Lan Peru as part of One World Alliance RTW Business trip. Quito to Lima one class plane but as we are sapphire members of One World could access Quito Executive Club and was escorted to plane at the other end our luggage was taken off and waiting for us as it was priority this also happened on our long haul flight Lima to LAX we were most impressed with this service. The other good thing was at Lima airport we had to book in 7 hours ahead of flight1am and was allowed to book in and go to the lounge. The long haul with beds was really good except for the fact a couple of passengers decided to leave their luggage out of the overhead lockers this was allowed by the staff who seemed too intent on socialising to check on this. The seats belts were not checked in our cabin on take off or landing which is most surprising. But all in all still very good flights.
 I flew with Blue Air on Jan 19th from Liverpool to Rome. This flight was delayed by 14 hours  which is a significant delay as I was taking a short city break. The flight was due to leave at 7.15am  so was at the airport very early. Initially everything went smoothly from checkin through security to the queing to board the flight! Problems started when we did not board at the planned time  with the first issue being one of communication. No advice or information was made available to passengers that the flight was being delayed. Eventually, the flight status was updated to show a delay but no staff could be found to provide a reason or manage expectations as to how long the delay would be. As the day progressed, a voucher was handed out for refreshments which did not cover the cost of the cheapest meal but no information was available beyond what could be read on the screen of the expected departure time. It was not until mid afternoon that some staff did make themslves available and advise that the cause of the problems were technical issues and at this point, they were unsure if the flight would leave at all. Eventually, Blue Air did commit that a flight would leave that day to Rome and we started boarding just before 8pm. Once we were all seated, just as I thought we might depart, other passengers were boarded who were told to sit anywhere. It was only at this point, we found out 2 flights had been merged, with the second group of passengers bound for Bucharest. It took a considerable amount of time for this group to board and find seats  straining tempers of a number of passengers as groups were being split up and the air crew took a back seat during the confusion, leaving people to seat themselves. Eventually we departed at 9pm. During the flight, the aircrew were not particularly helpful or communicative with what was happening. I appreciate that technical issues can happen and delays do occur but it is entirely within the power of the airline to inform passengers with what is happening and give regular updates. By the time Blue Air did start speaking to people afternoon for a 7am scheduled departure, tempers were strained  so why wait so long? And why didnt they tell us flights were being merged. Due to the length of the delay I fully expect compensation to be available for this flight, however to date, I have had zero responses to my emailed requests. Not impressed. Badly handled Blue Air.
 Going to the plane, I was told that the flight was full and there was enough luggage in the plane. Trying to get on the plane, I was told that they will take my luggage because its too big which wasnt the case. I was forced to wait for the luggage a small bag, no one understood my request and in fact the male stewards on shift ignored me. When I got onboard the plane, the space was more than enough. I was really unhappy and my airport experience was ruined.
Excellent flight, more leg room than other airlines, 1 cabin stewardess who was excellent and  tended to all passenger requirements, served all passengers with  complimentary food with drink which is unknown nowadays. Good old fashioned service and customers do count. Flight from Waterford VG425 7th June.
  New York to Tashkent. Uzbekistan Airways offers direct flights from JFK. The fleet has some relatively new Boeing 787, but dont expect much beyond knowing youll get there relatively quickly. Theres no online checkin on the website, so arrive at least 3 hours early for international flights and expect to queue. Food is ok coming from NYC, very mediocre coming from Tashkent. Lots of screaming kids running laps in the aisles, so bring earplugs or music. Entertainment system has lots of RussianUzbek movies, but the worst dubbing Ive ever encountered. Rather than removing the Russian soundtrack, they simply put the English translation over it so that both play simultaneously. The English translation is just that one guy reading all the male character parts with a Russian accent, and a woman doing all the female parts.
Five hour delay on way out to Monastir from Manchester no explanation or apology given. No flight details given by captain the attendants were surly rude and unhelpful. Flight home on time but filthy dirty. All in all a horrible experience and by far the worst airline that I have had the misfortune to travel with.
  With so much praise has been given to EVA Airs Royal Laurel Class, I was looking forward to my flight to Bangkok. The experience began at the checkin desk, which was swift and friendly. The boarding was also methodically carried out, with business class passengers invited first. The cabin has a 1x2x1 layout with a reverse herringbone configuration, and mine by the window. The decor was pleasant, with olive green, shades of grey and brown colours. The seat itself looked cosy and comfortable. Settling down, I took a moment to explore the settings. The armrest could be lifted or lowered. There was the usual adjustable reading lamp and areas for storing small items and drinks. The seat adjustments at first looked complicated, but I eventually got the hang of it. The TV monitor was set at an angle opposite and had to be clipped open to be viewed. Headphones were also in their own compartment. The foldout table was especially large and sturdy. Good quality slippers, Jason Wu designer pyjamas and a decent amenity kit were also provided. PJs were really welcome and should be standard on longhaul journeys. Once boarding was complete, predeparture drinks came. When I requested Champagne, I was told it is prosecco for now, but champagne with supper. Seemed rather odd! At cruising altitude, the supper service began. The menu was displayed on the monitor, and there was a good selection of soft drinks, spirits, wines, and teas. I had preordered my main course for both supper and refreshment meals. The seafood main course of tiger prawns, with cashews in a spicy bean sauce, vegetables, and rice was delicious. But the choice of wine was just red or white. For afters, it was cheese and biscuits, with walnuts and pieces of fruit. However, I was disappointed to see a branded package of mini Jacobs crackers  it just cheapened the presentation. In my experience, biscuits and crackers should be served loose. The service was rather rushed, with no drinks refills unless asked for. I also had to ask for a coffee before tucking into sleep. Once supper was over, the cabin crew just retreated to the galley area until two hours before landing, when a refreshment meal was served. My main course was an Asian affair  noodles with shrimp won ton, char siew pork and other dim sum items which was tasty, and this time asked for champagne and got it. EVA Air offers an excellent business class hard product. The cabin crew, although polite, were just not engaging. The was a lack of proper etiquette and finesse when serving food and drink or attending to passengers. However, it did not deter me and I did enjoy my flight all the way to Bangkok.
  Seattle to Shanghai. Hainan Airline not only surprise me with how great their service was, but also let me felt how important a welltrained flight attendant was for a customer with acrophobia, for the first time. Flying in an iron box in the sky is one of the scarcest thing in the world, for someone who have acrophobia. The entire journey will be a torture. My hand sweat so easily when encountering turbulent, and the nervous was clearly showed on my face. I frequency asked for water in my previous trip in order to decrease my discomfort. Even though I told the flight attendants the reason, they still get annoyed sometime. I got used to it, and learn that It just how it is. No one likes a trouble maker. However, this crew had bring me a totally different experience. one of the flight attendant quickly recognized my fear and asked me if I want anything in order for me to feel better. I told her that I might need a lot of waters to relief my fear. She ensure me the I can call for service whenever I needed. The attendent manager also came and checked on me. Later on, after the captain announced that we were going to encounter a turbulent, she brought me a warm hand towel! I was shocked by how attentive she was and truly felt much better with that warm hand towel. Detail is the king, I was truly amazed by her attitude on understanding my needs.  If you do not have acrophobia, you will never understand how I felt in the sky. The flight attendents did an amazing job on comforting me. 
  The Jazeera terminal is the smallest and worst terminal. I had a 7 hour stay to catch my flight to Jeddah from Kuwait. There are not enough chairs to sit. I had 2 children with me who couldnt sleep anywhere. The business lounge has no facility to take restsleep like Flat Chairs.
I bought the ticket in February to travel to Kinshasa in April  in March all flights were cancelled because of the conflict in Libya. I went to the travel agency to ask about what I should do  the answer was to wait until the end of the conflict. Agency was unable to rebook me or to transfer to other airlines. I am having difficulties to find their offices in London or contacts  can someone help. I have lost my money and time and no one to help.
  I realize its been almost a year since I flew with Via Air, but I decided to consider it again crazy me to fly our daughter nonstop from Little Rock. After reading the negative reviews, it reminded me of why I said I would never fly Via Air again! I sat in the lobby of the airport for hours while the ground agents continued to tell us that the flight might not make it that day ... meaning, wed need to come back the following day! We finally took off  4 hours later. My return flight from Little Rock was no better. Their excuses were so lame that I a 5year old could do better. And no apologies or sense of urgency from anyone. I was never so happy to get off that plane both ways So, save your money and fly any other airline. Unless you have plenty of time to spare, and dont care about what day you get to your destination, Via Air is NOT the airline for you. I questions how they are still in business  truly. No one runs a business this way. I was hoping to read positive reviews, but alas, nothing has changed a year later.
  Arriving at Sydney to fly back to the UK with Emirates we joined the Premier Economy Online Checkedin queue expecting to quickly go to bag drop and then on to security but instead we soon found that this queue was three times longer than any others. BusinessFirst class was short and the queue for those whod not checked in at all was barely longer  only the checkedin passengers appeared to be stuck in a 45 minute queue. I tried to ask a member of the checkin staff if we were in the right queue and she just curtly told me yes, I was, without even asking or understanding our passenger class, so basically just a blatant lie to my face. We havent actually reached the aircraft yet but already know that we wont be travelling with Emirates again any time soon.
  Manchester to Cayo Coco. The selection of movies, TV shows and music were fantastic, and free drinks. The crew were excellent on both flights extremely helpful. We both received an amenity kit both ways with blankets and pillows. The upgraded meals were delicious. The seat pitch and width were great and the legroom was the best I ever had.  Premium is worth the extra money.
  This was an appalling experience. We were on a code share flight, starting in Auckland with an Air New Zealand flight to Hong Kong. We travelled business class and the Air NZ service was exemplary. By contrast, the Cathay cabin crew were a shambles and gave no customer service. They stood around with a tray of drinks as we boarded but did not offer them. The menu was disappointing and the cabin crew so badly organised that it took ages for them to serve the food. I chose fish which was fairly revolting. My wife opted for the vegetarian dish which arrived half an hour after everybody else had been served and was inedible. There was no attempt to see if we were ok or wanted another drink or coffee. I gave my breakfast order before going to sleep. My wife was not asked for her order with the result that they claimed not to have her choice they later managed to find it. I was served the wrong breakfast and again had to ask for everything  more coffee etc. The crew seemed completely disinterested in their passengers. On a 14 hour flight the restrooms became insanitary but the crew paid no attention to them until we asked for them to be cleaned. The lack of service would have been unsatisfactory in economy class it was unacceptable for business class.
 Never again will I fly Bahamasair. Extremely disorganized. Told they only have 5 airplanes and 2 are out of service yet they did not delay any planes and refuse to find new flights for customers. FYI you can keep your $10 to Wendys. If we get out at 9.30pm it will be a miracle. Agents at counter area completely incapable of communicating to the masses and their attitudes are only making every other passenger even more angry. They even stated you can get your voucher at the managers office because I dont have time for you.
JNBMUB return. Tried to check in early in JNB and was told to come back later as the BP staff had not started working in the luggage area and the check in staff member thought our bags might get pilfered liked his honesty. The flights both ways use the new ATR 22 seating which was comfortable and adequate. To MUB there was a sandwich service with drinks followed by a 2nd drinks service. From MUB there was just nuts with a drink service. On arrival we were told to sit till we were instructed to stand and they were very strict even after the door had been opened.
 London Gatwick to Malta with Air Malta. What can I say, but all in all a poor effort on all fronts. Delayed leaving the UK 30 minutes and seriously delayed leaving Malta 7hrs  having left the hotel at 630am to catch the 850am flight. We missed our connecting flight home and had to book a a subsequent later flight at an additional cost to us. They have a serious lack of communication, albeit we got vouchers for food and drinks. As always they will not comment on what exactly went wrong other than it went tech. These things happen, but it would be nice to inform you as soon as possible and then keep you updated and just do it as required according to the EU rules and flight delays. Even when we were told the flight would be leaving at 3pm  that did not happen. The plane itself, looked tired it been through a lot. The seating cramped, when compared to our Island carrier  Aurigny and their Embraer E195 a regional carrier. How is this possible? Also, upon vacating the seat I noted how the cushioning remained depressed. Obviously a well used seat. Generally the interior of the plane although clean, it too looked dated. The lack of inflight entertainment is a poor effort. The food poor effort once again, a filled bread roll and a bottle of water, I would rather not bother, in fact I didnt. When you consider Aurginy you will have at least a choice of soft drinksteacoffee and of course water. This is certainly not a experience I wish to repeat, it ruined a perfectly good holiday. Ultimately, if we ever returned to Malta, I will ensure my family and I choose an alternative carrier.
  Seattle to Manila via Xiamen. My wife and I planned a trip to the Philippines from Seattle and decided upon Xiamen Airlines Business Class. The routing was Seattle, Shenzen, Xiamen and Manila. We traveled late October 2018. The seating configuration in the Boeing 787, Business Class was 222. The seats were lay flat for sleeping, but unfortunately were leatherette covered which meant one would slide forward when seated upright due to the slippery covering. Lunch was served and I chose duck. This was the consistency of rubber and virtually inedible. The 12.5 hour flight was uneventful, however during this time the cabin staff barely checked on us. When they did, there was a distinct language problem. We couldnt understand them and they couldnt understand us! One would think when one is on a international flight a common understandable language should be used. When we arrived at Shenzen we had a layover of 2 hours during which time we had to clear Chinese Customs and Immigration. After this we had to wait in a departure lounge without being told anything about our next flight leg. There were about 12 onward passengers waiting for the next leg. Eventually we were told our boarding gate and ETD. The flight to Xiamen was around 1 hour. After arrival we had to pick up our luggage and we went to the Xiamen Airlines counter to get a hotel voucher as we had 20 hour layover. Xiamen Airlines to not have a hotel bus or any means to transport us to the hotel. We had to change money to get a taxi. This was an effort in its own right. We did leave some of our baggage at the left luggage office at the airport, which helped. The next day we caught a taxi back to the airport. We go through security on entry to the airport before checking in for our flight to Manila. I should mention that boarding to Manila like the short leg for Shenzen was chaos. No boarding by class or seating, just go for it! Service on board was almost like a domestic flight, again a language problem. We arrive in Manila after almost 36 hours after leaving Seattle. It was nice to experience the friendliness of Philippine Customs and Immigration. The return from Manila to Seattle every bit as bad as when we arrived late 1130pm in Xiamen we had to clear customs and immigration and by the time that happened it was around 2am banks were closed and we had now money for a taxi to the hotel we finally change $20 with a Xiamen Airline staff member and got to the hotel around 230 am. We were again routed via Shenzen and had to go through immigration and carry ALL bags through security. The flight back was slightly better, but there was still the language barrier. All in all the Xiamen Airlines experience was poor. The airline should make sure the cabin staff have sufficient English to carry out a basic conversation. The airline should upgrade all staff to a level of what is expected from a good international airline. At the moment they are a 3rd rate airline.
 There is one thing I dont understand about KLM how can you loose a Business Class luggage on a direct flight? Did it fall out of the plane? Did it get sent to Mars with Elon Musks rocket? Since I was travelling again this time, not KLM, I took the time to walk over the Baggage Desk at Arrivals in Schiphol. What I learned is that not only did they never actually check whether its still at the departure place, or at a stopover place, no, they suggested I start calling airports in Zanzibar and Dar where we landed on the way, but I did not have to leave the plane....unlike my luggage, probably! Once again a Business Class passenger, member of both private and corporate loyalty programs, gets their luggage lost by KLM and is advised to go look for it themselves. Fly KLM again? I dont think so. BTW, there were queues at that Lost Luggage desk, so... if you care for your property, see if theres another airline that can take you  and your luggage  to your destination. In the meantime, value for money is not even 1 its negative. As to the rest. The first ever business class flight where I had to ask for a glass of water  twice! And I had to pay for Wifi. In business class.
CURMIACUR MD82. Check in took just a few minutes since I was very early at the airport. The checkin staff was helpful however informed me of a delay of minimal 4 hours. The pax received a food voucher. The flight was fully booked and service on board was great. We even got a small meal. The return flight was on time and as with the first flight the service on board was great compared to American Airlines. Again a small meal and free beverage service. The planes look a bit old from the inside but were very clean.
  The experience was horrible. No food, no water. To top the most terrible ordeal they didnt put the baggage in the plane. After 2 days, over 20 phone calls and 3 trips to the airport and paying $70.00 for parking to claim the baggage, we are finally relieved. The number they provide is a call centre and has nothing to do with the airline. The number for them in Toronto is just an answering machine telling to email them. I absolutely dont recommend this airline to anyone. This was the only and last time we used them. So far no apology and no compensation from them. Its so terrible feeling when you pay for the service and instead you get pain and suffering.
We recently flew from Antigua ANU to Grenada GND via St Lucia and Barbados aircraft change. We had read a lot of negative reviews with regards to LIAT prior to our flights. Our flights were on time and in fact arrived in Grenada early. Our luggage arrived and we found all the staff polite and courteous. We returned to Antigua from Grenada via Barbados aircraft change and Dominica and again all our flights were on time and luggage arrived. Offered soft drinks on all flights. We would recommend using LIAT and we will use them again without hesitation. The only thing we would complain about was the price of flights however there is no real alternative.
 Bangkok to Mae Sot District with Nok Air. Dont fly with this airline if there are others choices! The legroom on Q400 is horrible! The cabin quite smelly! The service was fine. Way too far from low cost premium airline as they called themselves.
  Tokyo Narita to Hong Kong. First and last experience. Got to the airport three hrs in advance. No checked baggage only carry on. Done the online checkin prepared the boarding pass screencap but didnt print it out. Got rejected at entering custom because they require a hard copy. 2hrs before takeoff. Back to the single sole queue they have opened for my flight. Stood for 15 min long no forward movement of this queue with at least 30 people in the front. Tried local printing service but failed. Asked online checkin counter for printing just the pass, got rejected how remarkable they have 23 counters with the check in counter included at that time. Requeued. 45min before take off, tried another single sole general counter they opened, got accused of not fulfilling my responsibility, seeing me queuing this general line as treating myself special thus reluctant to provide me with such priviledge that kind of attitude. She complied finally saying no next time, this is also what I think in mind, ordering me to weigh my carry on and from her attitude she expected them to be overweight so that I could be further accused. I understand rules are rules and customers are not king, but does it have to be this way? I did do my part, just not knowing they need hardcopy this time last time I departed from T2 there is no need I got straight o the gate with my carryon Furthermore, who could have known this company with rude ground staff has only one sole check in counter operational for the whole flight without any automation aids. Not to mention all I need is the pass printed while the queue was full of customers with checked baggage. Epic failed in operational perspective. 
  I got covid while visiting my brother for a wedding in Arizona. When I tried to reschedule my flight they refused, stating they would refund me the tax in 2 months time. I now have to spend another $500 for a new ticket on top of the $320 total for PCR tests. 
I flew SmartWings with my wife and 2 kids from Dubai to Prague. The flights were on time on both sectors, and service was good. The flights were packed, hence the issue of overhead luggage space. They served hot meals on both flights with drinks and chocolate. The crew was cooperative and nice, I would recommend this airline.
  Guangzhou to Moscow. Slow on board service and inattentive ground staff. it took two hours to get my tomato juice after I repeatedly requested it from cabin flight attendants.
  I flew Motor Sich this past July from Kyiv to Odesa and it was a great experience! It was on one of their AN 24s and to my surprise the seats were the most comfortable economy seats I have flown, not to mention the most room. Also, when checking in my bag was a few kilos overweight and they let me check it with no extra charge! Would definitely fly Motor Sich again!
As an expat living in Algeria I frequently have to use the services of Air Algrie for going on business trips. As a frequent user I can only confirm what others say about Air Algrie. The planes are 90 of the time late the service is miserable and the planes are in a state where most airlines would take them out of service. Only small highlight is the consistent quality of the food which is not refined but good tasting. Air Algrie certainly is part of the Algeria experience but those who are scared of flying may not find this the most reassuring airline to go with. A word of advice as a business traveller  take business class there is a small lounge at the Airport in Algiers where you can at least pass your time when the flight is delayed.
 They cancelled on me providing no reason or compensation, which is expected behavior for a Lion Air. So I rescheduled, and of course that other flight also got cancelled. So if your time is precious avoid this airline. If you are looking to gamble on whether or not you will actually fly, take Lion Air.
  Absolutely rubbish airline. Lost my bag on 2 flights already, which i can forgive since these things happen. But they were so rude at the reporting office, as if they had their own bags lost, refused to compensate for things i had to buy since it was lost 5 days and had all my things inside and then refused to deliver to my address like they promised and instead dropped it off at a bus station 2hrs away from my house. Their customer service are clueless and the ground staff rude. Not worth the cheaper prices,
Tanjung Pandan to Jakarta in early July. Stewardess service is quite good food is just snacks but are tolerable. Flight was delayed almost an hour. During the flight stewardesses were busy selling rather than serving passengers.
  This is a warning to anyone tempted by the low fairs Spirit Airlines offer.  You pay an initial low fare, but the additional fees for everything will make the flight much more expensive than taking another airline. If your bag is a couple pounds over 40 lbs, $90 extra. Do you want to make sure your family sits together? $15 additional per seat. We paid around $200 for our checked luggage, then had to pay an additional $90 because my bag was 45 lbs. Their max is 40. Lines took forever and we got stuck in security. We made it to the gate while the door was still opened, but they shut it with us standing there boarding passes in hand. They didnt care. Sorry, youll have to rebook. No more available flights to Ft. Lauderdale that day which means we were going to miss our cruise ship. Meanwhile, our luggage was on the plane without us on its way to Ft. Lauderdale. Thanks to Southwest, we found a flight to make our ship, but we couldnt get anyone from Spirit on the phone in Ft. Lauderdale to see about getting our luggage which was only 30 minutes away from the port. No one answered, no one cared. We made our cruise, but without our luggage. I contacted Spirit Airlines when we got back and explained the situation. 
  Worst airline I have even attempted to deal with. They broke my luggage on the way to Vegas. This can happen so no big deal however their count was vacant so I could not report it. We ended up mangling to carry and drag it to the parking lot. When returning for the flight back home, the counter agent was unable to help us with the issue and give us a number to call for support. I have called the number over 50 time with zero answer. Their online concierge is a joke and also can not support in any way. I have send several unanswered emails. This airline is a joke, they have zero customer service!
NewcastleBergen return  On the way out we travelled on the Saab Aircraft the bigger of the two turbo props. Flight was fine only one cabin staff nice flight we took off earlier than expected and landed early too. On our return we travelled on the smaller of the two turbo props much smaller than the one we travelled out on but again only one member of staff in the cabin. On both flights We were offered sweets just before take off and then complementary drinks during the flight. I would certainly recommend flying with Eastern Airways.
Vancouver to Shanghai Pudong airport connecting Shanghai Airlines to Phnom Penh Cambodia. Staff at the Shanghai Airlines desk could not track down their plane that we were to board at 750 pm. Turned out to be an almost five hour delay as they kept changing boarding gates on us too. They didnt delay or cancel the flight or take our baggage. Airline staff were very mixed up and didnt seem to care too much. Many people argued with them loudly. After two hours they said wed better rebook for the next day and theyd look into hotel vouchers for an overnighter and a bus would come. We were very jetlagged and understood we only had a 24 hour transit visa in China which meant wed be in trouble overstaying the visa if we re booked for the next day. If this happened we assumed wed be okay overstaying because the airline should look after this. Airline staff had no idea. We rebooked anyhow but right after they found the flight and began taking on passengers. When we tried to get our re booked ticket on the found flight which was our original flight they denied our ticket  said it wasnt valid or something. The only way to get out on our original flight was to buy a ticket on it at the counter. One airline counter staff woman told my wife it would cost 160USD each for each one way ticket. Fair enough but when we paid and got our etickets and read them theyd charged us $1915 USD! Counter staff wasnt able to convert the currency from CNY to USD. We argued with them to no avail and they merely said that was the counter price. We called Air Canada from the airport and they said their agreement with Shanghai Airlines ended Oct 30  but we booked Oct 27th. Shanghai Airlines did not honor the ticket yet had a few days remaining. Pudong Airport does not honor tollfree calls. They take a very expensive cut at their terminal business center. The young girls at the Shanghai Airlines counters looked good but didnt speak much English were not informing anyone as to what was going on with the flight and basically tricked us into buying another ticket at a ridiculous price.
  London to Hyderabad via Muscat. My Flight was cancelled and its been more than a month now, that I have received no response from Oman air about my ticket refund. Wrote 15 emails, called customer care 20 times, No response. When you speak with Customer care, they refuse to listen to the customer and hang up. I have not received any proper response from any one in Oman air. On the Website and on the Internet, they publish stories, saying that they will refund the amount but they wont reply you even on Social Media. 
A friend and I were due to fly Sriwijaya Air from Jakarta to Makassar. We arrived 2.5 hours before the flight and were told the flight which was due to leave at 09.20 had been delayed until 10.00. All the information boards said departure now at 10.00 and the checkin staff confirmed this and wrote Be at gate for 9.25 on our boarding passes. We went for a coffee and turned up at the gate at 09.25 as instructed to be told the flight had left on time in the end. We were then told the checkin staff must be wrong and you should never check the information boards which still read delayed until 10.00. The management staff refused to look at the boards and eventually blamed the airport authorities. No announcements were made or efforts to find us despite us sitting in the only cafe inside the terminal. The attitude from the staff was really poor and they were totally unhelpful. Their only suggestion was to book another flight with the airline  which was 12 hours later and we would have to pay again. No refund or further help was offered and the staff would walk away after shouting at us and then return unable to have a sensible conversation. We submitted a complaint since arriving home  I would advise avoiding this airline if possible as there are plenty of other domestic Indonesian airlines that are fair and Sriwijaya really let us down. A really disappointing experience.
  This airline has got to have the worst customer service I have ever experienced. I purchased cancellation protection. We decided to go to Paris as well which we booked on IcelandAir. I made the mistake of booking a flight on Play going back to Keflavik to catch my original flight on Play back to Stewart. I purchased insurance as well.  assumed I would be able to get the bookings merged into one or have both flights turned into a credit to rebook as one booking but at every turn I was told we cannot do that. I decided to use a different airline to get to Iceland and Paris. Play has no customer service number to speak of to contact with problems and the contact via email or chat feels scripted or worse an AI. At the end of the day once you pay for luggage and everything you will only wind up saving a few dollars. Save yourself a headache and fly with anyone else even a cargo shipment. I would give them a zero if I was allowed
Prague to Rome FCO on Smartwings. When I booked the flight the cost was about 70 Euros and was advertised as a nonstop flight. Upon arrival at PRG airport we found out that the Venice flight had been combined with our flight as well. This meant an hour flight to Venice on the ground for about an hour then another 45 minute flight to FCO!
 One of two airlines that fly from Tel Aviv to Prague direct. Would recommend choosing any other airline even if its with two connecting flights. Check in was in person with no option to do online. The line was more than an hour long and did not look like they made any effort of speeding it up. The crew were ok considering the stress they were under. The price was not good either probably because of the lack of competition, so you get all the features of a low cost airline for a full price. Airplane was old and not well maintained. The cabin was so dirty that I was too grossed out to take the safety guide out.
  Seoul Incheon to Manila. Yes to budget but no to their baggage policy and I suggest it should be changed. They do not allow combined baggage! We are a family of 4 with 60kgs of total bag allowance. Note The only available flight at the time we purchased it was their Special Fare. We only used 1 big piece luggage and a back pack for easier travel since we have senior citizens with us. Our big luggage exceeded 5kgs and they insisted that we separate it so we obliged. But heres whats unfair, when we got to our gate waiting to board, the ground attendant approached us and said that the planes overhead bin was a bit small for our hand carry bags 2 standard cabin baggage size with less than 4kgs in weight and asked us that we checkin the bags instead. Since we saw a lot of bags already tagged for check in, so we said yes ok, maybe it really wont fit so, we thought!, but when we got on the plane all their local citizens had their hand carries with them, bigger than our bags putting it in the overhead bin! Hello unfair treatment for foreigners like us.
  We have been Alaska Travel Card members since they began. Our last two trips, all in 2022, have had our flights changed multiple times including loss of our premium seats and reassigned to horrible seats. Both trips we used our companion ticket. The trip to Costa Rica was booked LAX to SJO nonstop but both on the trip down and back have added a stop in Liberia which Alaska used as an excuse to bump us from our premium seats. Our trip back to the States, we checked in showing stop in Liberia and confirmed premium seats and purchased food only to wake up and find they had changed it again showing no stop to Liberia and loss of premium seats from LAX to PDX giving us a seat with no windows. No food. We are now boarded and informed we are stopping in Liberia even though our boarding pass shows direct to LAX. I dont know what is going on but they are no longer reliable in terms of booking a flight or picking a seat. Count yourself lucky if you get on a flight. I may be looking into Capital One travel card that allows you to book with any airline and the airline treats you as a full paying customer  not treated poorly for being a loyal customer.
 22 flights delayed by at least an hour with no explanation, no staff around to ask questions or give an estimated departure time. Overall disappointing experience even though staff were present were courteous.
  San Francisco to Tokyo Haneda. Best airline I have ever flown. Economy class seats have enough of space to stretch your legs  im 511, food is on business class level when compared to any US or European based carriers. 2 checked baggage pieces standard, its employees dont panhandle for extra fees. Remember all the glamour of the airline travelling from 30 years ago? It still lives on with JAL!
  Berlin to Hurghada. It was the first time, I am flown with Germania. It was a good choice after Air Berlin terminated service on this route. They offer free baggage 20 kg, a complimentary hot meal and three legs of complimentary non alcoholic hot or cold drinks on this 0430 hrs trip. If the flight is booked more, you have the possibility to upgrade to an extra legroom seat containing up to 30 inch more legroom, head phones and one beerwhine. Flight attendants were very friendly and caring all the flight. One documentary and one movie were shown on overhead screens. But if you are not interested in their IFE, bring your own device. CheckIn was a bit confusing because they tell that your seat is advised automatically which I believe is not the truth. There were many free seats. Therfore this was not a problem but would be, if this flight have been more crowded. All in all a very good price service ratio.
  Flight BangkokKhon Kaen. Lovely staff, smiling, bright, very good service, clean plane. The flight was on time, no delay, when landing, it landed very softly. Impressed. Will definitely use the service again.            
  Jeju to Seoul. I realize my passport was left on the compartment after I came out from the arriving. After 2 hours I went back to the front desk airline and give them my flight details with the sit no in order for them to search. Very fast they told me my passport was not there. It give me the impression they didnt put any effort to go and find the passport and the frontline was very rude. I will not board this airline again as front desk and others colleague didnt show any courtesy and professionalism at all.
 I have holidayed in Corfu for the last 25 years and appreciate that the runway is short. The outbound flight landing has to be the worst I have ever experienced, to my mind we were approaching too high and too fast. We landed heavily with the aircraft lurching from side to side, hanging on for dear life  not a pleasant start to the holiday! The return flight started positively but on the approach to London Stansted we came down in fits and starts causing a lot of anxiety. Other passengers were also concerned about the roller coaster descent and there was huge relief when the plane landed and eventually came to a halt. However we were left onboard without the doors being opened for almost half an hour after the engines had stopped with no explanation as to why. One bad landing can be excused but if this is normal for Tui pilots I think we have identified a training need!
Johannesburg to Luanda with TAAG Angola. The checkin at OR Tambo Airport was a bit of a hassle because it was the first day of new baggage rules. However, once in the air, the experience was excellent value for money. The flight departure was on time and the meal served was one of the most delicious I have had onboard a flight for a long time. The TAAG cabin crew were friendly and efficient. I frequently use TAAG on this route and will continue to do so.
  Many passengers on my flight missed their connecting flight due to delays. We were delayed at least 40 minutes taking off. Several passengers in front of me knew as we waited to taxi to the gate they had already missed their connection. The pilot and staff were great. The issue is simple to me. Flights that dont run within 15 min earlylate run a huge risk of causing passengers to miss connections. The pilot was transparent in tell us they were assigned to a gate, which was occupied. Then assigned to another gate. Which was also occupied. So we waited on the ground about 20 minutes for an open gate. Dont airports have like 900 gates? I find it ludicrous that the delay was made even worse by the inability of the airport. Charlotte to find a gate. I have a layover, so I wont miss a flight. I guess this review is on behalf of my passengers missing connecting flights, the ludicrous flight connection system, and the entire system itself. I dont want excuses about pilot shortages, luggage handler shortages, import vibration, etc. For $550 for a flight from PA to AL, figure it out.
  Congratulations to Jet2 on how they have dealt with customers during the pandemic. Had a flight to Malaga booked for June 2020 and obviously this was a non starter.  They sent an email with options 1. Move the flight 2. Take a credit 3. Do nothing and money will be refunded. For a number of reasons option 3 worked best for us. Jet2 had the money refunded within 10 days.  Big Thumbs up.
  Highly recommended. An excellent choice in both directions  ParisJFK and return JFKCDG. We were worried after reading the reviews but had an excellent experience. Arrived early both times, luggage arrived very fast and flight crew were great. Great entertainment system and food it was part of the ticket in our return was fine. No need to buy it, its a relatively short flight. Flights operate from smaller terminals in both JFK and CDG so no lounges and limited options for food, etc. but that also means much faster check in and security on both ends. We were out within less than half an hour from landing. Mild cons It is a low cost airline so luggage is restricted to what you bought but its very straightforward and they were not petty about it.
Excellent flight from Guatemala City to Flores and back with TAG Airlines. First flight was a Embraer, second was a Saab 340. Very nice, smooth flight. On the first flight a small snack box was given, on the flight back a soda, chips and cookies were given.
  London to Beijing return.  Boarding was smooth and on time. I was welcomed and shown to my window seat. These are the old style 2x2x2, with the window seat having no direct aisle access. The small fixed partition between the seats offered a little privacy, but only when full flat. The seat itself was very comfortable and the adjustments were easy to operate. Following a welcome Champagne drink and hot towel, the menus were handed out. The announcements included a clear warningadvise for passenger behaviour on board. The cabin was half full. While taxing, a crew member came to take my dinner order. Although there was a choice of three main courses, I was told they had only one choice for dinner and breakfast left!  For dinner,  small appetisers were served, followed by a seafood starter, salad and hot breads. The main fish course was OK but a little bland. However, a desert trolley came along and I was able to choose what I liked, and settled for cheesecrackers and ice cream. Plenty to eat, but not that great. The wine served was good, and topped up several times, before coffee and cognac. One of the crew came to apologise for the lack of choice in the food, but it was not a major issue. What impressed me was the smiling and attentive attitude of the crew. I have read negative reviews about Air China complaining about the lack of English spoken. But for me, that is the charm of communicating with others who may not be so perfect in other languages. I really enjoyed my flight, especially the friendly cabin crew. A large pillow and thick blanket was provided for sleeping. The IFE was not fantastic, with a very limited number of English movies. The LOccitane amenity kit was also basic. On the 10 hour flight, I managed about 4 hours sleep. On my return flight, the sound quality of the announcements was poor, and I could hardly understand a word spoken. Yet it didnt deter me from enjoying a relaxing time. Considering Air Chinas low pricing in Business Class, I would fly them again. Lovely cabin crew and comfortable seat, overcame the minor shortcomings.
  We flew from JFK to NBO just before the pandemic was declared. This was the first leg of a journey to Seychelles SEZ. We found the cabin crew on this flight to be excellent, attentive, and really friendly. It seemed that the cabin staff were up and down the aisles very frequently and had a smile on their faces, something that must be tough during these times. We told them how pleased we were at the end of the flight and they seemed genuinely surprised to get the positive feedback. We passed this on to the airline via their website but have received no response as yet. Check in at JFK was easy, but probably atypical due to the reduced number of flyers in early March this year. The same could be said for the boarding process. The plane itself was new, a lovely 787 with mood lighting and big windows. The legroom was reasonable not cramped but not luxurious. Overall it was comfortable for such a long journey. The food on the outbound journey was really good, way better than we expected, and our son childs meal was also better than typical kids meals. The biggest negative on our outbound journey was the entertainment system. There were very few recent movies and the choice was extremely limited. Take your tablet or phone and download some eBooks, movies or other entertainment to it. if you are expecting to use the system on the plane to keep you occupied for 14 hours you will be disappointed. If I was rating the airline based on this flight I would actually give this flight 4 or even 5 stars as it was enjoyable but external factors are influencing that rating. Our return journey from Seychelles was delayed overnight by 14 hours and we had to fight to get accommodation. Due to this delay, and the Kenyan government ban on entry for foreigners due to COVID19, it also meant our mini KQ Safari booked through the airline had to be cancelled. This is all very understandable and we have no issue with any of that. We cancelled this over email with the safari division while in the Seychelles and assumed there would be no issue. However, despite meeting 3 of the criteria needed for refund I am now going through a VISA chargeback process to recover this fee. First they say to talk to travel agent when we booked the safari directly through them on a different credit card number and then they say its valid for a year and they do not refund services .. despite having a clear statement on their website that a refund can be done if you fit 1 of the 3 criteria  1. contact the email provided within 24 hours of the safari to cancel we did it 6 days before, 2. Have a flight cancellation or delay we were cancelled and put on a flight 14 hours later, and 3. Being denied entry to the country the government were denying foreign nationals even with a visa  which we had. We want to go back to the Seychelles when all this is over but sadly I fear it will need to be with another airline, despite the stellar service of the staff on KQ003 on the day we flew.
  I want to highlight 2 pathetic experiences of AirAsia India here One is the latest one wherein my younger sister was forced to miss her flight when no assistance was provided to her and she was held back by the staff till 2.30 when she had reached the airport at 2.05 PM. No one had helped her by escorting her through the security check. My sister is 18 years old and was travelling to Srinagar, AirForce Station to my sister, I purposely booked AirAsia, because I being a Tata employee prefer Tata products and services and also my sister being travelling for the first time alone, I took the leap of faith in AirAsia. However, rather than getting assistance she was stopped and held back by the staff of AirAsia itself which led to waste her time and missing her flight. When tried to negotiate with the staff they offered her to pay them 8000 INR for the upcoming flight. I tried to speak to one of the executives over the phone and she rudely responded saying that drop an email, I cant help. I am done with AirAsia India and would definitely make sure for everyone around me.
I flew from Frankfurt to Tashkent and from Tashkent to Urumqi. These are out of the way airports but the service from Tashkent to Urumqi was fine. The counter at Frankfurt was very ill equipped to handle all the passengers and needs to be improved but overall the flights were fine. The inflight staff was very good.
  Worst airline ever, cancelled flights without any notification. Earlier layover supposed to be 1 hour, then they provided alternate connections flight with layover more than 15 hours. Pathetic customer service no contact number.
 Air Malta offers cheap tickets between VIE and Luqa. Both flights were on time. Although the seat configuration of the A320 is similar to their competitors they are still using very old seats that cause the feeling of having absolutely no room at all. I think that is the main problem with Air Malta  not sure if they are about to change that or invest into new planes but I would say a 2 hours flight is the maximum one would want to experience. There is no real service except the salestrolleys so I was extremly surprised to see 5 cabin crew members on both flights instead of the regular minimum of 4 certainly not because of the work load. Their business class is a little joke  theres not even a cabin divider so I was happy that I did not pay for a lastminute upgrade. When available in the cabin the crew was friendly but most of the time all five of them were not visible on both sectors. Since their competitors on this route are even worse I would say that KM is the best option our of VIE for flights to Luqa.
  Unfortunately El Al just cant seem to get their business in order. I booked a return flight to Dubai and last minute literally the day before I returned El Al changed my flight time from the evening to the middle of the day, which meant I was unable to complete my meetings and work as planned. There was no offer of an alternative flight, or compensation, and I was only aware of the time change due to spending hours trying to contact their customer service only to be cut off while I was paying international charges 6 times. I didnt receive a text, email or call to let me know of this change. Once I boarded the plane it was clear something strange was going on, I was on the only woman on the flight, other than the staff. Travelling solo as a British person but an Israeli citizen I found the experience horrible and overwhelming. The plane had been booked out for a male company trip and I was one of very few passengers who werent part of the company. I sat squeezed behind a row of men who were far too large for their seats and was squashed, pushed and shoved the entire journey. When I asked if they could stop, I was ridiculed. The plane was obscenely loud as they all shouted across rows to one another while the staff did nothing to stop this, with no regard for the passengers outside of their organisation on the plane. The men were rude, offensive and the whole experience was traumatic. As someone who moved to Israel and travels multiple times a month, El Al should be the goto airline but unfortunately its a total shambles. Dont fly with them, it was a horrible experience and one I wont be having ever again. I highly advise using any other airline to fly anywhere to or from Israel.
 Our luggage was lost and it was not clear when it would be returned to us. We had obligations that required us to buy clothing. We spent more than $350 dollars for suitable clothes for the two days the luggage was lost. I have made repeated requests for reimbursement, they say they will but they have not sent the money. I have emailed and called more than 10 times. Now they are no longer answering my emails. They said they would pay $300 but have not paid any.
DMELEDDME SVOHRGSVO DMEPUJDME. The airline mainly specializes in international charter flights to vacation destinations with regular flights not being their priority. Every time there were some problems. On the regular flight DMELEDDME the company failed to issue an e ticket though the money was charged to my card. The charter flight SVOHRG was delayed for 6 hours. The flight PUJDME was delayed for 3 hours while the passengers had to sit all this time in the plane with AC being turned off. Transaero fleet is fairly old the crew members are rude. Drinks  food onboard are limited. For example I was denied a second glass of tomato juice cause of the one glass per person policy. In fact probably the only good thing about Transaero is their offer of cheap direct longrange flights from Moscow to destinations like Punta Cana Cancun Male Denpasar etc. But considering that most likely there will be a delay the plane will be old  dirty with no inflight entertainment serviced by rude crew the consequence of such economy of time  money is likely to be a spoiled trip. I think it is much better to pay more  fly with a stopover than fall victim to Transaeros incompetence.
  It was an exceptional experience from start to finish. The airlines commitment to customer satisfaction and the extraordinary service provided by their ground staff, especially Zilian, truly stood out and made my journey memorable. From the moment I arrived at the airport, I was greeted with a warm and welcoming smile from Zilian. She exuded professionalism, courtesy, and genuine enthusiasm, putting me at ease and setting the tone for the rest of my travel experience. In the the flight a spacious and wellmaintained cabin, delicious meal options, and a wide range of entertainment. The flight attendants were attentive and courteous. I recommend China Southern Airlines to fellow travelers.
  The flight itself is adequate. The  disaster that is Air Asias broken reservations and customer service system is another matter. The issue was to pay the equivalent of USD$5 in additional baggage. Two hours wrestling with a website that generates error message after error message and payment doesnt go through on 4 valid credit cards. Asked my travel agent to try to resolve and they confirmed it was not possible to pay the charge online. I ended up taking a taxi to the airport and back to pay this charge. AirAsias own personnel were embarrassed by the whole thing. If you manage to buy a ticket and not have to make any changes at all, you might be all right. Otherwise fly another airline. I certainly will from now on. 
 Flew on GA682 Jakarta to Sorong on the overnight flight. The check in process was good even though I was in Economy Class, however Garuda allowed me to check in at the Business Class counter. Due to being a Platinum member I was given access to the lounge and Snacks, Tea, Coffee, and soft drinks were freely available. After checking in I was escorted by the Garuda ground staff team member through security and to the lounge. When came time for boarding I was escorted to the plane door. The overall flight and service was good, however as the plane was full the cabin crew were quite busy servicing meals and snacks. I would recommend that Garuda look at the amount of carryon luggage they allow people to bring onboard as some were carrying bags that looked over 20Kg.
  Terrible attitude from the lady at 11am at gate D6. Plane was uncomfortable and the flight attendants did the bare minimum and could use some classes in being better to people. No entertainment, no snacks. Tiny bathrooms. Not a great airline at all.
  We flew direct from Key West to Tampa. My fianc and I checked 2 bags, identical bags, we get to Tampa and only his bag is there. We find some lady that nonchalantly tells us to go to the ticket counter. We tell the guy our bag didnt arrive. He asks for my id and phone number. Gives it back and says nothing else. So I say after a minute or two can we have an update? He says hes waiting to hear back from his supervisor. We go sit down and wait. 45 minutes later he comes back and says they dont know where my bag is and they are waiting to hear from Key West. He said you can leave and Ill call you when he hears back. 5 hours later no one has called. So I scour the internet looking for a number that actually works for the Tampa Silver Counter. Finally get someone to pick up and they still havent located my bag. 1 hour later someone calls me saying it got left in Key West and will be to Tampa by 8.30. I say so do I just go to the belt? He goes no, come to the ticket counter with your id. So I go back at 8.30, theres a sign saying the ticket counter is closed for the night. I roll my eyes and go down to the belt and thankfully its there. I emailed customer relations and he said my bag didnt make the flight because of weight restrictions, which is fine but why did no one tell me and it took 6 hours to locate my bag. They are very disorganized. The most basic airline. No wifi, no TVs, no drink service, no ramp to the plane, you have to walk outside forever. Just not worth it and the flights were $400 a piece. The company is low budget all around.
  I flew with Tway for a return trip from Singapore  Seoul this past week, and having read all the bad reviews I was initially skeptical about this airline. However, I had a pleasant experience throughout. The staff were extremely helpful and efficient, the checkin process was smooth, both flights were very punctual and smooth, good cleanliness and the cabin crew were all excellent. They may have significantly improved from previous years. Although the website may not be the most intuitive I didnt manage to check in online so arrived at the airport 3 hours in advance and everything went well, the seats are not as spacious as more expensive airlines which you should expect given the ticket cost, and the flight timings are a little inconvenient for this route currently, I honestly have no complaints and the quality was much better than expected given the cheap ticket fare. I would say its definitely worth a try, if youre looking for a cheaper alternative and dont mind there being no inflight entertainment. I was very satisfied with everything overall!
 Manila to Boston via TokyoNarita. The flight from Manila to Tokyo was operated on a B7878, and the flight from Tokyo to Boston was operated on a B7879. The infamously horrible traffic in Manila made me arrive at the airport only 57 minutes prior to my departure time. I panicked! Upon arrival at checkin, though, a lady at the business class checkin desk checked me in and assured me that I would make my flight. Indeed, because Japan Airlines boarded the aircraft beginning only 30 minutes before departure and did not close the gate until 10 minutes before departure, things went just fine. I know that many airlines would not be so forgiving of a late arrival. Many airlines also would probably have lost my luggage when I checked it in so late. Not Japan Airlines! It made it all the way to Boston. As for the inflight experience, the flight attendants were polite, friendly, and accommodating. I was seated in a bulkhead seat for the first time in many years, and one of the flight attendants helped me to open up the TV monitor for that seat. The seats were very comfortable. Blankets and pillows were available on both flights. Toothbrushes and toothpaste were available in the lavatories during the flight from Tokyo to Boston. Too bad that there were no amenity kits, but its always the toothbrushes and toothpaste that I most desire during such flights, so they just barely met my expectations there. Perhaps the least impressive part of the experience was the inflight entertainment. While I appreciated that they offered manga for people to read if they so desired, the selection of movies and TV seemed somewhat lackluster, and it was disappointing that many items were not available with English subtitles. Finally, there was the food. I was served one full meal on the flight from Manila to Tokyo and one full meal and a sort of light meal on the flight from Tokyo to Boston. We were also served packaged snacks about 35 minutes prior to landing in Boston, which seemed kind of lastminute to me and a little awkward. The full meals were truly enormousby far the largest meals I have ever had on a flight. The one served from Manila to Tokyo was perhaps the largest of all. The entree was a sort of chicken in a creamy mushroom sauce, served with sliced carrots, sliced zucchini, and fried rice with egg and vegetables. It also came with a vegetable salad with dressing, a fruit salad, a noodle salad, a potato salad with ham and cheese, miso soup, HaagenDaaz vanilla ice cream, a chocolate chip cookie, a bottle of water, and your choice of beverage. I found it particularly stunning that Japan Airlines has their own kiwiapple juice blend which they call Sky Time Kiwi. Wow! All of the foods I was served were delicious. One criticism I can make of the food is that with the exception of the full meal from Tokyo to Boston, there was no choice for the meal options. That is, you got what you were served. Overall, though, it was a truly Japanese experience, and it was truly excellent. I would gladly fly with them again in the future if they offer tickets at competitive prices like they did this time.
I had a trip to Beijing with Air Macau. The first flight from Taipei to Macau. The cabin clean and new but the seat small. The service of cabin crews is bad. They never smile during the flight. When they took the meal to passengers they didnt say thanks or you are welcome. The breakfast was poor. Next flight was from Macau to Beijing. I changed aircraft and cabin crew on this flight. This aircraft is larger but the seat and service was still bad. A crew was really impatient when I wanted to buy some dutyfree items. The entertainment was poor. They didnt have movies on a three hour flight. The program was almost the same as TPEMFM flight. The third flight from Beijing to Maca  a very excellent flight. Cabin crew friendly and polite  food was delicious. My last flight from Macau to Taipei. Bad service bad food and bad entertainment. Air Macau earns a lot of money flying between Taiwan and China. I think they should improve most of their service seat pitch entertainment meal etc.. They should educate cabin crews to be more courteous to passengers. Their service is worse than EVA Air and TransAsia Airways on TPEMFM route.
  Forced my to pay for my small hard shell bag and never made it. No one answers or emails you, had to spend days trying get my bag with all of clothes. Air France could care less and not following up on thousands of lost bags. They should have company taking these to travelers. 
  Have been waiting for the refund for more than a year. My flight was supposed to be in September 2020. But it was canceled. I started to contact Georgian Airlines and in the first months, I did not receive a response from the airline at all. Then after continued pinging, they respond to me that they will refund my money and asked for my bank details. I provided this information on 11th September 2021 and then on the 15th of September, they promised that funds will be transferred within 1520 business days. On the 22nd of October, I asked them by email about my refund. They answer that it will take a little more time. After 40 working days had passed I wrote them again on 9th of November. Since then they are not answering my emails with compliance. They are completely ignoring me. It is normal for Georgian Airlines representatives to ignore you or finish the conversation in the middle. They make promiseson a regular basis and dont keep them. None of the provided dates are accurate. They are just holding up the money for no reason. I think that such actions are inappropriate. I dont recommend to anyone to buy tickets at this company. You will just lose your money and get a lot of problems.
  Our 1st flight was delayed, which led us to miss our connecting flight from JFK to London. We waited in the customer service line for about an hour and a half and were told that they had no flights for three days. They were also very rude to us. They did not offer any vouchers for food or accommodations we did ask! We were stuck in New York City with all kinds of things planned in Scotland. We called the customer service line and they were able to get us a flight the next day back to Phoenix and then to London. It took us three days to arrive to Scotland and we experienced a lot of stress and unhappiness, with absolutely no help from American Airlines. We missed a day and 12 of the trip we had planned for months. We also are out about $1,000 for incurred expenses. Upon returning home, I emailed to ask how to file a grievance, which is what the employee at JFK advised me to do. I have since heard from two people with no explanation of how to do this. The only thing that they sent is a $25 trip the credit for two of us. Im completely insulted and flabbergasted by their lack of customer service and I will not be flying American Airlines again.
  Panama City to Bogota. Flight was nice. At the gate I asked for a better seat and gave us exit. Service with chips and drinks on a short flight and even inflight entertainment. Only drawback had 30 mins delay waited for connecting passengers.
  Singapore to Shenzen. Our booking this year for our annual trip to  destinations in Asia involved a return flight from Maldives to Singapore, Shenzen, and finally LA. The booking did NOT give us any indication that transfer via Shenzen will require an entry visa and complete customs process, immigration control and rechecking in. Shenzen Airlines food is lousy, weird Chinese option that my wife and I did not eat. Entertainment consisted of watching tiny ceiling mounted screens which require everyone to watch the same program which was Chinese material. Business Class seats were the same ones we get for a basic flight from LA say to San Francisco, except this is a five hour flight. Then there was the surprise upon arrival that we are required to have China Visa. We had been told our luggage would go directly to LA and there had been no mention of visa requirements. This involved about a dozen people. Other than the airline person who dumped us off at passport control, nobody spoke English from the officer who got our passports and disappeared for about 25 minutes, to the immigration office who then stamped my passport and my wifes passport with the wrong sticker visa is a sticker with name of holder and the name on it must match information on passports photo page data. So the entire process had to be repeated. This also involved finger printing of all digits, email, US email address and phone number. Then we had to figure out mostly on our own how to get our luggage back, and take it to check in. After check in, we crawled our way to security check in which had a large line. They discovered via electronic transmission from check in area to security screening that there were batteries on our luggage and required us a stop by the inspection area. We had to wait for retrieval of our luggage and someone to inspect it, and that too took about half an hour. The few words they were able to tell us in response to my visible anger was  Sir, you have battery! Battery problem!  We dive, we have lighting gear for dives and photography that are too heavy to add to carry on. So they had us empty our luggage to inspect the batteries. By the time we went through a second screening, I was so livid I was yelling at everyone at security. When we were done, we had wasted our 3 hours layover. By then I was so heated and sweaty, the only thing I wanted was to get a shower before our 12 hour flight to LA. Get this I was able to do it because flight was delayed by a.5 hours! So we used our additional time to shower at the business class lounge. Shenzen Airlines lounge had no showers, and the Priority Pass lounge near it had no towels. I showered there and dried myself up with my own polo shirt!
  Kuala Lumpur to Brisbane via Denpasar. I didnt had change money only i had 100 USD dollars with me to buy a water bottle, i was really thirsty by that time as i was on a 10 hours long transit. When i was asking for a water bottle using that 100 USD , one staff member told me miss, i dont have change. I admit the fact that i should have bring change money but i was only asking for water not food or beverage. After 4 or 5 hours i again asked for a cup of water and this this lady told me that it is 34 malaysian rupees even knowing that i dont have change and specially she was in the kitchen and pouring some water on a small cup was not that hard. Very inhuman and cheap staff manners. I was shocked after experiencing this and i decided not to travel anymore on this airline.
  I booked a flight with Tame from Quito to Bogota, it was 07.00 in the morning, a month later my agency told me that flight time has changed, they changed from 07.00 to 21.00. new time was not acceptable for me. Just because it was early flight I chose it and paid more than other airlines. So i asked my agency to cancel the flight and get a refund. 2 Months later they made refund and i got half price of what I paid. The reason was I cancelled the flight and they deduct cancellation fee. Thats a real scam. You cannot change time more than 12 hours and ask me accept it. 
 El Salvador to Cancun via Mexico City. I had a flight from Cancun to Istanbul by Turkish Airlines to catch on March 23rd. So I bought an Interjet ticket, El Salvador to Cancun on March 18 to catch my flight. But after the Covid19 El Salvador closed the borders so I was not able to go there from Nicaragua to catch my flight. Also Turkish Airlines offered full refund or date change or open ticket or route change for free. Upon calling Interjet several times and having waited hours on the phone they didnt accept to refund me and forced me to change my flight to a different date and made me pay $35 more as price difference even though the new ticket was less than what I paid before. When I asked the agent, he told me buying and changing is different, dont expect the same prices Even while changing the date they had so many blackouts I had to buy the new ticket for the 31st of March, not a preferred date in order to avoid more price difference and few dates were left after blackouts. Then Interjet canceled all of their international flights due to travel restrictions. I was in Nicaragua and couldnt go to El Salvador anyway because of the closed borders and was looking for alternative options to reach my country. So I called the Interjet customer service again spending hours on the phone. They told me that I need to call a different number that I could never reach. So, I sent an email to the customer service explaining my situation but no reply received for almost a week. Then today tried to call the customer service several times again waiting over half an hour each time and losing connections or making me wait and never answer the phone again. Eventually I was able to talk to an agent. They offered no refund, no open ticket, no credit, no route change. Just date change with paying price difference for a flight Im not able to take. They also told me that I will lose all my rights over the ticket if I dont make the changes 24h before the supposedflight. So either pay more money for this ticket to change the date already their prices are higher than usual or forget your money Thats what they offered. When I told the agent that it is illegal as they have canceled the flight themselves and legally had to refund she said its not a cancellation because of a mechanical problem in the plane and they didnt have any responsibility as an airline. After a fruitless discussion, she wanted me to stay on hold. But after waiting for more than 1 hour I was disconnected. Final word Never fly Interjet again.
 EgyptAir Business Class MS768 Barcelona to Cairo was bad. The seat was old and uncomfortable, it barely reclined and the footrest did not work. The entertainment system on my chair didnt work. I had to change seats and even then, the sound had a hissing buzz and the screen so small that it was impossible to read or enjoy a movie. I asked for a seafood meal and I received a salad with four pieces of lettuce, two pieces of bread, fish and some fruits. Overall the meal was disappointing, but the fish fresher than normal on the same flight. The cost of the ticket is disproportionately steep because of the monopoly that the company has on the route. Given the vintage condition of the carrier, it should be priced as a nofrills low cost
Shenzhen to Yantai on a 737 which takes approx 3 hours. Shenzhen airport is not too bad but not great. Shandong Airlines is the only direct flight from SZX to YNT however with one flight per day at inconvenient times for business travellers like myself. Flight delayed 3 hours due to bad weather and the return journey 2 days later was delayed by 2 hours however with no reason provided although a meal voucher was offered at Yantai airport but food was inedible. Flight attendants are very well dressed well trained professional efficient and friendly. Seat space is typical economy however no PTVs in seats and no overhead entertainment shown either. Hopefully more competition will arise on this route in the future and newer planes perhaps would be good.
Manchester to Sharm el Sheikh return with Monarch Airlines. Plane clean and tidy on both routes, plenty of legroom at front in extra legroom part, which is where and why we fly with Monarch. Snacks range could do with expanding and MPLAYER seems absent on every plane we go on? Usual comment about Egypt being classed as short haul, therefore no entertainment but doubt it will change. But as a flight to a destination we like Monarch as they do what they say on the tin.
 Lagos to New York via Casablanca. The best airline experience I have had in a long time. I was skeptical about it and almost cancelled my flight after reading all the negative comments. The cabin crew were amazing and so polite. I cant believe that when I got to New York a RAM official was waiting for me to come get my luggage. I really dont have anything negative to say about this airline. I will recommend it to anyone. The secret is just be nice and people will be nice to you.
  Johannesburg to Lisbon via Luanda, it was my first time flying with TAAG but unfortunately it will be the last. I checked in online and booked 3 seats together, when I got to the airport I was informed my seats had to be changed. I got on board to my new seats and found the 2 of the seats were missing the entertainment screens. Cables were loose and hanging from the space where the TV screens are supposed to be. I told the air hostess and she informed she would move us once we were in the air. Once we were in the air the air hostess refused to talk to me and refused to move us. I complained and said if there is no room on economy they must move me elsewhere, again I was ignored and eventually one air hostess shouted at me that I will not be moving. I was informed the entertainment screens were not working before our flight by the staff  so they sold us seats without telling us the problems. One air hostess then apologized and said I must write in the complaints book  when I asked for it they refused to give me a pen or any of their names. Finally, the whole economy section had problems with the aircon and everyone was complaining about the heat and discomfort.
 Qantas was disappointing. It is considered a top airline, but my first experience with them on a Brisbane to Los Angeles trip was underwhelming. The plane was old and lacked adapters for charging devices, with only one USB port. Additionally, the entertainment options were limited. When requesting a drink, the crew would often bring just a can without a cup or ice, which was inconvenient. The dinner consisted of lamb with mashed potatoes, but the meat was chewy and the taste was unpleasant. The meal lacked accompanying items like bread, butter, salad, or dessert. For breakfast, served an hour before landing, the crew informed the last three rows that hot meals had run out, offering only granola and yogurt instead. This was surprising and not ideal, as I have never encountered a complete shortage of meals on a flight before. Considering the extra cost I paid for Qantas and my expectation of excellent customer service, I found their performance to be subpar compared to other airlines I have flown with.
  I was a bit concerned about terrible reviews I had been reading, so didnt know what to expect. Had just flown the first leg to Bali yesterday and was surprisingly impressed! The service was fantastic from the minute we arrived at the airport. There was quite a long line at the check in counter, however 2 minutes later anyone with carry on only luggage were invited to an express counter and we were checked in about 5 minutes later! No flight delays. Aircraft was bit dated and there was no IFE on this aircraft which was disappointing. However if it hadnt have been complimentary I wouldnt have opted for it anyway so not a problem. Seats were a little uncomfortable but again not a problem. In flight service was fantastic by the cabin crew. Drinks ordered were delivered immediately and reasonably priced. A complimentary noodle or rice dish was supplied which came at a surprise as I was quite sure a meal wasnt included. For a budget option and based on this experience, Malindo Air will be my first preference when flying to Bali from Melbourne if they are offering a fantastic fare as we got on this occasion. My overall rating is 910, and havent given 10 due to the lack of IFE. Not that it didnt have it, but only because the ticket was sold as having the IFE complimentary included although Im sure there was also a fine print somewhere! Am now holidaying and I look forward to the return flight home next week and will write another review only if it is any different to this first experience.
  This was the worst airline I have ever been on. Our flight was supposed to leave at 330 and we left around 930. It wasnt weather based it was just them be slow and terrible. Then we were boarding and we had to wait even more. Their reasoning they forgot to clean the plane. It blows my mind you can run something this poor and still have a business. 
 The worst airline I have ever flown with. I am used to budget airlines and no amenity travel so that is not the issue here. Although it was the most budget airline I have flown, the plane smelled terrible and there were old stickers all over the plane as if it was tagged. My first flight they delayed the flight by over an hour right before boarding. Odd but ok. My second flight they canceled the flight 45 minutes after their customer service number was closed. They asked me to fill out a form online in regard to my canceled flight. I did so and also called at 8 am the next day and didnt get a representative on the phone until 5 pm. I was stuck in the city. Their website says that they cover amenities if the flight is delayed longer than 4 hours and a hotel room up to $100 if it is delayed or canceled overnight. I had paid $50 for a change fee for this flight. So when I finally got in the phone with a representative I was told that the couldnt refund the change fee, they didnt know what amenities were covered and it would take 30 business days to get back to me, and that they could only issue a refund of 12 the price of the flight. I am still going back and forth with customer service because I was supposed to get an email that I could reply to directly for concerns and updates and I never received it. The average hold time for calling their center is 5 hours. I will never ever fly this airline again.
After arriving to Nadi from Los Angeles and I had a connecting flight to Labasa. After checking at the counter, I was told to place my carry on in a basket to check the size. When my carry on didnt fit the basket I was told to pay $90. I explained that I have a connecting flight from LAX and this particular carry on was good and met the cabin size she refused to listen to me and demanded that I pay the said amount.  Baggage Information
  San Francisco to Paris. Got to the Airport 3 hours early and when the counter opened I checked my bag and even though a little over on weight said it was not a problem. The seating was tight but not nasty small.  Im 511 and weigh 210lbs. Plane was new and clean with no nasty odors. All seats had a small blue blanket in plastic packaging. the inflight entertainment was good with menu choices from using your laptopphone to output video on your screen to cameras on the nose and tail to see where you are going, to a choice of about 30 movies plus a few TV programs. Still not too shabby for the $180.00 seat price. You also can order duty free stuff and also munchies from the video screen menu  chips are 2 EU, and you can buy 2 small bottles of jack Daniels and 2 chips for 10.00 but no different from other airlines these days! The flight was good and bathrooms were clean. The Cabin crew spoke mostly French but were fine.. by the end of 11 hours the seats were feeling a little bit hard. Just keep in mind that I think most folks miss, especially those who have flown to Europe before, this is not a $2000 flight. Its basically a nice clean seat on a bus. Bring snacks or a sandwich with you along with a neck pillow. I even had the chance to talk to the flight crew including the pilot who was from Madrid. Very nice crew.
  Beijing to Seattle. I was sitting for over ten hours and I felt relatively no aches or pains during the whole trip due my seat. However, the flight attendants were not quite organized or consistent. For example, they served one meal from the front to the back and the other meal from the back to the front. Overall the flight was pretty good taking into account the food and drink selection.
  We went from Zakynthos to Athens on Aegean, then Athens to Naxos on Sky Express. We were told in Zakynthos by Aegean that we would need to get our tickets for Sky Express once we landed in Athens. We landed 2 hours before our Sky Express flight. We went up to a Sky Express counter and one of the ladies completely ignored us. We kept trying to talk to her and she just kept turning away. The other one said she couldnt help us because we werent on her flight after we waited 20 minutes just to get her to acknowledge us. I told her I just needed to know where to get my boarding pass for my flight. She said I couldnt get them until my gate opened. When my gate opened I was the 1st in line. The woman there was the rudest of all. She said I couldnt check in 30 minutes before my flight. I explained everything from my whole morning and how I had tried to check in several times. She called someone twice and I had to explain to her several times as she reprimanded me that I tried to check in every chance I got. She was not kind or helpful in any way.  She finally printed our boarding pass. It took her less than a minute to print them. That was after she spent 10 full minutes telling us she couldnt and that we should have gone to any sky express counter earlier to check in. Even though I did that and couldnt get anyone to help me. So much stress, so little customer service.
  Puerto Galera to Manila. I purchased my ticket 4 months in advance and got the Super Saver rate. The night before the flight, Air Juan emailed me and informed me that the flight was cancelled due to extended Aircraft Maintenance Inspection. I later found out that the flight did go as scheduled. I can only assume that Air Juan sold my ticket for more money and cancelled my Super Saver ticket. I had to take a bus and boat to get to my destination. On the return flight, Air Juan rescheduled my flight from 100pm to 810am. Again, the flight at 100pm did depart. I can only assume they had an empty seat on the 810am flight and moved me as they can sell the 100pm flight for more money. The plane and pilot were very good on the return flight. Dont buy a Super Saver fair and expect Air Juan to honor it!
As I arrived in JNB from Cape Town I noticed that my flight to Luanda was cancelled. No explanation from anybody I found out that all TAAG flights earlier the week was cancelled. Just to be told tomorrows flight will be first come first serve I had to arrange and pay for my own accommodation in JNB. Next day check in at 09h00was informed plane was late sit at the airport until that afternoon. No food or drinks was offered to the passengers only boarded plane at 1800. I noticed my booked seat was taken I showed my pass to one staff member and I were pushed into another seat staff very rude and unhelpful. Onboard entertainment poor.
  Istanbul to Dubai. Worst airline in the world.  Extremely rude. Paid for 25 kg of luggage nut they said its not in their system. Paid for better seats got regular seats. Charged $180 extra for nothing. Run, dont walk, away from this airline
  In Iceland, Norwegian told me that I had not to see after my luggage in Oslo, but that it would be transported to the final destination. In Oslo,  I learned that this information is wrong. So I had to fetch my luggage, and check it in again. I was among the first to get my luggage, still I was not able to make it in time to the checkin counter, but was 1 minute late and denied boarding. I had to wait until the evening to get another plane. This was a business trip, so it was tightly planned, and Norwegian scheduled the flights, but they miscalculated their own flights.  I am not going to use Norwegian again if I can avoid it.
Three flights scheduled with LAN Peru all problematic. First Lima to Puerto Maldonado on August 13. Left Lima 1 hour late. Explanation  tire burst. Next Puerto Maldonado to Cuzco on August 15. A couple of hours after check in flight was cancelled due to mal tiempo en Cusco. At least LP took me to a hotel by bus paid for the room and gave me vouchers for dinner and breakfast. Next morning they took me to the airport and put me on a Tans Peru flight to Cuzco where the hotel and the travel agent both assured me there had been no bad weather the previous day. Finally Juliaca to Lima on August 20. An hour after check in flight was cancelled. LP refused to pay for hotel because we dont have the money. Never mind that most of the passengers were foreign tourists who had just come over from Puno and were unfamiliar with Juliaca. Next morning LP scheduled a special flight to Lima that left an hour late.
  Mauritius to Paris CDG. Check in process was slow with long queues, even though I was using the priority check in queue, only two desks were open to handle 4 Air Mauritius departures, in total the wait was around 40 minutes to check in, however when I finally got to the check in desk the process was efficient. The lounge experience is detailed separately. At the departure gate, the process was chaotic. There were 9 gate staff standing around but only two actually doing any work. The staff were unfriendly and didnt want to engage with the passengers. They gave the impression that they didnt want to be there doing the job and did not come up to the Air Mauritius standard for customer service. This lowers the overall rating given. The gate staff began releasing passengers before the crew were ready to receive them. I was the first passenger to the aircraft and had to wait on the air bridge for 5 minutes while the cabin crew finished their cabin preparations. Once on board, the cabin crew were what I had become accustomed to with Air Mauritius, they were friendly, welcoming and helpful and are a credit to the airline. This A340300 was one of the refitted aircraft and the cabin was very nice. This aircraft now has lie flat beds in business and the interior is now similar to the A350, minus WiFi. Seats are comfortable. Food and beverage service was good and the food was surprisingly delicious. The departure time was 2230 so it was late to eat a main meal, but non the less it was good. Breakfast was served 90 minutes prior to landing and was adequate. Its difficult to make airline breakfasts anything special. I didnt use the IFE but there did appear to be a good selection of films to watch.
  We were scammed into paying $250 for luggage fees. We got to the airport 3 hours early, and were not able to get into the gate until 10 minutes before boarding time because it was blocked off by a partition. Once they let the line of people into the gate area, we were told we would have to pay $250 for our carryons because they were heavier than 10kg, even though we paid online to check a bag in advance. But the agent told us we would have to check the bag downstairs, and since the flight was about to leave we didnt have time to check our bags so we had to pay. We also hardly received any water while on the flight. My wife is pregnant and had to ask the flight attendant multiple times on the 12 hour flight just for a glass of water.
June 2013 from Singapore to Tioman and back. Airplane was a Dash7. Interior of the plane was in horrible condition dirty walls sticky arm rests. The arm rest of a seat was fixed with glue. Flight took about 40min. The cabin crew served a bottle of water and some nuts. I can recommend the airline if you can ignore the obvious lack of cleaning inside the plane.
  Every flight with Eurowings ends to more disappointing experience than the previous one. Delays are not a surprise anymore but a fact. If you ever book a Eurowings flight, dont schedule anything else for the same day. You would have at least 4050 minutes of delay. At the moment. I am entering my 150. minute of my delay. It is just frustrating.
  Chiang Mai to Bangkok. Flight departed on time. Every thing was in order and comfortable for a short flight like 1 hours 15 minutes. The snacks which was served were high standards.
 Regarding the aircraft and seat The business class seats on this flight were pretty good. All were of the suite type, where every seat has its own booth with sliding door for extra privacy. The downside to this is that if you are travelling as a couple, its quite difficult to interact. There is ample storage and USB charging ports. The seat is pretty comfortable. As someone who finds it very difficult to sleep on flights, this was one of the only times Ive been able to get a few minutes sleep here and there. The amenities provided are pretty average when compared to other airlines. The leather toiletry bag was quite nice though. No slippers, only a pair of socks. The restrooms on the flight are very small, and dont provide much in the way of toiletries compared to other airlines. No free WiFi in Business Class is not acceptable. Another example of BAs penny pinching in recent years. Regarding the staff and customer service Poor. Inattentive. Beyond meal times there was offer of water during the flight. I had to go and find an attendant and ask. There was also no offer of any snacks. Rude at times. My partner asked for a fork to be replaced as the one provided was quite clearly dirty. The attendant was incredibly rude in response. This left us shocked. Different customers seem to receive a different quality of service. A customer behind me was repeatedly greeted politely by name and asked how they were, whether they needed anything etc. whereas my partner and I were not afforded the same level of personal service. This is disappointing as we paid the same price for the tickets so expect the same level of service. The food was pretty bad. I had risotto while my partner had chicken. Both were extremely over cooked and the rice looked like porridge. The vegetables were discoloured and flavourless. The bread was nice though. The breakfast wasnt much better. Summary BA has become the Ryanair of long haul. The customer service is way below what I would expect for a premium airline in a premium seat. You pay a premium price for a very average service. If there are other options available I would choose them over BA these days.
We flew on Cubana to Hrvana via Holguin check in was chaotic. The plane was very old no inflight entertainment and food was not that great either. You have pay for any extra hard or soft drinks. The staff were very old compared to other airlines. The return on was worse. The plane had a fault and we had to wait for another plane. We were kept at the airport for over 8 hours with one sandwich and 1 drink. No toilet paper in the toilets and no inflight entertainment. Please do not book unless you have no choice.
After a fraught day missing a flight from Paris CDG and being rerouted to Genoa via Munich we boarded a well presented Air Dolomiti aircraft only to hear a message from the Captain that there would be a 20 minute delay waiting for passengers from Amsterdam. After they eventually arrived he again came on the intercom to say that he realized we had a cruise liner to meet and he would expedite the flight  and he did flying it like a light aircraft to reduce a 90 minute flight to a 48 minute flight  congratulations to him! The cabin crew were 3 smartly dressed young ladies and the purser was almost in tears when she was the one to tell us that our luggage was not onboard. The snack was, rather strangely, a cellophane wrapped apple but they insisted on us having a second Prosecco to cheer us up. Then when we landed they came to assist us with our baggage claim  service indeed!
  Guangzhou to Vancouver via Beijing booked for midApril. The worst airline I have ever seen. Air China doesnt care their customers and just want to get money from their customers. Refund policy is ridiculous and try to cheat customers. When you call customer service, the only thing they said is there is nothing I can do. Will 100 not to choose this airline ever again
  I once enjoyed flying with Spirit a handful of years ago but more recently I am extremely dissatisfied and disappointed in their service since giving them another shot. Yes the flights are less expensive than others listed but that doesnt include baggage fees and if you eat or drink on your flight. The amount paid for baggage on each flight including our connection is enough for another flight or 2, its outrageous. They also damaged one of our bags and the whole handle to hold it and roll it along is broken off, who knows if they will actually provide a refund for that even though they claim to do so. We called to get that taken care of and were ignored. There were also no power outlets on any of our flights to charge any devices. I have never been more miserable flying than I have been with Spirit this time around. We will never fly with this company again and will encourage others to look elsewhere also.
  I flew from Berlin Brandenburg Airport to New York JFK Airport and back to Berlin Brandenburg Airport in September 2022 for my vacation. As soon as I landed back to Berlin Brandenburg Airport from my holiday in New York, I noticed that my checkedin luggage did not arrive at the airport. The airline lost my luggage between, it was very difficult to get through to them after not answering emails and calls, then after about 2 weeks, they located my luggage. However, then it took them another 23 weeks for them to deliver my luggage because their service is horrible and they were not getting in touch with me regarding my address and information. I tried so many times to call and get an answer from them or an email to check about why my located luggage is not being sent to me, however no answer whatsoever. After contacting some workers on LinkedIn I managed to get some info and got my luggage delivered to me finally! However, when I went to pickup my luggage, I found it partially damaged. Obviously I asked for a compensation form and filled in the amount which was due for items which I had to buy that were in my luggage through the duration that it was missing for about a month. I bought basic day to day stuff like underwear, pants, socks and shirt and some liquids, which amounted to only around 200 euros. Also, I listed down the cost which was due to me for my broken luggage. However, their customer service, afterwards told me that since I got my luggage back, I am due to no money back whatsoever on items that I bought. Absolutely horrible after all the stress and hassle they passed me through with lots of my stuff missing. Thats not all of it, the cherry on top of the cake is that they blamed me for not having a durable enough luggage to withstand transit and that they will not refund for my broken luggage which they broke due to them not doing a simple task of handling my checkedin luggage properly. Horrible experience and customer service. I do not recommend this airline.
  Melbourne to Sydney cancelled.  Thanks Tiger for messing us around again. Up early to get flight. Two adults and four children. Flight cancelled. Poor notification. Walked to Tiger terminal to be told to go back to Virgin Terminal. Now on a Virgin flight. Go to Virgin. They know nothing about it. Waiting waiting. Two hours later still not checked in.
  New York to Delhi via Kuwait. Water Bottle not provided in the flight so every time you want to drink water you have to call the flight attendant and she will bring a small glass of water for you. Flight delayed 1.5 Hr and second time it delayed 12 hr. They forgot my luggage in Kuwait, though it had a tag of Delhi. They are not picking my call. Vegetarian food is not available, you have to give special order for vegetarian food. Mostly food was halal and pork free. Too much of crowd, if you are travelling in economic class you have to be in a long queue for every checkin boarding. Blanket will be provided to those who ask for it. It was WiFi equipped but paid so I dont know how was the speed. For entertainment it had decent number of nice movies. Movies in english Islamic Hindi but subtitles available only is Arabic. Announcement were mainly in Arabic and English. 
  Tunis to London. The worst airline I have ever travelled. Planes both outbound and inbound were old with no inboard entertainment, appalling food, disgusting state of seats and drop down tray. The food was cold, out of date and not trying to attract any other passenger than Tunisian. Can we have some butter with our dry roll? No! Any milk to have with the teacoffee? No! Would like a red wine and a rose wine? We have beer. As you can tell, cabin crew all male clearly did not go to charm school. As far as toilets were concerned thought I was entering a swimming poolfoot bath with water on the floor. Notified crew but no action taken.
  Terrible experience. We booked and paid in advance for my daughter to have an escorted flight from Hamburg to Bristol as she is only 13. When we arrived at the airport we were informed that this service was not available. We therefore had to remain at the airport until she was ready to board however, having not expected to be in this situation and therefore not having our passports with us, we were unable to be with her in the boarding lounge. The flight was delayed by over 3 hours, so having arrived at 1130hrs for a 1320hrs flight, we ended up having to remain at the airport until 1700hrs when her flight eventually boarded. During the interim period there was no information on what was happening with the flight or whether indeed it would leave that day until 20 minutes before boarding. When she arrived in Bristol, once again there was no escort available and she was escorted through by a steward from another airline. When I complained about the failure to honour the service booked and requested compensation, this was initially agreed by email, but the flight delay compensation refused. When I pointed out our statutory right this was then reversed and the only compensation for the flight delay paid, after nearly 2 months. They didnt even reimburse the cost of the meal, which we were entitled to due to the delay and refused to enter into any further correspondence once the flight delay compensation was paid.
 My flight with Citilink was actually great even though it was 40 minutes late due to operational issue It is very rare because Citilink is always on time. The cabin crew were friendly and the seat is comfortable enough. The legroom is fine.
  Samara to Moscow. Ive flown a lot of budget airlines in my life, but Ive never flown one as bad as this. At checkin we were told to put our cabin bag into a metal container to see whether it fit the cabin bag policy. It did, fantastic. Not our first time on a budget airline as we made sure ours was compliant. But then the our checkin person tried to close a lid on our bag! At first we were a bit confused, then we we realised that our RyanairEasyjetAir Asia cabin sized bag had to fit into this tiny box Ive attached some pictures which I honestly doubt a standard sized knapsack could fit into. We then realised we werent alone in complaining about this. The staff were unsurprisingly unhelpful and told us it was in the TCs. After much scrolling, we found it and by the way, its not obvious. The only suggestion was the stated dimensions of the hand luggage which gave it way. Hence, we and essentially 95 of the flight had to march to the office on another floor to purchase checkin luggage allowance. If you want to limit cabin luggage to tiny dimensions, make it explicit so consumers can make an informed choice. Fellow travellers, dont make my mistake.
  Entebbe to Johannesburg via Nairobi. The crew was very hospitable and polite. Good time management as well. However the crew responsible for announcements should stop eating the words and try to be more audible.
  Paris to Bristol. Friday 20 July flight from CDG T3 was delayed and eventually cancelled after three hours. I only realised something was happening when l noticed some of the passengers were getting on the airport bus and when I enquired what was happening, the ground crew told us to go to T2A to get the 2145 BA flight to LHR and then another flight to Bristol. Then we were turfed out in Arrivals to make our own way to T2A. When I eventually found the BA customer services desk in the depths of the terminal the rude woman on customer services denied all knowledge of the arrangement and turned me away. I am now on my way back into Paris and frantically trying to find a way of getting home this weekend. BMI already owe me the statutory Eur 250 from a flight they cancelled without notice several months ago. Itll be no surprise to learn that they havent responded or paid up. BMI are a truly awful airline.Paris to Bristol.
  FlyDubai is one of the worst airlines I have ever traveled with. Their prices are extremely high, the seats are so uncomfortable. In addition, the flight took an hour more than the usual. The hostess was so unfriendly and mean. The exit seats were all empty and we were not allowed to sit there as we had to pay extra money.
Doncaster to Monastir. We were supposed to take off at 1650  ended up leaving at 0120 next day. The airline did issue £25 pound meal vouchers whilst we waited. Seats were broken. The trays on back of seats in front were broken. No TV no Radio. Food was cold. Toilet would not flush. Seat pockets ripped and broken. Was glad to land and get off. But coming back not much better  food rubbish no butter for bread roll no milk not even powdered for coffee.
  Aeromexico is the worst for customer service. They changed our flight to include an overnight stay in Mexico City without offering any help in getting accommodation. When I made inquiries, they made all types of excuses and would not take responsibility for their actions, let alone offer any help whatsoever. Also, they refused to transfer our luggage in Mexico City, so we had to carry it with us to and from the hotel. The staff at their call centre where condescending, rude and abrupt. The same with the staff at the airport. As well, our luggage was damaged and we were lucky that the contents were not damageddestroyed. 
Took a quick 45min flight from Athens to one of the Greek Isles Milos and was pleasantly surprised. A very good price, both tofrom flights departed on time, cabin crews were extremely friendly and did a quick beverage service. The flight is by propeller plane plane itself was dated and has maybe 20 seats total, and does bus to runway boarding. Overall a very good experience and was the same price, though like 4 hours faster than taking a ferry from Athens so Id definitely recommend the trip.
 Absolutely shocking service. If I ran my company the way they did, Id be out of business. Our flight was due to leave at 18.05, they waited until 18.25 to say the flight was cancelled and couldnt get us on another flight until the following day. We were then told to head back to baggage collection to collect our cases, and proceed to checkin to arrange the hotel. This would have been straightforward if they hadnt made us wait 2.5 hours to get our bags back. We then had to make our way to the hotel, most of that was guess work, only to find out our so called food voucher wasnt available for use in any of the hotel restaurants. They tried to palm us off with either fish or curry in a separate room and it wasnt being served until after 2130. Travelling with children, this really isnt a fair deal. We were then informed we had been transferred onto the 0630 flight the following morning, I mean come on, not eating until after 2130 with children, then trying to sort cases etc and be up for 0330 the following morning to make the flight, absolute joke! To make things even more hilarious, my friend was travelling on the Aer Lingus flight to Glasgow around the same time we were due to fly, they were 20 mins from landing and they turned back due to a technical fault. So travelling back 40 minutes was safer than the 20 mins to Glasgow!! Clearly they dont want to have a plane stranded in Glasgow, as it would cost more than the inconvenience to the full flight of passengers.
22nd Feb 2014 Tenerife South and Brussels Charleroi. I considered the price to be quite expensive. Checkin consisted of 2 lines operated by a combination of uniformed TUI staff and an Iberia uniformed agent too. The lines moved quickly and efficiently. I had reserved my seat online and paid extra for a seat the front of the plane. The cabin crew were very pleasant polite and multilingual. However passengers were allowed to take far too much hand luggage on board and this was a problem both when boarding and when exiting the flight. There had been a catering strike in Belgium and so the catering I had paid for online was not quite what was served. I was offered an exceptionally watered down cup of stained milk otherwise known as tea! This was additional to the very disappointing meal I had paid €8 for online. My seat was wafer thin at the back and I could feel every kick from the screaming baby behind me. The aircraft used was a 737800. It included two small screens at the front of the aircraft near the door on which an interactive map chartered out the route from Tenerife to Brussels. I saw during the flight the cabin crew seat aside food for themselves. I also noted that the crew had poor discipline over the passengers. Disembarkation was one of the worst I have seen in years as the crew were oblivious to the couple with the screaming baby who blocked the aisle and also prevented passengers from removing their belongings from two of the overheard lockers. The young cabin crew attempted a polite farewell to passengers and did their best under a grey Belgian sky.
Legroom in economy on the almost new Airbus 319 is terrible unless you are really short  I didnt think they made planes with such a tight configuration any more. FA are completely hit and miss. Wine service is nonexistent. Pretty dreadful really.
  Singapore to Delhi. I did not actually fly with the airline. I did purchase a ticket before the flight was changed without any option to cancel or modify further. The return flight was also pushed back a day and there was no accommodation arranged for the additional night I would need to stay. Cancelling or modifying through the website would incur a hefty fee. I reached out to them via email and the first response came after two weeks and there was no response since. The only option was to reach out to their call center. It took about 15 minutes $30 of international call to get through the lines and finally get the ticket cancelled and refunded. Even then, the agent was unwilling to give a full refund until I made it clear I had no choice and they changed the flight without my permission. I would suggest never flying with them.
Flights on time. Baggage handling was fine this time around. Snacks were provided. Toilets were clean, overall inflight experience was fine, if not better than my previous flights with American AirlinesUS Airways. I would fly with this carrier again.
Booked DubaiPuneDubai in Jan 2014 however had to change the DubaiPune leg of the journey. My return journey PuneDubai was a nightmare. On arriving at the airport in the early hours of the morning I realized that my flight had been delayed for reasons unknownunannounced to me. Then delayed 40 minutes in the security check line because other domestic flights need to be released earlier. After much delay I arrive at the final gate only to see no information displayed about my flight. Its delayed further. No one at any counter to enquire for any information. Felt relieved when the announcement to board was being made but there was more to come we were made to sit inside the aircraft as the pilots did not have clearance from ATC. It turned out to be for an hour or more until we finally were given clearance to fly. So a trip which I chose on purpose to save time and money did everything else but those two things.
  7am flight scheduled was cancelled late the night before. Received an email after 920pm the night before, which was after retiring to bed for the night to be up at 0430 in the morning. Went to the airport for check in and was notified about the cancelled flight. I was given alternative flight choices including driving 2 and a half hours to Boston and paying $175.00 to park there for my trip duration. Instead, chose a later flight, completely changing my itinerary and now unable to choose seats on my connecting flights. My husband and I may not get to sit together and may be stuck in a middle seat surrounded by strangers. Also was charged $30 for a checked bag even though I specifically called and spoke with someone from the airline the previous day to confirm that we had free checked bags.
  My husband and I were on our honeymoon returning from Santorini to Athens with the same luggage we carried when we flew into Santorini. When we booked our flights, we paid for extra baggage and weight, just to get to the boarding gate and be told that my carryon suitcase was too big. I have a universal standard size carryon. Although these fees were paid upfront when booking, we had to pay an additional 50 euros to check in a carryon at the boarding gate. The gate agent was very rude and had no sympathy or tried looking at our reservation to see everything we initially paid for. This company does not abide by its own bag policy and some people were let on the plane with the same size carryon that I had. Its very contradicting that I was able to fly into Santorini without being charged for my carryon but returning, hit with a baggage fee. Literally almost everyone boarding the flight ended up paying the extra fees. There has to be some type of commission these gate agents are getting because Ive never experienced anything like this from all airlines Ive flown on.
US Airways from New York JFK to Charlotte was horrible. Just watched as they made at least 20 people check their carry on, because no more space available in overhead. Then walked on the plane to see many empty overhead compartments. A lot of lost bags for no reason! Get your information correct before inconveniencing so many.
JFK to Tel Aviv recently. It was one of the most uncomfortable flights I have ever taken. The plane was a Boeing 767  kind of small for such a long trip. Israir tries to make up for this by packing in as many passengers as they possibly can. The rows were way too close together. I am not a tall person and I was completely squished. When the person in front of me reclined even a little bit the back of his seat was pressing against my knees. The staff tried to be nice but they were apparently finding it difficult because the passengers were so grumpy and uncomfortable. During my visit to Israel I also took a domestic Israir flight from TelAviv to Eilat. No complaints about that one.
Flew Peruvian Airlines from Lima to Cusco, flight was delayed 7 hours. Flight from La Paz to Lima was delayed 6 hours. They appear to intentionally overschedule and then combine flights as they please, leaving customers stranded at airports with little information and hours of delays. Its incredibly frustrating to watch all other flights take off while Peruvian seems utterly unconcerned about inconveniencing the customers. The fact that their slogan is puntualidad y servicio is some kind of joke. Seats are very cramped, and the flights have been shaky although Im unsure if thats because of the altitude and climate.
  Tried to move my flight because I knew it was raining hard in LA and wouldnt be able to land. Airline wouldnt let me change my flight. Got on the flight and got to LA and circled around the air for two hours and re routed and landed in Tijuana at 12am. No announcements in English, only in Spanish. I didnt know what was going on and thought I landed in LA, to find out Im still in Mexico. No voucher, no compensation. Employees kept lying to us about having the baggage and we had to wait 9 hours until 9am just to find out its still in Mexico City. No water fountain in bag claim area. They told us theyre flying ppl out to LA in the morning and the people who waited for the flight actually got taken back to Mexico city not LA.  Now Im waiting at LAX to pick up my bags for two hours and the employee tells me I have to wait until all the check ins are done to get my bag. 
Long waits and delays, poor check in service, they had lost our booking. If you try to eat the cardboard bread roll youll need the bottle of water, take your own inflight movie, as there is none.
  Do not fly with Viva Air. I have traveled with quite a few agencies, but this is the most intransigent and unethical I know of on the market. Their economic cost does not compensate for the terrible service they offer. On the Lima to Cuzco route, my carryon bag was measured and I was allowed to travel because the excess of 2 cm seriously 2 cm was from the suitcase design. Upon return, they made me remove the straps from the backpack because the manager happened to measure the excess with a ruler, leaving my backpack damaged.  Wait a bit or pay a few more estimated dollars.  No vuelen con Viva Air!! He viajado con bastantes agencias, pero esta es la ms intransigente y poco tica que conozco del mercado. Su costo econmico no compensa el psimo servicio que ofrecen. En la ruta Lima a Cuzco se me midi la maleta de mano y se me permiti viajar porque el excedente de 2 cm en serio 2 cm era del diseo de la maleta. Al retorno, me hicieron desmontar los fierros de la mochila porque al encargado se le ocurri medir con una regla ese excedente, quedando estropeada mi mochila.  Esperen un poco o pague unos dlares ms estimados
  Norwegian changed our return ticket 1 day after arriving on Crete and removed 3 days of holiday. From 10 to 7 days holiday and even though there were several other flights we could have taken the same day as we were supposed to go they just didnt care and just presented us with a guntothehead policy, where we either could choose to stay in Crete or go back 3 days earlier. The kids who had their first real holiday in years are devastated. And just for the record  I had already contacted Norwegian several times before to be sure there were no issues with our tickets in these corona times.
  Cologne to St Petersburgh. Starting with my booking some weeks ago the experience was quite normal, booked a cheap flight with a lowcost carrier. After reading the baggage allowance, I noticed I must pay an additional fee to take my trolley with me up to 10kg, everything was fine. Some days before my flight, I wanted to checkin online to save time at the airport. It was time for the first surprise, online checkin was only available for flight departing from VKO in Moscow. Okay never mind so I took a train earlier and arrived two hours before at the airport. There was already the big queue because only three desks were opened. I was wondering what all people doing with this blue bagsizers, how they call it. The carryon item is only allowed to be 36x30x27cm, if the item is only one cm bigger, you must pay. Yes, for them it is not longer a fee they changed the wording to punishment, fair enough. The check in agent was very unfriendly and does not say anything like Have a good flight, etc. There were just waiting for possibilities to punish you with an additional fee. Walking to the gate, I checked Flightradar and saw that our airplane is at least thirty minutes delayed. No information, nothing! Boarding was planned at 1830 and surprise, the boarding call started at 1830, I was wondering how it is possible to board if the airplane has not even landed. Again the information if your hand luggage and Duty Free Item does not fit in the bagsizer you have to pay a punishment of 30,€ and of course it was again checked, because your bag may have increased while shopping in the airport. After boarding you were squeezed in a very small part at the airport and waiting for the airplane, so you had to stand one hour until boarding via bus started. And there was no information at all, old people, family with children etc. had to stand one hour queued. Finally, we reached the aircraft, at least it was a modern aircraft, again unfriendly staff guided you to boarding as fast as possible. Again, an information for you, take the seat on your boarding pass, even if there are free seats, if you changed the seat it was time for  exactly! Another punishment. No seat pockets are usual in lowcost carriers, no problem at all but I was wondering where the menu card is? Maybe they handle them after departure to the passengers. After the seatbelt signs were switched off the flight attendants distributed their inflight magazine, but it wasnt more than an advertising paper. Some experienced passengers began to call the flight attendants, because if you press the Call Button they will bring you a small glass with water free of charge. But there was no Board Bistro, Board Shop, nothing. So, if you did not take anything with you, you may fly hungry or thirsty. Strange business policy, normally lowcost carrier earn money buy selling products on board. But Pobeda airlines policy is to punish you as most as possible. For me it was the first and last time flying that airline, for me it is the worst airline in the world.
PRGMSQPRG. The service was good and crew friendly. The food average but tasty aircraft B737500 but a little tired. Both flights on time. Nothing special but no complains. Codeshared flight with Czech Airlines.
Arik Air seem to have no idea of what customer service means and how their scheduling problems adversely affect the lives of their passengers. Arik Air schedule a return flight from Accra to Lagos for 1745. the flight almost never leaves Accra before 2100 Accra Time which means that you arrive in Lagos at 2330 at the earliest there are instances of the passengers finding themselves going home from the airport at 2am Lagos time. So a journey that is supposed to be a 45min flight now becomes 6 hours with no consideration of customer comfort from the airline. On the evening flight from Lagos to Accra I have experienced similar delays with no information coming from the Arik ground Staff for almost 3hours. I had to call the Arik Reservations line to get information repeatedly. In Accra no information is given on the delay no provision is made from refreshments or for the comfort of Arik passengers and on top of that you get treated like a nuisance because you have to ask repeatedly on the status of the flight as no information is given either over the information system or by Arik Ground staff.
Flew Stockholm to Helsinki. Booked a business class flight through Eurobonus miles to find that there is in fact no business class and was in fact in premium economy. The difference between this and economy on the 40 minute hop comprises a glass of wine or a beer. All pretty disappointing. The plane was on time I guess.
Blue Islands really do make the customer feel special and not like cattle herded onto a plane. Staff are most courteous and booking online is quick and simple with no hidden charges. Give me Blue Islands airways any day of the week. Just a pity Blue Islands dont fly to Bournemouth from Jersey anymore  but you cant have everything.
  I wish I had read reviews before purchasing a flight from Spirit Airlines. I thought I was getting a bargain on bringing my bike for $75 round trip. Turns out that was only one way, so it was actually $150 round trip, but that was just the beginning. After multiple gate and time changes, my return flight was cancelled at 2a. I stood in line for 2 plus hours with other people from a total of four cancelled flights. By 430a, I was rebooked on the earliest flight available, the red eye that night. I spent money on a Lyft back to the area of the city that I was familiar with, and was lucky enough by 8a to connect with a friend who let me charge my phone and laptop at their office so I could book a place to shower and nap. If my time itself is not included, I lost $350 on an AirBnB, Lyft rides and meals. If you value my time spent on this endeavor, and I do, add on another $240. Altogether taking a chance on Spirit Airlines cost me an extra $437 paid for nonexistent wifi access on return flight, bike return, extra meals, place to stay and cabLyft rides out of pocket and another minimum $240 in opportunity costs. So not only did I not save money, I spent way more on this Spirit Airlines trip than booking my trip on American Airlines would have cost me. On a positive note, I interacted with over a dozen polite, cheerful and helpful employees of the airline. Two were obnoxiously rude and antagonistic, one so much so that because of her alone I would hesitate to fly with Spirit Airlines again. However they were so many other friendly and helpful employees that deserve a positive review. I hope good things come their way.
A great no frills, low cost airline. I highly recommend for little interisland hops around the Channel Islands. However I am prompted to write a review today due to really appalling customer service via telephone this week. A tetchy member of staff, a very poor line or as I suspect chin to mouth piece a stroppy, irritated response when I could not hear well, a curt reply to my inquiry and the phone going dead before I could scarcely say thank you and good bye. Courtesy costs nothing. I await my next flight in trepidation and am giving a high score for previous trips and polite, well mannered staff.
 Prague to Ostrava 60 minutes is sometimes merged with Prague to Koice 90 minutes into a single flight Prague to Koice with a stopover in Ostrava, which adds some 30 to 40 minutes to total flight time for passengers to Koice. On January 12, however, CSATravel Service came up with something new Prague to Ostrava via Koice. The normally 60minute flight to Ostrava thus took 3 hours and 30 minutes! Passengers to Ostrava were taken all the way to Koice, made to leave the aircraft there, then to board again 20 minutes later and only brought to their destination on the way back to Prague. Huge savings for the carrier, zero respect to cargo. Sorry, I mean to passengers, mainly homeward business travelers on a Friday afternoon. I am appalled at the level of arrogance displayed by the once respectable national carrier. If informed in time, I could have opted for a train ride, which would have brought me home earlier and at a fraction of the cost while pampering me with all the comforts of a modern speed train like WiFi, royal amounts of legroom, nice onboard service and a well stocked dining car. Instead, I was confronted by the grim reality only at the gate minutes before boarding. No options, no choice, no apology, no compensation. Just a matteroffactly answer to my astonished question Yes, you will fly via Koice. And one more thing the food included in my fare was not served, which is why I checked NA below.
 As per new rules they follow, passengers who traveling on Ethiopian Airlines must hold return ticket only with Ethiopian airlines to get boarding pass. Actually my return ticket was with Qatar Airways. If they follow the rules, should inform very earlier to passengers those who travel in Ethiopian Airlines. Ground staff at Chennai who are responsible to explain the reason why they denied to issue boarding pass must be polite with customers.
  Moscow to Sochi. Flying Yakutia Airlines for the first time, I did not know what to expect. I flew economy, which allows you one incabin piece of luggage up to 10 kg within size restrictions. Boarding the aircraft, the first thing I noticed was the 737800s aisle was very narrow. The aircraft was showing wear. I noticed the seats had ashtrays! And the twoplug receptacles for headphones however, no inflight entertainment was offered. How old was this aircraft? That said, there was more legroom than I expected, so it was not too uncomfortable. The seat only had an airline safety card  no magazine and no airsickness bags They distributed airsickness bags to people on landing approach. The flight left a few minutes late. When airborne, a sandwich was served. Bland chicken and cheese. When I asked for some water after the beverage service had passed, the unfriendly flight attendant acted as if I had asked for the world. The flight was relatively uneventful until the end. Our approach to Sochi was during clear skies, yet the landing was rough ... right wheel first, the left, then a hard nose down. Passengers let out a gasp as we shuddered down the runway before the pilot smoothed out our landing. I wonder if because of the age of the aircraft that it was lacking the state of the art avionics that most aircraft have which make such landings rare nowadays. I fly relatively frequently and it has been a long time since I had such a landing. In the end, we made it safely. For a nationalregional midtosmall airline I would rank it as average. It was what you expect when flying economy on such a carrier.
  Just returned from Orlando to London Gatwick with Norwegian. This was a last minute booking as we had an emergency back home, I was doubtful about using this airline however due to the issue back home I had little choice so we booked with them. I can honestly state that my doubts were unfounded and we had a very easy pleasant flight, everything went as it should. Food was as expected for airline food. We will definitely use this airline again without hesitation. Well done to you all at Norwegian keep up the good work.
SW286 in economy in mid December 2014. Ive taken this flight a number of times over the past 10 years this ranked as one of the better experiences by far. First and most important Air Namibia is now using a pair of relatively new leased Airbus 330200s on this route. The difference between this and the old Airbus Boeing 747s and MD8s are striking. The passenger cabin is clean relatively modern and well lit. The seats have seatback entertainment systems. I travel with an iPad preloaded with movies I want to watch so I cant speak to the entertainment menu itself. The food was relatively bland  simple but edible. They serve a breakfast close to landing but its not up to much. Seat comfort  I was in 20H on the aisle adjacent to the bathrooms. Seat doesnt recline but there is no electrical box under the seat in front of you in row H. Flight departed FRA on time and arrived Windhoek 15 minutes early. The flight attendants were for the most part polite efficient and attentive without being fussy or cloying. This works fine for me but not for everyone. The flight is quite rigorously structured  drinks with a hot meal are served relatively soon after takeoff. The cabin lights are then turned off completely for the bulk of the flight at least 6 hours. The cabin lights dont come back on until 2 hours before landing. All in all good value for the money and much more comfortable than I remember in the past. I remember this flight being more of an endurance ordeal than anything else Ive flown SW286 on and off since 2000 and these new planes make all the difference.
  On the last 20.07.2022 I receive an email saying that my flight LH1497 on 20.07.2022 from Lisbon LIS to FrankfurtMain FRA at 0505 hours have been delayed and the new departure time is 20.07.2022 at 1150 hours. More than 6 hours delay. Because of this delay, I lost a connecting flight to India and spent the night in Frankfurt at my own expense. Since then I trying to contact Lufthansa Services and upon a myriad of email exchanges, Im yet to obtain my compensation.
  Goa to Mumbai. Flight was cancelled without any notice. Jet Airways flight status page was even still showing an ontime then arrived status. Heard of 3 other flights cancelled in same conditions that day. No refunds offered on spot, had to refer to our travel agents. 
  I am on a trip with family of 4 on a leisure trip. We bought a ticket on 6pm flying from Tawau to Kuala Lumpur. But was informed about the flight change to 840pm after few days prior to departing. To make matter worse, the flight further delay to 925pm after we checked in on departure date. Bad experience of this airline, avoid at all costs if you can. 
 Never fly with this airline. They overbooked our flight from San Juan to Vieques, a small plane that could hold no more than 10 passengers. We were supposed to fly via Silver on our connecting flight from San Juan to Vieques on our honeymoon but they booted us from the flight because of apparent overbooking. They gave us a voucher to stay at a hotel in San Juan over night but the hotel proceeded to charge our credit card anyway. These rats are only out to scam people and steal your money. If you can fly with Cape Air instead if traveling to Vieques they are much more reliable and professional.
  Dont book more flights with this company. Just booked a flight from Amsterdam to Porto and just after 4 days the flight gets cancelled and they refuse to give cash refund. This is stealing money from the customers. They keep excusing on Covid19 crisis but there are no rules from government specifying that I cant fly from Netherlands to Portugal. In fact there are another airlines flying there at momment.
Our LIAT Barbados to Grenada flight on 3 January 2016 was to leave at 12.30 and arrive less than an hour later. First it was announced as on time. Then we were told that there will be a delay and another announcement was to follow in 30 minutes. The waiting hall then changed. The new ground staff told me that the plane would come from St Vincent and had not even left Kingstown airport. Another announcement would be made in 45 minutes. Luckily I did not trust this information, it seemed to be made up. After 20 minutes boarding began. Nobody was able to tell passengers, whether their suitcases were on board, which is either a sign of ignorance or the lack of any reliable computer system which is worrying these days. Half way to Grenada, stewardesses told us that the crew was tired it had come to the limits of their statutory flight time, and therefore the flight had to be diverted to Port of Spain, Trinidad and this was not know to the crew before departure?. Almost all passengers wanted to go to Grenada. Why not change the crew in Barbados or Port of Spain and use the same plane? It turned out that we had to find places on other flights, and there was no seat on any by LIAT. No arrangement existed with Caribbean Airlines, but we were placed on their flight after 9 pm. No LIAT agent took care of us. First everybody said something different, then it was left to a young lady  lowest in the hierarchy  to solve this, and she tried hard. It was not her fault. The flight took from 12.30 to 22.00, and all LIAT provided was a food voucher of $US8  paying just for a succulent burger. Be warned of this airline. I would say never again. but the problem is that there is often no alternative. LIAT gets funding from island governments and has no competition. Only the latter will bring changes.
  La Paz to Cuzco with Peruvian Airlines. The aircraft is 22 years old, everything worn and aged, from chairs to carpet, to window blind, to toilets. The seat was most cramped. One welcoming think is that they still serve drink and snacks even for an one hour flight. My flight was on time but I observed flights were cancelled frequently. For the daily LPBCUZ route, I found 3 out of 7 flights were cancelled. Avoid this airline if you can!
  They cancelled my flight gave me a replacement flight over a month later and because of their travel policy you need to pay the difference between the new and old ticket if its one month after your original date! I needed to pay 350€ for getting my flight rescheduled. You cant get a hold of them over phone, fb, Instagram, email.. yeah anywhere.. I dont recommend LOT.
  Due to the weather, the plane was delayed and I missed the second flight from Guangzhou to Singapore. The staff at the airport were very helpful and helped me deal with the new ticket, she is very supportive and patient. I am very grateful to her. China Southern Airlines provided free accommodation. Thank you for the service of China Southern Airlines.
Our flight was cancelled due to airplane problems. The big problem was that LAN did not have enough people to deal with rebooking the planeful of folks who were now stranded. Over half of us had connecting flights we missed. We waited in line over 3 hours and left the airport at 10pm, hungry, cold, tired and without boarding passes for the next day. They had only one person to do all the rebooking and told us to leave as she could not do them all. LAN paid for a hotel and dinner and breakfast. However, since our flight was early we had only a few hours sleep. Top it off the taxi charged us much more than the alottment from LAN and we had to pay the difference. The online check in system does not work so could not even see if our flight was actually booked or not. Also their baggage weight limitation was unevenly enforced. We wanted to carry ours on. Many others were allowed to do so but we were singled out and not allowed.
  Got Premium economy since they were the only available seats going to Manila. The seats are premium and comfortable for the less than 2 hour flight. Food service was so so.
  I want to express my sincere thanks to Jin Air staff in Osaka. I had a flight from Osaka to Seoul in May2023, and had not completed the Keta, for this reason I could not board. However, the checkin staff did everything possible to help me complete the documentation. Despite not having completed it on time, I missed my flight, even so the staff offered me an available seat on the next flight. I really value this collaboration. I hope the staff is notified about this. Thank you so much.
Tibet Airlines offered great service and comfortable seating with ample legroom. Chengdu to Lijiang is a relatively short flight of 1 hour but crew were very accommodating. They had inflight entertainment showing on screens in both English and Chinese. Water only served on this flight, but would recommend Tibet Airlines.
  The flight from Newport News to Orlando on November 22 was a hour late. It took and hour to get claimed bags the belt was broke. On the way back to Newport News ticket was for 112922 at 630 and I get to the airport MCO ,there were no workers at the desk at all. Apparently they changed the flight to the 27th with no warning at all ! Even online an receipts still show flight for 112922. I really dont mind cheap flights but this one is a big no no for me. I wouldnt recommend this at all. Had me stuck in MCO.
Paris Orly to New York JFK with Openskies. Requested seat 4J after waiting for the 24 hours check in period. I was trying to avoid being seated next to the toilet. Upon getting to the airport everything look good and received my boarding ticket with the proper seat. Then at the gate they decided to change my flight to the only other seat available next to the toilet as they explained that my seat was given to a crew member. As you can imagine, I was not happy and everything from there was downhill. Airplane is dated so the seat was uncomfortable and did not recline to a bed as expected. Food was barely edible and the service was nonexistent. Horrible experience on an airline that I was looking forward to flying with as this was my first flight with them. Never again.
  They leave exit rows empty rather than let anyone sit there. Horrible customer service policy. Garbage profiteering waste of legroom. The attendants would rather leave exit rows unoccupied, which seems unsafe, than let anyone get something they didnt pay for.
  The airline lost my luggage and was absolutely awful throughout the entire trip. They gave me no updates, their website sucks, and it was nearly impossible to get someone on the phone. They finally delivered my luggage to my hotel after i had left to go back to the US, 5 days after I told them to ship it back to the US. Now, Ive been calling everyday begging them to get my bag back to me. They appease me on the phone, tell me theyre fixing it, but nothing changes. The hotel cant get in touch with them and they havent even tried to pick to bag back up. Several times, when I called I got a message saying they were not answering due to too many complaints and calls and to call back later. 
 Toronto to Taiwan. Unfortunately, they responded very poorly for their foreign customers during the strike. Not aware of the strike, I purchased the ticket just days before it and only had to find out about the strike in the media when I was in Taiwan. EVA made no attempt to communicate, besides a text that the flight was cancelled 2 days before departure, during the travel peak season of late June. Tried contacting the office and submitted refund request on their website. Received about 20 of what I originally paid for, in my credit card refund. The crews cannot speak English and they communicate poorly with their customers. I would not recommend it, especially if you are a foreigner. Very poor communication.
  Terrible. We are waiting two years for the refund of a ParoKathmandu flight purchased in 2020 flight number B3771. We could not travel to Bhutan in 2020 and its still impossible now to enter in the country 2022. First, they told us that the flight would be valid for another year. But, as in 2021 it was still not possible to travel there, we requested a refund. Since that moment, more than a year ago, We have sent twenty emails and they do no answer. An incredible behavior of this company to its customers. We are still waiting for an answer. If it happens, we will communicate it. We have sent all the information twenty times to have our legal refund. But They have not answered yet. For the moment, We do not recommend this company to anyone. Be very careful if you buy flight tickets with them.
BKKPBH via CCU. Y class. Wet leased aircraft from Lithuania. Checked in just before closing the counter. Hassle free. On time departure. Full breakfast served on first sector and snake on short second segment. Crew efficient. Fares lower than competitor Druk Air.
  I received an email 1 hour before the flight that the flight was canceled due to maintenance issues. They returned all the bags to us and didnt do anything for us. They said it was canceled due to weather issues although the email said something else. They didnt provide any voucher for a taxi or hotel. My flight got postponed for 24 hours.
  Johannesburg to Hong Kong. Firstly, the service on the plane is atrocious. The hostesses ignore you or are very rude, they do not cater for special meals  if you are vegetarian there is a good chance you wont get a meal. Three quarter of the way into the flight they ran out of water. 30 minutes into our flight our screens were not working and we informed an air hostess who said it will be re set. We fell asleep and 8 hours into the flight our screens were still not working  should this not have been addressed and fixed as soon as we informed the air hostess it was not working? Also, my headphone jack was faulty. I told cabin staff and was informed by him that there is nothing he can do about it and walked away. It was a very uncomfortable flight and I would not recommend anyone to fly internationally with SAA.
We flew from Santiago to Sao Paulo in Premium Economy and had a very good experience. We departed a little late however arrived ontime so no concerns there. After reading some earlier reviews I was a little apprehensive about the service however found the staff to be efficient and friendly and the meal was very good I would go as far to say it was far better than Qantas also in PE from Sydney to Santiago.
AEP to Mendoza via San Juan. Efficient and friendly checkin modern airbus comfortable seats efficient cabin crew ontime.
My experience was an efficient airline on time both ways tofrom Florence. More leg room than many airlines. Refreshments were free and adequate for such a short journey.
CWLNCL easy check in lounge very good took a couple of minutes from lounge to seat on aircraft. One cabin attendant fantastic service including complimentary drinks snacks sweets and hot towels on a 1 hour flight on 29 seater aircraft. Baggage reclaim at NCL took just a couple of minutes.
Flew Thomson from Leeds Bradford to Paphos. Flight was delayed by over an hour due to a problem with the aircraft on its previous flight, which couldnt be helped. When we were called to board, it took us over another hour before we got moving, and we were left to roast in a cabin with no air conditioning, as the auxiliary engine that enables air conditioning without the main engines being used was faulty. Again, this couldnt be helped, but my problem was with the fact they boarded us despite how the flight was delayed even further, with no explanation. Otherwise the flight went without a hitch, but it took us nearly two hours to finally get off the ground.
 Mar 3 They cancelled flight PD2286 from Halifax to Toronto due to a coming storm in Toronto  But because they did that they also cancelled flight PD2283 from Tor to Hal leaving 5 hours earlier 12.55pm from Toronto with clear skies in both Cities, this was to avoid having the plane stay in Halifax overnight. This cost 80 passengers stranded in Tor about $200 night for hotels, food, cabs etc. I estimate 80people x$200night$16,000 and Porter didnt give a cent. And saved the cost of 2 flight by booking us passengers on scheduled flights the next day. The Canada Transportation Agency only requires them to state the circumstances were Unavoidable to get away with restitution to their Customers  What a sleazy move, They have also cancelled 3 flights in 8 days from Halifax all at 5pm departure
  Guangzhou to Hong Kong. A short distance flight, depart on 2200 and just one hour flight. Cabin crew are so busy when on board because they have to prepare many things in a short time. After boarding, cabin crew gives a towel and a cookies to everyone and a bottle of a drinking water is in front of the seat.
Traveling from Samos to Lesvos with a transfer at Athens Airport. We went through the airport of Samos pretty fast we had too many bags with us so we needed to pay an extra fee which was 30 euros for each suitcase didnt care about the weight which I find a very fair price. Flight attendants were very kind and even for this short flight 25min to Athens they came around with a drink and a snack. The stopover in Athens was not very useful for us because we transferred to another gate to end up on the same plane we had came from with exactly the same cabin crew. Overall a good experience would recommend it to others.
  Flew from Edinburgh to Dalaman and Dalaman to Edinburgh. Departing on September and just arrived the early hours of this morning. Jet2 has a very quick and efficient process compared to other leisure airline which means you are not standing in a que for long  something which other leisure airline should follow. The outbound flight was delayed by 45mins due to the Captain and First Officer operating an inbound Greek flight and due to resting time regulation had to report later however the flight arrived in Dalaman 15mins early. The flight was comfortable and the cabin crew were efficient, friendly and very welcoming onboard and also speaking to passengers. We booked an inflight meal and despite Jet2 being a low cost airline, the inflight meal was one of the best I have ever had. The inflight service was efficient and there was several bar services, one inflight duty freetax fee products. The aircraft was clean and seemed new. On the inbound flight back to Edinburgh the aircraft was uncomfortably hot however after speaking to one of the members of cabin crew they asked the crew working at the rear to lower the temperature. Again the Jet2 is value for money and they are very family friendly orientated. Definitely would fly again. Worth value for money.
  Aegean lost my bag 7 days ago and it is impossible to contact them. The world tracer is not updated and while they are supposed to contact me after 5 days there is no contact. The bag is an expensive piece of sports equipment and I have no idea if I will see it again. I waited over 50 minutes on their central baggage phone number without answer. I emailed them numerous times and no reply.
  LGW to COR return November 2022. Air Europa could be a smart, customer friendly budget airline but it isnt. Long haul flying with them is an endurance. Ground staff badly trained  disorganised with chaotic boarding procedures experienced at LGW, MAD and on the return from COR. It seems to be their speciality. PAs often garbled and made in Spanish only. There is no reasonable excuse for serving passengers only one meal on a 10 hour long haul flight. Expensive snacks sometimes available. I paid 5 euro for small bottle of water  pringles LGW to COR Unless you pay extra for reserving your seat during the online check in process, it is unlikely you will be able to sit in the part of the aeroplane that you would like. Air Europa markets itself as a budget friendly long haul alternative to the legacy national carriers. By the time you add all the additional costs for seat reservation, onboard catering etc it isnt Its only worth travelling with them if they offer a direct flight alternative not available with anyone else.
Olympic Air takes most of the flights within the Greece. Even though the flight was very short, around 30 minutes, crew service was excellent. The weather was bad, severe turbulence and the steward was outstanding. He manages to calm us down even though the flight was not very pleasant due to the bad weather. The plane was the one with propellers which was a little loud, but it is fun. Due to the bad weather they did not any snacks or drinks, but we did not care, we just wanted to land in one piece. The view from the plane was marvellous while we were landing, the nature in Greece is wonderful. And overall, we were very satisfied with the service of Olympic Air.
Everyone given boiled sweets as they boarded. Business class from London Gatwick to Tel Aviv via Minsk  same price as British Airways or El Al economy. I was also offered a fruit juice or teacoffee and given a thick blanket and decentsized pillow. Every business class passenger had 3 seats to themselves and was allowed to lie across all 3. Dinner served on both flights with great portions! Meals served on white fabric tablecloth with fabric napkin and stainless steel cutlery and porcelain dishes. Both flight meals delicious. Service great. Staff spoke poor English on second flight but good detailed announcements and safety demonstrations in English on both flights. On second flight captain gave detailed info on flight route and stats as the flight progressed. First plane an exXiamen Boeing 737500 in excellent condition with radios at each seat where the ashtrays used to be. Second plane a 737300. Transfer at Minsk fine as weather delayed the first flight a bus was chartered just for me the only LGWTLV passenger to take me from the transfer desk to the next flight where I was allowed to the front of the queue as a business class passenger.
  London City to Amsterdam. My KLM flight from LCY to Ams was cancelled due to a heavy storm at Amsterdam and I was rebooked to a partner flight operated by Cityjet. Obviously this flight was impacted by the storm as well and we faced heavy delays 5,5 hours, nothing Cityjet could help given Schiphol was facing serious ATC restrictions. What Cityjet could help was the extremely poor communications. On the airport they kept moving the expected departure time by 30 minutes every 30 minutes. Although Schiphol already reporting a 2 hr delay. When I approached Cityjet through twitter, they did confirm the later departure time, but still nothing at the airport. At 615pm they finally announced a gate, with a departure time at 6pm. Everybody rushed to the gate, but nothing happened. When I asked the gate they said they expected boarding around 645. Again I asked why it didnt show on the information displays. Ground staff said they could not change that. At 645 we boarded and the pilot announced that we did not have a slot time confirmed, but that the company was working on an as early as possible time. At that point Schiphol was already showing an expected arrival of 1140PM. Eventually we left around 945 and indeed landed 1140pm. Again, in circumstances like this you cannot blame Cityjet for the delays. You can expect decent and honest communications. Cabin staff was great providing frequent drinks during the wait. Seat comfort is extremely poor given the 3x3 layout. Having to wait 3 hrs in a full plane didnt help either of course. At arrival we have to wait another 15 minutes at the gate, before ground staff was able to connect the Jetbridge. At 010 we finally could leave the plane.
  Phuket to Kuala Lumpur. I tried to pay for baggage online. They did not allow to make payment after putting pnr number I have used my mobile as I did or have laptop or PC Then I called them to pay for 60kg for 4 person, they said 15kg per person is included to check in. I was 3.5 hours before my flight at airport they said you have to pay for luggage and the cost is 400 baht per kg per flight.
  Not the best airline to book flights. I had never traveled Go Air but booked flights for BLRSXR flight and 2 days before departure they cancel the flights for operational reason. I had to either cancel my 10 year wedding anniversary trip of 8 days to Kashmir or book paying 3 times the original price on another airlines. They said they can reschedule the trip only after 4 days from the journey date. Such a bad experience, lost peace of mind and money for booking GO Air, lesson learnt and lost money. 
  Ho Chi Minh to Bangkok. Top service from beginning to end. Aircraft was clean and spacious and the cabin crew was very friendly. No wait times on either end and our luggage was returned ASAP.
SydneySantiago and back from Buenos Aires via Santiago. Overall very pleasant flights particularly due to the friendly efficiency of the crews. Good food and drink and efficient service. On the transpacific routes the A340 has two business class cabins. The rear one rows 6 and 7 is very cold and apparently the temperature cannot be adjusted so avoid these rows if you can. They are obviously aware of this problem because on both journeys the crew moved all passengers including us out of rows 6 and 7 into the forward cabin rows 1 to 5 where we were much more comfortable. However we were in rows 6 and 7 for the short legs from Sydney to Auckland and vice versa where we had to use blankets over our shoulders to keep warm. We greatly enjoyed our flight in the LAN Dreamliner from Buenos Aires to Santiago. Its a much more comfortable plane than the A340. The lounge in Santiago is quite basic. Its narrow and in a basement but offers some chance to relax. The lounges in Buenos Aires and Auckland Qantas lounge are far superior.
Traveled in business class from VCEMUC and Im not sure there was any difference in the seats or service in the front but the food was simple and fantastic. Loved that I could have a cappuccino onboard. The crew was friendly and helpful and the all around experience very positive.
  We had the worst air travel experience with Air Seychelles, flying from Antananarivo, Madagascar to Kathmandu, Nepal on 1142016. We had two transfers  Mahe and Mumbai. We were treated like illegal immigrants and forced to stay at the airport overnight because the supervisor on ground in Mahe. We flew from Tana to Mahe. When we arrived Mahe, they refused to issue us boarding passes for our next two connections MaheMumbaiKTM because we did not have onward tickets after Nepal. We explained that we are backpackers. We travel by land mostly and plan to cross the border by car from Nepal to India. The supervisor told us she will check and disappeared. When we asked about our flight, she said we still have time and she will not leave us behind. We waited in the airport until 910pm when our connection flight to Mumbai was boarding. By that time, weve purchased our onward ticket from KTM to Delhi as we cannot afford to miss the flight. We showed our ticket to one of the staff. The first thing she told us is we cannot boarding our flight because the gate is closed! Then when she phoned the supervisor, who demanded to see our India visa, which was completely irrelevant. We waited there thinking the supervisor will come back to us, but they just let us miss the flight like that! Even after we had all the documents they asked for. In the end, the supervisor never showed up and they did not let us board our flight even though we had the onward tickets. We were dumped in the airport without any explanation. We did not know why we need to show the airline our India visa while we are just flying to Nepal and what should we do for the flights that weve missed. When the supervisor showed up around midnight, she said we will have to wait for the next day to rearrange the tickets and just disappeared again. They tried to send us to a hotel but it was too late, the immigration officer didnt let us pass. Therefore, we were forced to sleep in the airport. The next day we spoke with numerous staff about our issue, including the supervisors and duty managers. None of them helped. In the end, we were able to board the flight that day withy the same documents we had a night before, which means we couldve boarded our original flight! 
  Buenos Aires to El Calfate. My initial flight with the company was okay, if nothing to write home or review about however my attempted trip back was horrible. The flight was cancelled. I received only a notice the late night before with no explanation. I had no way of getting information as it was a weekend and they do not have weekend hours. When I went to the airport I was informed there were no flights due to a strike. Now while this may have effected more than one airline they did not offer a refund or remedy, or even an apology or sympathy for their clients. I was one of the lucky ones that got in before they left at 2 pm and basically every other passengers had to learn via word of mouth why and how long 5 days before reschedule they had to wait. Basically swarms of people waiting for information. At the very least there should be an email and apology, truly there should be a refund.
We have just returned from Northern Cyprus and flew both ways with this airline. I have never flown in a plane with such a small amount of leg room if I was flying for about an hour it would have been ok but not for 6 hours. The food was disgusting a mouthful of soft drink was served with the meal and a tiny can of beer cost £4.20. I wont fly with them again.
  Absolutely basic service. However the staff seemed friendly and patient. My only real issue is the checkin method. You are charged extra if you dont check in online. This is fair enough as you are told in advance. However, even using the Wizz Air App, you are not given a boarding pass until you get to the airport where this is given at the desk on checking your passport. This is a right pain in the neck. It meant that, although I had no hold luggage, I had to stand in a very long queue waiting behind others checking in luggage, just ot receive my boarding pass. As a 67 year old man with some hip problems, this was very painful and very unnecessary as it would be simple to provide a no hold baggage desk with a shorter waiting time. And wouldnt cost anything either. A pity because otherwise is competes quite well with other low cost airlines
  We booked the flight because it was rather cheap on ctrip. 24 hours before departure my wife got a message that my flight from Changsha to Chengdu was cancelled and we should call the airline company. Due to Chinese New Year and the Coronavirus it was pretty hard to contact anybody, so we decided to take the car to the airport. At the airport, the ticket desk was unable to change my ticket, Sichuan Airlines was unable to change my ticket, so we had to call ctrip. After nearly 2 hours we got the schedule change and I was able to get an earlier flight. Would have wished the airlines had offered me the schedule change by themselves. Service on the flight ChangshaChengdu was nonexistent. I am not sure if that was due to turbulence or to the virus, but it was just a twohours flight and I had brought some food of my own. In Chengdu I had to get my luggage and wait for 5 hours to check it in again, fortunately there is a good lounge for transit passengers at Chengdu Airport. At 11 p.m. the Sichuan Airlines counters got really busy as there were many flights departing. It was really crowded, but service was quite quick. I was pretty surprised when the flight to Rome got cancelled, maybe due to personnel shortage because of the virus. My gutfeeling says the flights to Prague and to Rome were pretty empty, so they cancelled one flight. Passangers to Italy got rebooked to our flight and even that one was not full. Seats were a bit narrow and my earphones did not work, but I was so tired takeoff at 2 a.m. that I did not need any inflight entertainment. Luckily, there was no foodservice at the start, so passangers were able to sleep. The flightattendants handed out bottled water and snacks, when I awoke I found snacks and water on the vacant seat next to me. Very thoughtful. 2 hours before landing they served breakfast. It was not a lot, we did not even get trays. It was Chinese food and I liked it, but for Europeans who cannot eat spicy food, the choice was not good. I am used to spicy food, but even I considered the breakfast to be quite spicy. No drinks were offered for breakfast. Luckily, I always try to get a seat near the galley, so I could get hot water during the flight for my tea. Allinall, Sichuan Airlines was quite cheap, the aircraft semiclean and inflightentertainment choices were okay. If you are not too tall and do not need to many amenities, I can recommend this airline. Worst flight I ever had to China, but still reasonably comfortable.
  Athens to Helsinki via Belgrade. Our company booked the trip trough Air Serbia website. I was travelling together with my boss and colleague who had return flights from Helsinki to Athens but I flew to Athens from Rome. We booked oneway ticket from Air Serbia website. After filling the payment information we got the Trip Confirmation to our email with Confirmation code. This was only email we received from Air Serbia. We printed out this document and showed it at the check in desk on 29.10.2019. They replied there is no such booking and the aircraft is overbooked. We did not understand what they meant by overbooked and why a confirmed flight did not exist. There was no help at the airport to sort the situation so we called Air Serbia. They repeated we have no such booking. For a reason or another this trip was cancelled and we never got a good answer for why. There was enough credit on the card, the trip was confirmed from the company, we had the necessary document from the confirmation but could not check in. I had to get back to Finland soonest possible and the airline did not do anything about this so my boss booked me a return ticket to the next available flight Air Turkey 724,51€ that is quite much for a trip that should cost around 100€. Later at the airport I contacted Air Serbia again and now they replied that we can see the booking but maybe there has been some problem with Air Serbia website. They did not give any explanation about why this flight was cancelled?! Maybe because they had overbooked the plane and had to drop out someone?? I am stunned about how bad this airline handled this situation. The rest of the evaluation about the flight comes from my boss whose reservation was valid.
  On their website they state that they allow one free date change due to covid. I reached out to them 8 days prior to my flight to make the change since my previous flight was changed too and they initially confirmed that I can do so for free, just pay the difference in fare. When I accepted it and asked them to proceed with the payment they went completely silent. No response to my emails that I sent daily. No one answered phone calls! 36 hours prior to my flight I made the change myself, paid outrageous difference since the flight was so close and also paid the penalty fee. Reached out to Airlink and asked for the refund, and  they did not reply again! 
  Luton to Bucharest. Awful service right from the check in, rude staff on ground. As a photographer I travel with a lot of kit that cant be checked in. Its the only airline that made me check in parts of my kit. Worse, they couldnt care any less and were rude and unprofessional. They were only checking some luggage of some passengers so were completely inconsistent in their approach. There was more trouble with hand luggage where at the boarding gate passengers were told they had to check in their hand luggage due to the lack of space in the overhead lockers. However, that was untrue as on boarding and plain refusing to check in the rest of my hand luggage it turned out there was more than enough storage space. Chaotic, disorganised and unhelpful. First and last time with Blue Air.
We had a weekend trip to Guernsey from Gatwick. Both flights were late. On the return flight, seated at the back of the aircraft I was subject to the flight attendants conversation grumbling about their job and their employer. I feel a little put off from making future leisure trips to Guernsey, as this airline is quite expensive, suffers delays, and does not provide the warmest service.
 I flew Saudia Airlines Jeddah to Washington Dulles in business class. My seat would not operate so I could not adjust the seat. My entertainment system did not work so I could not watch the entertainment. Not what I expected or paid for over $8,000 USD during a 14 hour flight. The flight attendant supervisor tried to no avail to fix the problems, causing a disruption in the cabin multiple times. He provided me an email address for Saudia customer relations, which I have emailed a week ago with no response and multiple follow on emails also with no response. Saudia website has a customer feedback form but the website just spins when you try to submit Ive tried to submit every day for a week to no avail. Saudia has an online chat but they just send you a link to the website form that does not work. So  thats the customer service you get  nothing! By the way, before the flight I had trouble with the Saudia app and each time I called an agent they gave me an email address for assistance and you guessed it  none of my emails were responded to. So fliers beware  customer service is nonexistent.
Excellent service from the flight crew and ground crew. We arrived at LAX with minutes to spare as our inbound flight was delayed 2 hours. That airline made no effort to put us on another flight. Running all the way from Terminal 1 to Bradley searching for the ATN desk the kind young lady escorted us swiftly to the gate. We just made the flight otherwise would have spent the night in LA. Although our bags didnt make it they were delivered the next day to our hotel. Since we had no luggage when we arrived the airline gave us a nice bag with essential toiletries including Tshirt and shorts which we all sported for the next few hours. The meals were better than expected the inflight entertainment was better than some major U.S. airlines. The waiting area in Papeete for our homebound flight was fabulous beautiful shops food comfortable lounge chairs gardens.
  Extremely basic and budget feel airline. Flying regional, which is as basic as it gets anyway, at my mistake I was too late to check in, however, with still 13 minutes on the clock and passengers boarding in process, I was denied any help of getting me on the plane. If anything, staff  was extremely rude in handling the matter. I understand this issue was my fault, however, were not on a long haul flight here. Some sort of help wouldve been appreciated and and least a smile on their face goes a long way, thanks for nothing.
Flew out to Corfu in September using Germania. Never flown with them before. Nice airline, very prompt both going out and returning. Good service throughout, helpful cabin crew. Film for the flight and complimentary meal and drinks which was unexpected. Very good flight prices. Will definitely look to flying with them again. Only downside no online check in service which at present. Hope they will have that soon.
  Excellent service. I flew on a 1hr 5m flight and the crew were excellent, from boarding to disembarking. The crew offered a complimentary snack onboard, the seats are comfortable, and the flight was smooth. There were no delays or inconveniences during the flight. The seats recline and although they are a bit old, they are still leather and big, so its very comfortable. The crew helped me find my seat and they had a great attitude when I ordered a glass of water twice. I will fly with them again, 100 recommended.
Shanghai PVG to Xian. FM9205. Check in at PVG seamless friendly staff Enjoyed the China Eastern Lounge. Bussed out to the aircraft but with a separate comfortable sit down shuttle bus. Aircraft was a bit older but the leg room in First was astonishing. At 2 Meters my legs were able to stretch out completely. The attendants tried their personal best to speak English food was fine and the flight was on time. I was sceptical after reading all of the other reviews but must say I was completely satisfied with the service and the price.
Flew to Monastir 1 October. Supposed to fly out to Monastir at 18.35 hrs but didnt fly until 01.00 hrs no explanation given. On boarding the cabin was smelling of cigarette smoke  it was old and shabby some seating armrests and seat belts were broken the toilet door woudnt close. Just one look at the food  tea and coffee were undrinkable. There was no inflight entertainment and the cabin crew were not pleasant. The return flight was a little cleaner the staff more pleasant but the food wasnt fit for consumption. All was reported to our holiday representative on arrival at our hotel. Would never fly with Kathargo ever again.
BW 903 on 09072014 From London Gatwick to Trinidad. I usually have a good experience when flying with Caribbean Airlines. However the BW903 had a couple of unprofessional flight attendants. They were rude had no sympathy for passengers with children. This together with a generally poor service made it a difficult flight!
  Our bags were not on our flight to Portland so we filed a delayed baggage claim. There was zero communication from Condor. I tried calling and emailing Condor for help. The email on the baggage claim form got bounced back and is not a working email. On day 8 we got a call from Alaska Airlines saying that our bags were in the lock box in Portland for 7 days. They turned it over to condor on June 7th and Condor did not contact us. On day 8 Michele from Alaska Airlines called us because she was shocked our bags were still there! It appears that Condor does not have a system for dealing with lost bags. We had to wait 8 days to retrieve our bags when we could have had them the next day. This is so unacceptable and caused much hardship. I had medical devices and medication in my bag. I think Condor should take responsibility!
Never dealt with an airline and airport as bad as PAL Express! Plenty of staff but no coordination in what they are doing. Our flight to Caticlan from Manila was cancelled. Trying to get a refund was impossible. Trying to book to go somewhere else was impossible  3 hours waiting at one desk to be told to go to another. Despite being directed to the first desk by check in staff. Two weeks later leaving another Philippine island the same happened and the flight was delayed by hours. Staff in that location did not know what they were informing customers  total chaos. Never again!
 Flew Bucharest to Prague. Expensive with poor conditions. I traveled better with Ryanair and it was also cheaper like a quarter of the price here, with luggage included and so on. Tarom was also at a better price and with better conditions. Czech Airlines do not offer you the minimum seat space, not a good food service and also the baggage requirements are very annoying.
  Yangon to Singapore Flight 3K584 seat 1C. The online ticket purchase was easy. I was positively surprised with my checkin as well as the inflight experience. I had to catch a connecting flight with a different airline and the checkin staff was very friendly and allocated a seat at the front so that I can disembark quickly. The crew was friendly and efficient.
  A terrible company. They made a surbooking for a Flight that was supposed to leave at 630, but this one was 2 hours delayed and we were around 12 Persons not able to fly. No information given, nothing. Nobody knew how to help us. We were supposed to jump on a next flight 730pm or 830pm but they told us that we will not fly on that day but the next one. So you I was stuck in Mexico City, tired after all this thing, and no refund has been done. Dont travel with them!
 New York JFK to Gatwick. Seats so close together, it was the worst long haul I have flown. I did not see cabin crew other than to dish out two of the worst inflight meals I have had. One was a sandwich. Not sure what the other was I paid 3 x £25 for them. No teacoffee served to me. Save your money and buy something from the airport before you board. 
Used BA frequently to Frankfurt the last 6 months. Really friendly staff. Seats or OK given that Im 67. Price is OK and it is value for money. Also travelling in an out of LCY rather than Heathrow is a bonus. No M25!
  Toronto to Dubai via Cairo and they say you have to stay 16 hr in the airport or pay to upgrade your ticket and leave at 9 am.  Hotel accommodation is not included in the ticket I bought. Then I paid and got to the hotel on my own because there was no shuttle available yet. At the hotel was another surprise and no room available got to wait till a guest leave. 
  Nassau to Fort Lauderdale. I was on flight 205 leaving Nassau, Bahamas at 345pm on Monday August, 20, 2018. Upon arrival i was told my flight was delayed and I would be given an update at 7pm and to have a seat. That means it would take 3 hours just to tell me what was going on with my flight! I sat down and noticed a lot of people that were waiting for the same flight suddenly dissapeared. I went and asked and then was told my flight moved to a different gate. So I walked all the way to the other side of the airport to this other gate. I get to the other gate and was then told I would have to wait again because they were boarding another flight! I am 32 weeks pregnant and not only was the airline staff rude and unwilling to help me. But the way they were choosing who they would let on the flight, after everyone from the previous flight boarded really made me angry. So instead of allowing young children and their parents and a 32 weeks pregnant woman first priority. They were just choosing people randomly, so if you didnt get lucky, God knows when youd get on the next flight home. I met a woman that said she was there the day before and her 1pm flight was delayed as well. She told me that it wasnt until 2am they told her to go home and here she was waiting again hoping to get on a flight. The whole airline is disorganized. They have absolutely no order. I will never fly Bahamas Air again. The country is beautiful but their airline needs a lot of work.
  I read terrible reviews and I was a bit concerned before boarding todays flight July 10 at 1630. However, we had a great experience. The A320 was just fine and the service was impeccable. They did not speak Swedish but that was not an issue. The one hour flight was excellent and the Captain calm and absolutely no issues. No inflight entertainment but it was just an hour flight. We were 10 min late taking off from Stockholm Arlanda but we were on time coming into Lulea Kallax. We loved the service and that the two attendants in the front was always smiling and very accommodating. Loved the fact that the staff and pilots greeted us as we left the plane.
Flew Air Macau from Tapei to Macau and back during the Chinese New Year. A321 were deployed at the TPEMFM sector. Economy class was full seats were cramped but bearable for the 1.5 hr flight. Food was poor. MFMTPE sector had no boarding bridge so has to take the bus to the aircraft. Which I find it quite annoying given how small the Macau International Airport was and not much traffic go through Air Macau still cant find a boarding bridge. Again food was poor on the way back. Crew on both flight were efficient though but lack of smile and can clearly felt that they were treating Business Class passengers better when the curtain between the two classes is still open.
  Two trips went smoothly. Garuda Indonesia is the most expensive choice for domestic flights in Indonesia. Prices are very suitable for their service and friendliness. Thank you. 2 perjalanan berjalan dengan lancar. Garuda Indonesia merupakan pilihan termahal untuk penerbangan domestik di Indonesia, Harga sangat sesuai dengan pelayanan dan keramahannya. Terima kasih.
  Clark to Seoul. Smooth flight on Jeju Air and I am impressed. I had to think twice on booking because Jeju Air has a bad review and most of its customers were left unhappy and unsatisfied on their flight. So we took the risk and booked. On the flight day we are  expecting to pay for our baggage as the website says our ticket doesnt have a free baggage allowance. Usually, LCCs allow their passengers one check in baggage per person. But in the airport, we were three. The check in agent checked our bags for free  5 pieces!  The flight was very smooth. Though the attendants were not always present on the cabin. They just served the free water before landing. I will definitely recommend.
  Accurate departure and arrival, Excellent check in process via the mobile app, clean plane. The new baggage policy has turned Aegean into what i would consider a lowcost carrier. Booking a Flex ticket in order to carry your luggage along with a laptop bag or a purse onboard is unacceptable.  Aegean did not use to be like that. It was always a bit more expensive but the passenger was treated well, with good cabin service and with the ability to have a carryon and a personal item onboard without having to pay anything extra.
  This was a pleasant no frills flight, flight was on time, friendly crew, clean aircraft. But what sets this carrier apart from other budget airlines are the 10kg checkin allowance. I can recommend this carrier.
  The standards in TAP have been going down in the past couple of years but it got to a point where it is all low cost but the price. For starters, I have been flying with them for 12 years and not once has been baggage been weighed. Apparently this has started now. I flew with them in March 2023 and, as always, nobody cared about my hand luggage I frequently take a trolley and a backpack and a lot of times Ive also taken a small ecobag with fragile items I dont want to put in my backpack. My last flight on 24th June 2023 from London Gatwick was different though. The lady who checked my luggage wanted to weigh it so she asked me to put my trolley in the scales and shouted I was over the limit. Highly unprofessional and rude, but then she proceeded to make me even more uncomfortable when she said loudly not one but three times that I was taking 3 items instead of 2 referring to my ecobag. I was never given an opportunity to take anything out of my suitcase or rearrange my things, instead she took the trolley and asked me to pay £68 straight away. I also noticed there appears to be double standards as the lady on the other counter who was also boarding passengers didnt check any luggage. In addition, the economic crisis seem to be have hit hard as before we used to have a snack on board and now not even a glass of water. I would find this acceptable if I had paid a fair amount for this poor service, but TAP seems to forget that they are overpriced for the quality they are presenting customers with nowadays. Very disappointed and dissatisfied. Will go out of my way to avoid flying with them for the near future.
  I purchased a full package holiday to Egypt for December 2017 Birmingham to Hurghada and was offered at a cost for Thomas cook to obtain our visas. I agreed as I had no time to check and sort them. I received a document 4 weeks before saying I had a prepaid visa. I arrived at the airport excited to travel was allowed to check my bags and spend nearly 3 hours in the airport only to be to at boarding that I was being refused travel due to not have 6 months left on my passport. I showed my visa confirmation issued by their company but was still turned away. They are now taking no responsibility for anything and I am down £1300.
  Los Angeles to Kansa via Beijing booked for March 2020. Ive had great experiences flying Air China. Attendants are friendly and  food is decent. However their response to the COVID19 outbreak is criminal. They lied repeatedly about issuing a refund. I had to file a credit card dispute to get my money back.
 Horrible! Today was the last time I am buying with Tiger! Few weeks ago I was flying from Sydney to Brisbane and had a delay over 3 hours. Ok, sometimes can happen. Today I am flying from Brisbane to Sydney and the flight was cancelled! They moved me to another flight in 3 hours! Cannot believe it. I bought this flight to make sure I am fine for a meeting in Sydney. I am sure I will have some issues when flying back on Saturday, unfortunately bought return flight with this poor airline.
 Nice to Tel Aviv. Old 737 that was refurbished very nicely. Looked like new. All seats and cabin are new. Real Business class with recline seats and all the rest is economy. Gate and counter location is awful  no place to seat, super busy and feels like low cost. The crew was OK not more than that as El Al recently pulled out serving food on EU flights. They have very poor salad or sandwich. Poor, not enough for a 4h flight and very uncomfortable. Security checkin El Al asked to arrive airport 3H before departure, add the fact the Nice airport is very small and so at the end the entire tour is very long. A wrong move and poor for a premium airline.
  Osaka to Hong Kong. I have flown with Peach for 3 times on the same route Hong Kong Osaka. Comparing with other LCC my other Hong Kong friends use, I would say Peach provides comparable prices nd services. Of the 3 times I flew with Peach, 2 returning flights from Osaka were delayed for an hour, both due to airspace control of mainland China. Since many passengers carried several bags as handcarry items, Peach limited the number to 2 handcarry items per passengers, and there appeared to be less chaos in the overhead compartment now. Though poor backpackers like me prefers grabbing a bottle of green tea from the vending machine before boarding, drinks can be purchased on flight with cash Japanese yen. Seat pitch is just as ridiculous as the other LCC. For the price of approximately one bento, you can upgrade to the exit rows, so your knees wont be poking the back of the previous passenger  You cannot change seats while onboard the flight. The airline loses some revenue with this stubborness, but this certainly ensures order when the seats were already so crowded. I also appreciate that Peach has its announcements in Cantonese too, as its crew speaks mainly Japanese and English. Being a poor backpacker, I will still choose Peach over other LCCs, with generally good management and similar price points.
 Dallas to Lima via Mexico City. This is the worst airline I have ever flown with. Their customer service is horrible they are very rude and also take hours upon hours not only to answer your phone calls but also to solve your issues if you get lucky enough for them to solve it. They are constantly rescheduling flights without prior notice and dont even bother to let you know until you show up to the airport to checkin. If youre lucky enough to even make it to your flight, once onboard they dont even offer you complimentary water. Everything has to be bought on board if you want to drink or eat, even water. I do not recommend this airline to anyone and I will never use it myself again.
  Tway Air cancelled my flight without warning or reason. The notice was sent out on Feb 11, cancelling all flights from Chiang Mai to Seoul from Feb 12  Mar 28. Theyve left me stranded in Thailand with no other alternative flight that can get me back to Seoul on the same date  and they wont even refund money unless customers manually cancel their bookings through their awfullydesigned booking system Im still wrestling with the system, and havent gotten my money back. This airline is a total scam.
  Istanbul Sabiha Gokcen to Cairo and back. A comfortable and cost effective alternative airline to use between Istanbul and Cairo. Its quite an acceptable airline, especially considering the price is about half of its main competitors prices. The check in process seemed a bit slow at SAW, the flight was a bit late to depart but arrived on time into Cairo Terminal 1. On both flights, the crew were friendly and helpful and the cabin interior of the former Air Arabia A320 was clean and tidy. The meals served were nice, with a selection of non alcoholic drinks available. This airline arrives into and departs from Cairo Terminal 1, which is an older smaller terminal that seems to have mainly flights to and from the Middle East. During busy periods, it was very crowded in the small terminal. On the return flight the check in was again slow at Cairo Terminal 1. Passport Control confusing, make sure you check which queue to join as the Turkey flights have separate counters for passportimmigration. Overall, a good experience when taking into account the cost saving. Down side is  perhaps a bit more time spent waiting in the Cairo Terminal 1 and flying into and out of the less popular airport in Istanbul.
DMESVX. Arrived two hours before for our flight for Ekaterinburg to discover they had merged it with another to Chita leaving us stuck there for an extra three hours. When I finally found the Urals desk after 30 minutes of searching I asked why they had merged the flights. Well everyone does it why have an empty plane to Chita when we can have full one to Ekaterinburg. Makes sense so why have it on the timetable at all. Everyone does it she insisted. When I asked what we were supposed to do for three hours she shrugged her shoulders said Do what you want I dont care When we started boarding they had put everyone onto a Il86 and from there the service improved. The plane which was a bit worn but well looked after was big enough to accommodate our stroller in its cargo hold rather than the luggage hold and the cabin staff made an effort to be friendly and helpful. The food was superb and had a well thought out meal. There was plenty of reading material and if it wasnt for the attitude on the ground this would be a glowing review but the unannounced merging of flights the rudeness of the desk staff as well as getting into Ekaterinburg 4 hours later than planned spoilt an otherwise excellent flight.
I flew Edelweiss to Antalya a couple of days ago and back on its only A330. The service was excellent and cabin crew very friendly. More movies would have been great. The plane was flown by CEO Kistler on the leg to Antalya. Unfortunately checkin at Antalya took relatively long since only 3 counters were open for an A330flight.
  We purchased tickets via a Discover credit card to fly DenverReychevikStockholm for 7120 with a return trip 2 weeks later from Helsinki on 71620. With the pandemic, the flight did not occur, and Icelandair would not answer their phone or email. This continues through today. The money for the business class tickets was never returned. In essence Icelandair has stolen several thousand dollars from us by keeping our money for a trip that never happened. We have notified the state attorney general about this, but unfortunately settling such matters thru the courts is a long and arduous process. As such we can only notify other potential customers about such deceptive and unethical practices. 
We were booked on a flight from CDG to JFK on Sep 23 2013 at 07.30 pm. Before heading to the airport I called to find out what terminal and was told terminal 4 by an XL representative. When we arrived at CDG there was no terminal 4 and know one knew where to find their counter. I tried calling again but was disconnected several times. When we finally made it to 2A and there wasnt anyone there to help since it was 40 minutes before the scheduled departure. I called and was informed that terminal 4 was wrong but that it was 1A which she later corrected to 2A. Im certain that the representative didnt purposefully give us wrong information but that information caused us to miss our flight. I requested for customer service to put us on the next available flight but was told After considering your request we are sorry to inform you that we will not be able to give you a positive answer. As it turns out terminal 4 is where they fly in to JFK.
We flew back from a 2 week break in Larnaca yesterday. The aircraft was one of Cobalts fleet as opposed to one that is leased. With the airline been fairly new, we did have a few reservations about the standard of service, however like the outbound flight these were soon put to rest. We were welcomed onboard by a friendly cabin crew, who were smart and looked very professional. The aircraft was spotless and clean. As the cabin doors were being shut, and we were waiting for push back, we were welcomed on board by the captain in the cockpit who gave a quick run down of the route and the expected weather in London. Once we were airborne the cabin crew started their in flight service, the only downside was no choice of Hot Food on the 4 hour flight. The food available was fresh and tasty and reasonably priced compared with other carriers on the route. The announcements from the cabin and cockpit were clear and could be understood. The only downside is the airport they operate into for London and maybe in time the will move to Gatwick.
Buenos Aires  Mendoza was delayed 4 hours no explanation. Once we arrived to Rosario the flight was delayed again due to technical issues. The service in flight  flight attendant was flirting with the pilots in the cockpit she appeared only once to make us the favor to hand out some cookies.
  Flew Dragonair from Hong Kong to Busan. Before landing in Busan, cabin crews started their checks, making sure if all the window blinds were open and all seats were in an upright position. At that time, I asked one of the male cabin crew to help me clear the meal box away, he shouted at me and instructed me to put the meal box into the seat pocket. Many passenger were looking at me which was embarrassing. I saw other flight attendants helping passengers clear their rubbish and the meal box. 
  Low quality airline, always delayed, small seats, no communication about delays. Takes up to 8 months to get a voucher after a delay. 
  Johannesburg to Cape Town. Very bad service at the airport, nowhere were it states that wheelchair people are required to be an hour early for check in, we were 5 mins late and sent to book new flight. The guy standing next to us had the same problem, he was helped very fast.
  The worst airline Ive ever flown.  7hour flight, all paid movies, headphones for monitors, paid water, service not nice, 7 hours of sauna on the plane, nonworking air conditioning, I do not recommend. I would like to add that the flight was bought with emirates and I had the worst flight.
  I boarded the CRJ900 flight and at my seat I had the table down and on it a preflight snack, water and juice. What a great surprise as you arrive to your seat. Loved it. Although the meal wasnt the best, it was good and the wine very good. The first row is very spacious and lots of legroom, which is not always guaranteed for bulkhead. I find the new generation CRJ900 plane very comfy with big windows so was very pleased with the whole flight.
 Singapore to Cebu with AirAsia. Overall disappointing. First, departure was postponed for 2.5 hours. and you can only get the money back if it is 3 hours and over! then departure was postponed 2.5 hours. The plane was filled up and the staff spent a lot of time placing hand luggage. The seats are miserable. 
  Air Botswana is consistent in letting down their passengers. My family and I have had 4 encounters with Air Botswana and we were let down 4 times. First my mother received an itinerary and a payment confirmation only to arrive at the airport to be told that her ticket was not issued and that she would have to purchase another. She complained about this and Air Botswana tried to calm the situation down stating that she will be reimbursed for the purchase. The second issue was that i had a connecting flight from Johannesburg to Gaborone with air Botswana. My initial flight was from Cape Town. 2hrs before my departure from Cape Town i get informed that the flight from Johannesburg to gabs was cancelled. I was forced to take the flight from Cape Town to Johannesburg but to purchase accommodation for the next day for when air Botswana could give me another flight. I was not reimbursed for the expenses incurred. The third issue is the same as the first which happened to my brother who experienced the same issue as my mother. The fourth issue occurred this morning when I arrived at the check im desk after having travelled 300km on road to get to Gaborone Airport I was inform that although I have a payment confirmation from DPO Pay, Air Botswana had still not received any reflected money in their account and thus would have to purchase another ticket from the ticket sales. This resulted in me having to pay all my travel money and borrowing some to purchase this ticket. I am a student and one can only imagine the difficulty this caused. Air Botswana is consistent in giving trouble and all 4 times my family and I have travelled with them we had problems. When you see this many negative reviews take heed.
  Bad experience. Delayed luggage 4 days on arrival to Florence. We had to buy clothes and toiletries in Florence. The standard store receipts were rejected for the refund because they didnt have enough details. On our way back the first flight was delayed so we missed the correspondence and had to wait 25 hours for the next flight. Overall extensively deceiving experience for a big big price. Never again KLM.
  Buyer beware. I purposely booked air and hotel travel package through the Hawaiian airlines website, but it turns out it actually went through Expedia without my knowledge. Several issues website had the option selected to pick seats that was a lie. Received a popup message I could pick seats after booking, another lie. I never received a confirmation email, and had to call in to get a confirmation the day before the flight. When I called in to get the confirmation I was told that I did not book through the airline website. They said I booked through Expedia. I was never able to pick my seats and flying with kids makes it very stressful not knowing where everyone is sitting. The gate agent apparently picks your seats for you. They will however offer to sell you upgraded seats which is pretty greasy. Staff are extremely rude and not very helpful. Seats were uncomfortable and the inflight entertainment system was broken and no WiFi. Very expensive checked bag fees, you pay for all checked bags. Pretty much everything about this airline is bad. 010 do not recommend.
Because LH flights from FDHCGN are now to FRA only  and at inconvenient times followed by connections to CGN by train I elected to fly InterSky instead. Very clean aircraft and professional service throughout. But for an Economy one way ticket price of €350.28 they could surely provide at least a free cup of coffee? Poor value  everything else fine.
 Not dependable airline at all booked my flight back home a month in advance and when I get to the airport the flight has been canceled with out any warning they state they sent out a. Email and I never received it. I was left stranded in a foreign country with. No help they refuse to offer any other options at the kiosk at the airport other than give me credit for their next available flight which was over a month later so I called the 1800 number and they were just as useless I had to pay 400usd with a different airline for the following day leaving me in the streets over night all because the airline could do nothing or offer any other options the supervisors were just as rude as the workers if not worst. How stressful it was to sleep in the airport floor over night and they could not give a care in the world
  I cant even begin to explain how horrible my experience with Sun Country has been. They lost my bag on a oneway flight from Minneapolis to Vancouver. I understand that mistakes happen, however it was the poor customer service on behalf of the airline that really floored me. Every single employee I spoke with to try and locate my bag was unhelpful, uninformed, and in some cases just plain rude. It took over 24hours to discover that my bag was put on the wrong flight and ended up in Orlando. They refused to collaborate with any other airlines to get it flown to Vancouver in a timely manner and insisted that Saturday would be the earliest they could send it on the next Sun Country flight although I arrived on Wednesday so thats looking at 4 days without my bag although they knew were it was. I had to provide my contact information 4 times to 4 different customer service agents  it seemed like they had absolutely no tracking system for information andor baggage. After spending hours on the phone during my vacation and being assured several times that my bag would be delivered to me once it arrived on Saturday, it finally arrived on Saturday and I was informed that Sun Country doesnt have agreements in place with any of the delivery carriers at the Vancouver airport so they could not in fact deliver it to me. I spent another 2 hours to travel to the airport to pick it up, where I was met with empty Sun Country desks and an airport information desk employee who insisted there was nothing he could do to help although my bag was at that very same airport. As of right now, Sun Country has only agreed to reimburse me for my checked bag fee and the clothes I had to purchase for the time without my bag. I would recommend avoiding this airline at all costs!
  From Delhi to Goa trip flight was delayed by 4 hours without informing. It was horrible experience to wait for 4 hours. They charge too much by showing morning flight around 1045 am and then flight comes around 3 pm. There should be some penalty regarding flight delay without a valid reason. 
  Terrible. About 42 of my peers and I woke up at 3.30am to make it to the airport to catch a flight from Sydney to Cairns. A few minutes after gathering at the airport the flight was cancelled due to the route being given up for a route to Melbourne instead for a popular AFL game. This meant that my group had to be split up in half with half going to Brisbane and half going to Melbourne in order to connect back to Cairns. After myself and a few others flew to Brisbane, we found out that yet again our connecting flight to Cairns was cancelled and we had to wait a day after for a new flight to emerge to Cairns. This is just terrible, so disappointing from Jetstar and little information to customers about cancellations and reason for cancellation, and barely any notice.
  The absolute worst round trip from Los Angeles to Amman in my life. The service is horrible on both ends. From the start of the trip until I arrived and the same coming back. Cancellation and non organization. Just chaos.  They tell you one thing on the phone and the complete opposite when your under the gun at the airport. They make you wish walking was the best option of travel. Its the most disappointing experience of travel I can ever think of. Nightmare experience.
  La Paz to Lima via Cusco. I chose Peruvian Airlines as it was the only flight that suited my schedule. When we arrived at the La Paz International Airport, we queued in line for 1.5 hours even though there was only about 20 people in front of us. Once we reached the front, we were informed that there would be a delay of 2 hours. Having flown Peruvian a few times, this was not unexpected. However, after waiting in the gate area for about 3 hours, a staff member came to inform us that the flight was cancelled and we were to proceed back to the check in counter to claim our luggage. Many passengers, me included, had connections in Lima and needed to reach Lima ASAP. However the earliest flight that they were able to schedule was the next day and many of us were forced to miss our connections as the incompetence of the airline meant that they were not even able to put us on Avianca or Latam flights. Communication was poor throughout this process and the staff even had the nerve to ask me to take a 12 hour bus ride and a flight the subsequent morning from Cusco  even though this did not gurantee any of us being able to make the onward connections from Lima. Overall a horribly disappointing experience and if you have any option other than Peruvian Airlines, I highly recommend that you choose to exercise that option.
EWRYUL late evening flight. The 45seat CRJ200 was halfempty so I managed to get two seats to myself. It still does feel very tight though. The overhead bins wont even take a smaller backpack and the seats are very confining in terms of personal space plus you really cant see out of the window due to its low position. There was a single FA serving the flight which she managed with grace and efficiency even with a drink run and some small snacks served. The service in general is OK but to spend more than an hour aboard the CRJ would be a torture.
 Baku to Kiev with Buta Airways. I have to say after travelling for 10 years this was definitely the best Low Cost Carrier I have ever flown with. On time and sharp. Plus you get free water and a free sandwich. But saying that, for a 500ml beer is 1.5€ and a pizza 2€. Incredible value you money. I had flown them for a 55min flight, so was interested to see what a 3.5hour flight would be like. But it was absolutely perfect.
  I am writing to you to express my great dissatisfaction with my recent experience with Saudi Airlines. January 3rd flew Saudia from Washington DC to Lahore via Jeddah and encountered terrible service. I lost my Handcarry which they took away at time of getting into the plane. The service I received from the airline staff was unprofessional, rude, and slow. My flight was delayed for 19 hours at Jeddah airport, and when I asked the staff for an explanation, they were unable to provide one. I found the staff attitude towards customers to be unhelpful and dismissive. Worse yet, when my flight finally arrived, my handcarry was nowhere to be found. I had to purchase new clothes, toiletries, and other items in order to make it through the rest of my trip. I had to pay for these items out of my own pocket. I was also disappointed in the customer service I received when I reported the lost baggage. The staff was unhelpful and unsympathetic, and it was clear that they did not take my complaint seriously. They refused to give me a claim number by saying that it was not needed. I have tried to contact the airline both by phone and email, but I have not yet been able to speak to any customer service representatives who can provide me with information regarding my handcarry. They hungup the phone on me when I asked for some help.I have now been without my luggage for over three weeks and have yet to receive any response from the airline.
  I made an error with the date on booking my flight. I contacted the airline immediately and they had unacceptable change fees and a charge for calling their customer service line. They do not answer comments on their customer support line and offer no support whatsoever. Frankly I would recommend you avoid this airline because of their total lack of customer support and empathy.
  I took off from Paris with a 20 hour layover in Dublin. The flight was delayed for over 2 hours. Upon arrival to Dublin Aer port I went to retrieve my baggage. Unfortunately it was lost. Before I checked this bag in in Paris I had told the check in lady that I do not want to check in my carry on. This was literally a small carry on that had no business being checked in. The lady said that the plane was full and that I should just check it in. This made absolutely no sense to me once I reached the inside of the aircraft which had an insurmountable amount of space for my carry on. Unfortunately I ended up checking in the baggage and once I reached Dublin my baggage was lost by the airline. Now I have no information on the status of my package. Only thing I can do is wait on them to find it and ship it to me. I had very important work related things in that luggage.
  We know that all the airlines are having difficulty during covid 19 pandemic, the Jetstar website let me book for the trip but cancelled the flight in a week time and not allow for full refund of the monies. I have book Singapore Airlines before for going to Europe and I got a full refund of $$ back. They might survive during covid 19 pandemic, but will lose the confidence from customer forever. Will never never go back to this airline, and Im glad that is book for a cheap trip.
  We went on vacation in an all inclusive trip to Jamaica from April 11  April 18 2022, well with the flight delays it was more like no sleep and April 19 2022. The resort was the worst one I have ever been at, the people were rude, the Sunwing rep onsite was never available to talk to. When flights were delayed, no one informed us, it was only after missing the pickup time and panicking with a family of 5 that we found out there were issues with Sunwing flights. This costed us meals, stress and a day of work. I am so upset. There is so much more but this is the surface issues.
  Worst customer service ever! First they canceled our flight no email to let us know ahead of time they let us know when we were in the airport, Gladly we could change our flight, I saw a customer service not using a mask during a pandemic, they never asked us for COVID test during a pandemic, my passport last name and my married last were not the same and they made a huge deal about it and they would not let us get in the plane until I show a marriage certificate. Let alone I needed help and all the stuff and customer service looked at me like they dont work there and pretty stressful experience.
  Bristol to Brussels. Unfortunately, I have to fly this route very frequently and if any alternatives would be within reach, Id never choose to fly BMI out of my own free will. Knowing that the KLM flight to Amsterdam is less than half the price of that to Brussels, one would expect to get a half decent service in return, say a plane that leaves on time for example. Unfortunately, company policy at BMI is to offer poor service at a premium, and unfortunately company policy is also to have staff issue insincere apologies for unfortunate coincidences that can only be blamed on  very poor management. Yesterday I had the pleasure of sitting through the ordeal again, and the plane was delayed for 2 hours, due to the pilot being stuck in traffic coming from London, which was further explained to be a consequence of bad weather the previous day. Nice try but how is that even relevant. Upside of running 2 hours late, one would expect that staff would have had plenty of time to prepare the cabin and solve all possible issues, but alas, unfortunately there was no catering onboard this service tonight, as a sign of their aptitude for crisis management, the airline had managed to scramble leftover sandwiches from other airlines and two bottles of water. Saving the best for last, the cabin attendant unfortunately also had to announce that something was not quite right with the heating system, causing the cabin temperature to be just over freezing point with vents blowing icy air into the cabin. For our comfort the captain generously decided to fly on to Brussels rather than return to Bristol. Of course he did, or they would have had to pay compensation to the passengers. Arriving at Brussels, the same sorry attendant had the final pleasure of announcing that all onwards connections had been missed and that passengerss journeys would be rerouted as soon as possible. 
 Baltimore to Reykjavik. WOW has the worst customer service ever seen. This goes across the board from ground agents to the flight attendants. Our flight crew was terrible from Baltimore to Reykjavik. When we board the plane no one was greeting the passengers. During the flight upsell stuff was the only goal of the crew. They barely answered simple questions and when they answered they were plain rude. In Reykjavik during my return the ground crew were so rude I really could not believe it. I understand the company rules and being a discounted airline, but I cannot accept people being rude to a paying customer. Being discounted airline seems like gave these people licence to be rude. Take it or leave it is the attitude! Pay more fly respectfully.
  The worst service ever. After I paid for my tickets on their official website I got shocked in the airport that they didnt list my name in the list of passengers nor 10 other passengers. While the economy seats were all booked by other passengers already. Moreover they refused to upgrade our seats to business class although it was available and we didnt catch the flight. After many calls the company finally told me to go to another terminal to catch another flight after 4 hours of my original booking. Very unprofessional.
  This is a review to make sure everyone is aware of the poor customer practices this company uses. I was supposed to get reimbursement for my flight back in July and had to provide all my bank information to the companys customer service department so that this would be done quickly after having to call them in person for 23 weeks since they wouldnt pick up a single phone call for a while. Its been 3 months now and the customer service department decided to start ignoring my emails as they still havent paid me back while they said it would take a month for me to receive payment. 
Short SilkAir flight from Singapore to Medan one way. The ground service at Changi airport were very professional and boarding was smooth. The seat was standard for short haul flight and the plane seems very well maintained. The meal was average but I didnt make a big deal out of it since it was a short flight. Even though it was short flight, they still provided entertainment service via wireless connection. This is my first time flying with Silk Air and I will fly with them in the future. The price is premium though but you will get what you paid for.
A LAN Airlines long haul flight from Santiago to Sydney via Auckland that was surprisingly good. Once I worked out how to use flight entertainment, it was easy. Seats were comfortable although somewhat squeezy. Food surprisingly good for airline food and real glass, ceramic dish and metal cutlery were provided. Flight attendants were polite and helpful. Toilets were kept in check.
 Their customer service team is terrible. They canceled my flight due to covid and credited my account. I went to rebook today and they said the credit expired even though their website says I have the rest of the year until my credit expires. The lady I was talking to put me on hold for an hour and then hung up! Still trying to get it sorted but would not recommend this airline. Potentially thousands of dollars down the drain. I have spoken to several of their customer service team in the past and most of them dont know what they are doing.
  The check in terminal shown on the website was wrong and in a large airport such as CDG, this took us extra 20 minutes to get to the correct terminal, almost making us miss our flight. Very frustrating experience.
  Prague to Brussels. When traveling with my luggage and a small laptop bag, they tried to charge me 45€ and force me to put one of them in the hold. They stated that this policy is clearly mentioned when you but the flight but I disagree. It was not clear and its completely unfair. The laptop bag fits under the seat so, its not a matter of space but a trick to scam users. The ironic part is that I was able to put my laptop bag inside the luggage and they didnt have problems me carrying my laptop and a book inside the plane. When I bought the ticket, another Airline Brussels Airlines had same prices on the same route and almost identical schedules. Its clear which airline I will fly with next time.
  My parents were traveling from Dhaka to Hobart. I requested wheelchair assistance and transfer of the passengers to the next flight at Melbourne as they do not speak English. They did not help at all at Melbourne airport. I am not sure how can you just leave someone middle of the airport? especially if someone is very old and not speaking English. My phone number and email address were provided to contact me if they need to talk to me, I havent gotten any call or email from them, they just left the passenger middle of the airport. I have spent lots of time calling the Malaysian air call center to explain that the passenger need help and they promised the passenger will get support up to the next flight. But the result was as Malaysian air reputation. 
I took 2 Kulula flights on my recent trip to South Africa and must say I had mixed feelings about the airline. Although both flight JNBCPT and GeorgeJNB were dirt cheap you could see that it is a lowcost airline. I mean I dont want to complain there is nothing to complain about it is just that I was watching the cabin crew who were VERY young. On my way from George to JNB 3 of the young girls who were suppose to help passengers with boarding procedures were flirting with one guy! They were standing at his seat one with her foot on the empty seat chatting with him! They were unfriendly to the other passengers or totally ignored us standing in the way so that it was difficult for us to reach our seats. The snacks were also not that cheap as stated below. Then the cockpit door was open during the whole flight from George to JNB!!! What about safety? Talking about safety instructions I know they are trying to make it a bit funny but I just couldnt get myself to laugh. All in all it was OK but next time I will try the other low cost airline 1Time first before flying with Kulula again.
 I flew from Moscow to Palermo, with a transfer in Milan on October 3, flight number AZ7027. Upon arrival in Palermo, my luggage was lost. I contacted the Lost and Found, the staff promised me that they would deliver my luggage to the hotel early in the morning of October 4th. As a result, my luggage was delivered only in the evening at 8 oclock! All this time I had to be in discomfort and without the basic hygiene products that your company had to offer. Then on October 5, my flight was again your company flight number AZ1790 with a transfer in Milan. At checkin, I asked you to deliver my luggage directly to Moscow. An employee of your company began to claim that I need to wait a day at Milan airport! When my stopover duration was to be only 1 hour 10 minutes. It was her mistake, she did not give me a boarding pass to Moscow and sent my luggage only to Milan. She scared me very much and made me nervous! Before flying to Milan, other airport employees announced me and said that there was a mistake and they gave me a boarding pass to Moscow. I asked several times, was my baggage redirected to Moscow? They claimed that yes, everything is fine. You will receive your luggage in Moscow. Then when I arrived in Moscow, my luggage was lost again. Its just awful and this is the first time Ive met so much disgusting service! As a result, I was able to get my luggage on October 7th! Very disappointed and will never use it again. Ruined my vacation.
 Krabi to Bangkok via Chiang Mai. This is the worst airline ever. As I sit here typing this, our plane is delayed over 2 hours and the Nok Air employees refuse to give any information. We will be missing our connecting flight and we sat in line for an hour to get attended to. The staff ignored everyone in line and began taking selfies. They also kept running away and ultimately gave us meal vouchers to a restaurant that was closed. There is still no resolution. There is still no plane. We are in Nok limbo torture land. Never purchase with them!
STNKIVSTN by Airbus 320. Flight was over two hours late leaving Stansted around 20 minutes late leaving Chisinau. Check in was fine. The really bad aspect of the flights was the lack of leg room. Absolutely awful. The inflight meal was a cheese stuffed pastry. Not nice. Staff were fairly friendly but hadnt yet caught up with real customer service. If you over about 1.60 metres tall you will never walk again.
  By far the most untrustworthy airline. They have lost multiple checked bags of mine in the past with little to no accountability. Most recently they claimed there was no overhead space and forced me to check my carryon. When I got to my seat my overhead bin was empty. When I landed and got my back back it was cut, mangled and had two of the legs broken off and missing. I filed a complaint and the claims manager would not refund or pay for repair as they claimed it was normal wear and tear. I will never be flying delta again.
  Im very pleased with airport ground handling, they are very helpful, and polite, informed me about business class upgrades, although theres no more seats available they still added my number and keeps me informed if any seats becomes available. I almost gave up waiting for the class upgrade but before I enter security check, they called letting me know there is a seat becomes available, so I immediately took that spot, paid for my upgrade and slept through my entire trip.
QF 2117 CFSSYD June 6 2014. Boarding was easy. The seat was comfortable enough leg room. We waited while the airport prepared the paperwork for departure. Snacks were served and a good range of drinks offered. The view out the window was good. Magazines provided. Staff were fine. Booking ahead it was cheap.
  Would never fly again. Didnt have a working screen for the whole flight and wasnt the only one on board who didnt, 2 of the 3 screens in the row were broken. When I pressed the buzzer for assistance it went unanswered for 40 minutes and eventually had to get someone, despite crew resetting the screens they remained broken and they didnt offer any further assistance. My seat also didnt recline which was very uncomfortable for sleeping. The flights were not cheap. I contacted them about my complaints and received no answer so they clearly dont care about customer service. The food was good and the only positive thing I can say.
Nice Business class old style seats from Orly more convenient than CDG to IAD Washington. Good ICARE Salon at ORY. Plane was half empty and we arrived ahead of schedule.
  I came to Abbotsford due to family emergency and booked my ticket last minute, my friend scared me that these flights cancel and lose the luggage too but my experience with them was great. The airport staff was very polite and understanding. And everything went great. Will definitely recommend them to friends and family.
  Washington to Minsk via Moscow. As American citizens, you dont need a visa to go to Belarus except if you fly to or from Russia. So we get to the airport, they tell us you cant go. They didnt want to help, rebook, provided no solutions. After 3 hours on the phone with the customer service, we rebooked and paid the change fees. Spend tons of money to get Russian and Belarus visa and fly out 2 weeks later. On the way back, the flight was delayed from Minsk to Moscow  which made us miss the connecting flight. they provided no solution to how we can get back home. Finally after fighting, they able to put us on a flight to miami. We had to pay extra for that as well and then we had to pay ourselves to go from Miami to dc. The experience was just unbelievable, never have we had such an atrocious experience and been treated the way we were.
  Ive travelled to Europe for 20 years and have never experienced such an awful flight before. Eurowings Discover is the worst airline. My original flight was cancelled due to Lufthansa protests and we were booked 7 days later with a Eurowings discover flight to For Myers. I was traveling with my 1 year old baby girl and my 7 year old son. As soon as we got to our seats, we noticed everyones TVs had power but our did not. We asked the flight attendant to please turn on our screens and she just replied that they are out of order and the flight is fully booked so they cant do anything. I replied that this is unacceptable. Were traveling with children on a 10 and a half hour flight, why was I sold these seats if the screens dont operate? She just said, Im sorry I will ask my cabin manager if we can do something.  The flight attendant never returned with a solution. I then pulled a 2nd attendant and asked to speak to the cabin manager. Another hour goes by and still nothing! I got very upset. It seemed like nobody cared that they took our money and everyone had working screens but us. I got up and went to the attendant zone. I waited 20 minutes to speak to someone. A guy came out and said, that he apologized but there is nothing he can do except to send a message to the airline that will send partial reimbursement for the inconvenience. We had the most boring flight. The food that was served to us was disgusting. We were given a sandwich with  carrots and soggy cheese on a cold bread.  I asked if I can purchase food of any sort other than what they gave us, and all they had to offer us for a purchase was a chocolate stick, a snickers bar or peanuts. The drinks they served were tiny 3 inch plastic cups filled half way with water or soda. The seat had no bassinet attachment for the baby and I had to hold her in my hands for 10 and a half hours. Previous airlines Ive traveled to Europe with had a bassinet attachment and the baby sleeps in that. All in all, absolutely the worst food, worst experience flying.  Empty promises that they will send a partial credit. As we walked out they waved bye and we never  received an apology email or a credit. 
  Do NOT pay for overhead bin space. Paid $45 oneway for overhead bin space. Found out even if you dont pay for overhead bin space you can still use it. So DO NOT pay for overhead space as Sun Country can NOT guarantee you a spot even if you pay.
  Gatwick to Heraklion, MT 1178 6th September 2019 left a little late, but it made up some timethe meal which I had prepaid for arrived almost three hours into the flight, no water was offered, or wine, just a weak flavoured tea, which didnt really quench my thirst. This was very disappointing, I expected more. The aircraft seemed very cramped inside. The take off message during the safety demonstration was very mumbled. The flight was ok, it would have been nice if the flight destination screens had been switched on. Once through passport control and having collected my case, there was a row of coaches outside the terminal, and even at 10pm, the place was very busy. On return, arrived at Heraklion Airport. Packed with people, no where to sit, as we waited for a delayed flight back to Gatwick. This time the flight destination screens were switched on and off in between an old episode of an American sitcom. I had to ask when the food was coming, as it had been several hours since my last meal. Again, no water or wine was offered, only another cup of flavourless tea. It seemed that duty free sales came first, The flight was okay.
I never actually flew  as the airline changed the time of the connection flight to 3 hours before first flight arrived. They then offered me a flight with a wait of 10 hours leaving close to midnight and only arriving in Lima at 8 am. Which meant I miss my next connection. I cancelled this in July. Received reply that agent must lodge  agent lodged it in JULY. It is now November , my holiday over  I booked through LAN and left at the time that Sky originally had my booking for, but now Sky do not reply to emails. They let the phone ring and then play music for over and hour without answering. They have no access on the website. Im so frustrated and disappointed  as it was 2 tickets one for my husband and one for me  value over $2000 NZ dollars. 
  Booked a round trip with this company for a family ER. First flight crew was great. Returning Flight I had an altercation with their senior flight attendant who had a disgusting behavior and escalated a situation that couldve easily been handled by proper customer service and communication. I approached her and another flight attendant to use the restrooms when it was last call for restrooms use. I was coldly told by both to use the back restrooms where there was a huge line. I explained that I was in a hurry to use it since Ive been holding my son whos been asleep the majority of the flight. She said someone was in there. I was aware and asked if I could use it afterwards, the flight attendant seated next to her said Yes then the senior flight attendant said to me Maybe if you ask with less attitude you can go in there. Surprised by her response I tell her I did not give her attitude and that she did not need to speak that way and it is true because I did not yell or curse anyone out and even I supposedly gave you attitude, Arent you trained to handle this in a proper way maybe by communicating with the customer? No, she stood up aggressively, got in my face and started telling me out loud in front of customers that she will not tolerate me to speak with her that way, that I wont be using the restrooms and to take a seat. Sounds pretty personal at this point! Her reaction was unnecessary and all she did is escalate a little restroom situation to where I started yelling at her and pointing out her disgusting behavior. At this point she kept asking me to take a seat and I couldnt because who will take a seat after being spoken to the way she did? Someone without dignity for sure. At this point theres a lot of back and forth going on between us and she then tells me that I will be considered a threat and she will call authorities if I dont take a seat. She was a threat to me by the way she stood up and got in my face and no one in their right mind will tolerate that. At some point I take a seat after my partner comes to calm the situation, I asked her to call authorities. We finally land, authorities are there, my family and I are the first to get out of the plane. The lady that works for authorities asked for my version which I gave and she said that the FA told them that she asked me to take a seat and wait right after I asked to use the restrooms which is false. If you have the audacity to escalate a situation and be disrespectful at least have the audacity to be truthful too.
  My flight was suppose to have departed at 2020 from Gatwick, however after checking in, the flight information kept changing and finally departed at midnight. No information was provided as to why the flight was delayed. On board, there was no space for my hand luggage and had to have it under my feet throughout the journey. No apologies or any explanation was given. I arrived in Tunisia early in the morning and missed a night of my holiday. They have poor customer care and the stewards are so abrupt.
  Nice new plane. My flight was delayed over 3h, but what surprised me was how easy it was to talk to airline about that. I got clear instructions what to expect during delay when I called customer service. Also I did not have to jump through any hoops when requested compensation  all done in a simple form and without any issues.
  The management is not at all good. Seat assignment is always messed up. They made me wait till the last minute for the seat assignment. Also they kept switching gates which was very confusing
  Vancouver to Hong Kong. First class old type, open spaces and 8 seats in the cabin. There is a lot of space, good mattresses. The choice and quality of food is average, the drinks are excellent! The service is good. Great pajamas
DelhiTashkentLHR  flew first class as was half the price of usual business class DEL to LHR. Had first class to myself. Old style reclining sprung seats in 767  reasonable room but not lie flat. No power at seat so laptop ran out of battery which is a shame because in flight entertainment is a couple of poor films on overhead screen. Flight staff excellent even encouraging a visit to Uzbekhistan and showing the best tourist sites. Plenty of food and drinks on tap. Everything to time. Rather bizarrely the only delay was at Terminal Four when had to wait on the airbridge for 30 minutes until someone opened the door! Overall felt budget compared with traditional carriers but very comfortable which is what I paid for.
 Los Angeles to Bangkok via Seoul. Senior ground staff full of attitude. Traveling with pet did not get preboarding unlike other airlines have always given my special assistance. Cabin crew are ignorant. I asked for hot water and got refused by a crew member saying that no, we dont give hot water here. I asked for a special meal and only got a meal with no drink. The cart came after and the crew skipped serving a drink to me as I assumed they think that I have gotten everything. Overall experience is bad since onground to onboard the aircraft.
  I fly frequently and have never written a review before but was so incredibly frustrated with the experience this morning in Calama, Chile. I was at the airport an hour forty minutes before departure and sitting next to the gate. Right before departure, I heard my name. I went down and they had denied my luggage boarding due to a bottle of insect repellent. In the last month, I had flown with the same luggage from Miami, Santiago, Puerto Montt, Ushuaia, Buenos Aires, Santiago again without issue. They said it was too late to change flights and would put me on the next flight 8 hours later! I said I wanted them to switch me to a different airline but they said they couldnt do it. They even suggested I would need to pay a rebooking fee although they later dropped that. Even if we had hustled, I could have made the flight and we could just thrown away the repellent which cost a few dollars. But instead the person at the counter ignored me, after recognizing my presence and helped other people who werent even flying. I have flown so many times in my life and it was one of the worst experiences I have ever had. Absolutely incredible the complete disregard and ignorance to customer service in a customer service based industry.
 Flew from Gatwick to Las Palmas. Paid for exit row seats which were great. Loads of leg room and very attentive crew. Check in was extremely quick, security at the airport was prompt and the flight arrived in Las Palmas on time. Excellent on board meals and a great selection of drinks available. Would certainly recommend Thomas Cook Airlines and use in the future.
  I had an absolute horrible experience with them. They do not care about their customers. I had a reservation leaving Iquitos Peru through Delta, but the first leg of the flight was flown by LATAM. LATAM could not verify my flight and kept telling me that it was Deltas fault and I needed to talk to them. Delta put my family on five different flights over a 30 hr period and we missed ever single one due to an issue in the LATAM system. The agents in Iquitos Peru airport are rude, do not know what they are doing. They would ignore me when I would talk to them at the counter and would get up from counter and walk away when I would walk up to them. I am extremely disappointed in LATAM and in the agents working in Iquitos Peru. They treated me so poorly. I will never fly LATAM again, and would suggest the same for you.
City jet flights in France on behalf of Air France. Very impolite and icy cabin personnel. For a flight of Air France within France Cityjet as a subsidiary of Air France refuses to speak French whereas the flight is domestic! Most people using Air France for domestic flights in France dont care whether the flight is pure Air France or subsidiary Irish City Jet  but they dont speak english and they dont expect an Air France flight to be only in english especially safety announcements.
  Brisbane to Canberra. Never again with Tigerair. I am very disappointed with what happened today on my flight from Brisbane to Canberra. Before this flight I had never had my purse measured. My carry on luggage was 6,5kg 7kg allowed and she asked me to measure my small purse with my documents and a book and she added that to my luggage and charged me 46$ extra. Thats insane.
I flew with my husband to Cuba in October with Cubana Business Class. The plane was old and Russian but comfortable with the most leg room we have experienced. The food was fine and catered for us as vegetarians. The staff were helpful polite and attentive. The only criticism was the films were not good.
  Travelled business in 2014 with KoreanKLM to Europe and good experience. This time we had 3 business class tickets from Sydney to Amsterdam partnering with KLM  who were wonderful  and return Sydney via Rome with Korean. The flight crews were attentive but cold, clinical and lacking the human touch. The lounges at Incheon are a nightmare akin to two MacDonalds in different parts of the airport but overcrowded, full of screaming badly behaved children, and with poor quality food and beverages and lack of seating. The attendants at the lounge desk were like cardboard cutouts unhelpful and arrogant when I asked for shower access. They then insulted me in Korean, not knowing I speak it! I persisted and let them know in Korean that I understood their insult. I was finally pointed to the shower section and had a hurried shower. Finally, during our holiday a family member in Sydney became gravely ill and we attempted to alter our return dates to an earlier date. This was possibly the worst aspect of having to deal with the customer service operatives of this airline. Night after night we rang them and were drip fed information about seats available on given dates waiting for a date where we could get home. At least two of the male operatives were unbelievably rude to my wife when she spoke with them, talking over the top of her and there was no audio delay to justify such rude treatment. They offered us economy seats which my wife could not take as she has a medical condition that requires a sleeper or flat bed for long haul. We didnt get anywhere with them. On 22nd October, there were 3 unallocated business tickets available back to Sydney which would have got us back 5 days earlier but when we asked about these we were told because wed paid a different fare schedule, we could not have them unless we paid an extra 3000 per ticket in Australian dollars or Euros. We paid approximately AUD 16,500 for the original tickets. We simply couldnt afford this so we were forced to wait for the originally ticketed flight later while we dealt with our anxieties about our sick family member in Sydney. Meantime, these people flew an aircraft from Rome to Sydney with 3 empty business class seats. This may be the corporate world model for aviation now but business still depends on goodwill and Korean Air have lost our goodwill forever. We will never fly them again under any circumstance, whether for work or pleasure. They are disgraceful in their treatment of passengers in need and not worth our custom. 
  We flew Citilink yesterday from Jakarta Halim Airport to Semarang. Checkin was quick since we didnt bring any baggage. Aircraft turnaround was fast and we got onboard in no time. Take off a little late because traffic. We didnt buy any  food and beverages onboard, but the price are reasonable. Landed on time. Overall we enjoyed our first experience with them. Consider to fly them again because the price is cheaper than Garuda.
  Our flight from Montreal to London was late. At Heathrow airport, despite rushing to make our KLM connection out of terminal 4, when we got to the counter, bagage drop was closed so we missed our flight. We asked the agent where we could buy another ticket, she points to a poster and says Call that number. Not, let me help you or lets see if there is room on later flights. No! Just call that number. We asked her where was the KLM customer service counter so we could speak with a real person. She said that KLM had cut that service because they were cutting costs. She seemed very displeased by that. And made it clear that missing our flight was not to be her problem. After 80 min. on our cell phone $190.00 charge!, we manage to buy 2 tickets $$$. We waited 10 hours at the airport for the flight. The flight itself was good. But customer service was non existent!!! KLM never again.
Travelled with my husband in November and flight was changed by BMI from morning to evening travelled again in March and April so you could say frequent flyers with BMI. We had to accept the change in November or offered refund. When I asked if my son could change his flight from morning to evening this Friday 25th April we were told wed have to pay another 314 euros extra. Surely if it works one way it should work the other way.
Gatwick to Guernsey. Couldnt check in online as we had bags and a child which the system doesnt cater for but no queue at the Gatwick check in and the process completed in a couple of minutes. Flight on time. Free soft drinks and teacoffee and a copy of the local paper was a nice touch. Brand new ATR72  spotless! On arrival we waited just 5 minutes for our bags. On the return again no queue at check in on time and comfortable. Excellent value for money.
  Almaty to Seoul. The flight was delayed because of technical issues and this affected our travel plans, which ended up emptying our pockets because we had rearrange our following flights that were following. We wrote a letter to Air Astana 67 times requiring the compensation. We sent the invoice of our expenses, that we received from Vietnam representatives as a check of payment. Air Astana told us that invoice is not a valid document for compensation. We talked to Vietnam partner again, and received a letter from them stating that invoice document they gave us earlier serves as a check of payment in Vietnam and they can only provide the invoice document in their country. We forward this letter to AirAstana and never got response. Terrible client relationship. For two months I can not get my money back, not talking about the time value of money. 
  Jakarta to Tarakan. Late Is Our Name is what Indonesians Ive met call Lion Air. They claim a 70 on time performance score. I fly on them at least once or twice a month because I usually have no other option like it or not, they have flights to more places than anyone else. How is it that easily 75 of the time I am in the 30 of flights that are late? They invariably claim operational reasons are behind the delays. What this often means is that they give the plane that was scheduled for your flight to another flight that was delayed. That way they can get away with giving passengers some bottled water and a bun for your 2hour delay instead of forking over Rp.400000 to each passenger who would have been delayed for 4 hours on the other flight as required by Indonesias Passengers Bill of Rights law. Before serious penalties are incurred, they will then give someone elses airplane to your flight so that they wont have to pay you any money either. And these switches continue at that airport for hours until they get caught up or the day is finally over.
Flew New York JFK to Paris CDG in May 2015. I would fly them again but take my advice and pay the extra $50 for an extra legroom seat. For the amount of money you save by flying XL Airways over the competitors, the $50 is a worthy splurge. Both flights were on time. Fare was a steal at $700. I havent seen anything this cheap in years. Staff was extremely professional, both in flight and gate staff. Plane was in good condition. Tiny seats, I am 53 and didnt have too much problem. However my boyfriend is 60 and was miserable. The passenger in front reclined his seat and was basically sitting in my boyfriends lap for 7 hours. Their website is horrible  after the first leg of my trip, I wised up and was trying to reserve extra legroom seats on the website but kept getting error messages and ultimately was not able to. This was absolutely infuriating. After all those errors on the website, I tried to call their customer service for help but only got voicemail. Absolutely infuriating. Good luck if you need any help after you book. No inflight entertainment. The power outlet at our seats worked only intermittently. Make every effort to charge your devices before boarding the plane. 
  I did not make this trip because Aeromexico does not have bad customer services, they have no customer service. I booked Austin to Lima roundtrip in first class for my husband and I. Approximately 3 months before our trip, I began receiving emails with changes to my itinerary ... significant changes which ultimately resulted in 2 extra legs to the trip and removal from first class for all travel except Mexico City to Lima. I have an extensive record of my efforts to speak to someone to address these unacceptable changes  emails, calls, Facebook chats  for 2 months and never spoke to anyone who could do anything except give me a different email address to submit my problem to. Thus the extensive record using multiple email addresses provided to me by Aeromexico staff. This itinerary was impossible for my elderly husband  changing planes 4 times, taking an entire day of travel, and riding in coach after paying for first class was beyond his capabilities. Ultimately, we had to relinquish our trip  continued to seek some kind of compensation, and have yet to speak to a single person who had any authority to assist us before or since the date of our travels. I will never use this airline for any trip ever again.
  Milan to Male. Nice airline. Very good in all services. Economy class is a very good class. Beverages are very good too with a lot of product. On my flight services were 3 snack, lunch and a afternoon snack with a slice of pizza. If you need something else you can ask to steward that will help you in every moment. Staff is very kind and happy. Good airline.
Flew on LA801 from SCL to SYD on 2615. On the outside LANs 7879 is a beautiful aircraft! On the inside though it is too cramped for a long haul service. The 3x4x3 configuration is reasonable however the seats are too close together. Pax taller than 1.8 metres and longer legs suffer all the way. Larger pax also do not fit in the narrow seats comfortably. For dinner in the absence of a vegetarian option I was offered Ravioli with nothing inside and very little tomato sauce for breakfast a cold ham and cheese sandwich accompanied by a cup of cold coffee? No cheese only sandwich a suitable vegetarian option was also not available. Someone spent so much money on the latest aircraft and forgot to put together a decent menu to feed its cramped passengers. Whats the story with Spanish speaking South American crews  no humour I thought this was isolated to Aerolineas Argentinas but LANs crew suffers from the same thing. Flying Emirates next time.
 Worst airline I have ever travelled on. I will never use AC ever again. The flight was delayed 3 times and then cancelled. We were rebooked the following day. They were fully aware that the flights would be delayed and made us wait at the airport from 9am to 4pm. They booked us for a night at a hotel, but were uncompensated for the cancellation. The flight on the following day was again further delayed. Airlines like this do not deserve to be operational.
The Croatia Airlines staff during check in was rude, unhelpful, and refused, without explanation to print out the boarding passes for each part of the flight. Forcing us to run around  trying to get boarding passes before boarding actually starts. Overall, experience with staff at the check in left me under impression that Im unavoidable annoyance to the lady who was checking me in. Very unpleasant experience. Flight itself was average, typical boring flight.
  We had to make a name correction for the booking due to a welldocumented marriagelegal name change process. Royal Air Maroc made us cancel and rebook the flight. Besides losing most of the money for the original ticket, we had to pay several hundred dollars extra for the new flight. This is a poor, inflexible policy and it should be revised. I am writing this complaint before the flight because it is specifically a complaint about customer service and airline policies. 
  Mumbai to London. Jet Airways is a former shadow of its past now, this was a great airline surpassing its rivals on this route. Check in at Mumbai, only two counters open, staff engaged in chats until manager arrives and four more counters open up! Before you board the plane your boarding card will be checked on 5 occasions, two by security and immigration and 3 by Jet Airways staff just before boarding. Seats leave a lot to be desired, our seats wouldnt recline, IFE was good, food was awful and portions tiny, The red wine served from a standard sized bottle had oxidised probably from the previous flight seat space is too cramped to eat. Cabin staff very sparse Im sure there were more on my previous trips. Jet mobile phone app a waste of time, didnt work for check in or on the plane. We certainly wont be using Jet Airways again for our travels.
  Actual time was 6.45 pm. It was informed yesterday that the flight is preponed to 5.15 pm and I had to rush leaving half work to reach airport. After 4.30 its displayed as delayed for 25 minutes. Finally flight took off after 6pm.
  Rio de Janeiro to Johannesburg via Luanda. We chose TAAG for its really low price. The flight itself didnt have problems but cabin staff was arrogant. The seats were the most comfortable economy seats Ive ever seen. Lots of room for your legs and they reclined more than other airlines. The food was okay, we were served 3 times from GIG to JNB. The inflight entertainment was okay, but in many seats the system or the screen was broken. The biggest issue onboard was the air conditioner. There is no individual air vent. So in the beginning of the flights it was really hot, and then it got progressively colder, until you could barely stand it. The blanket was enough for me, but you should have a coat handy. The ground service was mostly okay, except during our layover in Luanda we boarded and they took us on a bus to the plane. There we waited for 15 minutes with the doors of the bus closed. Then they took us back to the boarding gate in the airport. Nobody ever told us what was happening or what went wrong. The flight got delayed 20 minutes. Not a big problem, but they should tell you what is happening.
  This review is written from the viewpoint of not actually being able to fly AirCalin, despite wanting to. One of my favourite airlines preCovid but right now, theyre proving to be unreliable. A real shame. Booked my ticket through Air NZ utilising the AirCalin operated flight for a late afternoon flight home on Thursday 27th April, arriving early evening. And why not? A nice leisurely morning a swim at the beach before lunch, then heading to the airport. A pretty decent early dinner onboard with a good red for the 2 hour flight. Sounds good right? But AirCalin has other ideas. First flight reschedule received was to Friday 284 morning at 9 oclock. Not exactly stellar having to leave the hotel at 5 am but ok, Ill just book another night at hotel. Now today, one week from holiday, the Friday flight has been cancelled outright and rebooked on Air NZ still pretty good but lacking that certain je ne sais quoi these days. Two things grate. I now miss a friends wedding on Saturday afternoon and I need to schlep my bag to another hotel since the other hotel is now full on the Friday night. A shemozzle but at least Air NZ have rebooked flights, veg meal and seat selection without drama on the Saturday lunchtime flight. Thanks AirCalin for messing me about, not once but twice. If and when independence from France eventuates, AirCalin wont be able to hide behind Paris largesse. Itll need to stand and deliver. Thatll be interesting.
  Boarding was done efficiently with Sky PriorityBusiness passengers allowed on first. It was a nearlynew A350 and looked immaculate. We were greeted by enthusiastic cabin crew and shown to our seats. I have always taken the view that there is always at least one thing wrong with any business seat but not on this occasion. It was extremely well designed with an excellent screen, solid table, privacy, ample storage spaces and the ability to locate switches and power points without searching too hard. We were offered a glass of champagne, juice or water before takeoff and given a very impressively comprehensive menu. I had preordered the fish and it was incredibly tasty and excellently served by the cabin crew. I chose the delicious Chablis which seems to work well at altitude. It is an overnight flight and after the meal lights were dimmed. Although it was a flat bed seat I always believed that one sleeps better if it is at a slight angle  especially as aircraft never fly exactly horizontally. Despite only a blanket and pillow I had one of the most comfortable nights ever on an aircraft. I was awoken from breakfast and shown the omelette. This, I knew, never works that well but it was still tasty and accompanied by bread and fruit. Throughout the flight the cabin crew were absolutely excellent. Every request was answered and they were friendly, funny at times, very French of course and a credit to the airline. I have been flying regularly since I was four years old and this was easily one of my best experiences  well up to the standard pioneered by the Middle East airlines.
  The flights of Air Cairo starting from Hurghada were all delayed apart from one national flight. Our flight was marked delayed without any further information. Boarding started 5 min before the estimated departure. Passengers were driven to the Aircraft by bus and had to wait in the bus for 15 min. Then the bus drove back to the gate without any information and there was no staff at the gate. Passengers had to wait for almost 4 hours until boarding started again. Again no official information. The flight was redirected to Cologne instead of Dusseldorf. Therefore there a bus transfer to Dusseldorf was offered, which took a lot of time again. In total the arrival in Dusseldorf was delayed 5.5 hours and the only information we got was unofficial A passenger said the pilot told him, the airline has failed to get a landing permission for the aircraft in Dusseldorf.
I flew Syrianair to Vienna as a part of my flight to Montreal with Austrian Airlines. I had a very good experience during the 3 and a half hour flight. The leg room on this airbus plane was much better than that on any other airlines I flew before. The food was good and the staff were courteous. The landing was very smooth. I hope Syrianair would consider flying to Canada so flying home would be more convenient for Syrians living in North America.
 Washington to Entebbe via Brussels. Awful experience with Brussels Airlines  never again. Tried to pay for two extra bags online one way only for presents. Should have been $154 each with discount online, but they charged $200 each. Then the computer had a glitch and an email showed one extra bag to Uganda and two coming back. But the website confirmed four bags  two extra to Uganda. Computer was flawed because the three bags shown in the email would have cost $554 instead of the $400 paid. Called Brussels Airlines in Brussels and they confirmed there were four bags two extra Washington to Uganda on the website but this later disappeared. Brussels Air manager in Dulles said computer no longer showed either of the two extra bags Washington to Brussels to Uganda. He said pay another $400 and they would refund. But they didnt refund and wouldnt answer inquiries about the claim several weeks later. Then they lost the bags in Brussels for two days and failed to track them on the computer when found. The Dulles baggage agent said Brussels Air is the worst handling baggage and might lose them for a week or two. I called Brussels again and found they were on their way to Uganda. Six hours after my call they were still shown as lost on the computer. Bags came a day late and we had to pay a taxi $200 to transfer them across the country to our destination. On return the Brussels  Washington trip was cancelled at the last minute after departure from Entebbe and they tried to send us through Frankfurt instead of switching to UnitedBrussels to DC. We complained and they permitted the United flight. But we had paid for economy plus and United didnt respect that so we had to pay again. We put in a claim on the day of departure from DC for the double charge on excess baggage but they didnt respond, and when we called after some weeks still didnt respond in spite of promises by the phone rep. They also didnt respond to a request to refund the economy plus fee for the cancelled flight Brussels to Washington, even though the replacement airline United didnt recognize the payment to them and charged it again. Their airport reps were friendly and helpful but the Brussels organization is extremely inefficient. They still use the bankrupt Sabena identifier SN. A Belgian friend said Sabena meant Such a Bad Experience  Never Again. They seem to be keeping up that tradition. This experience was for my wife, though I made the payments and called Brussels in vain attempts to rectify the double charges of $800 on two extra bags to Uganda.
  This airline is the worst airline ever. I got on 3 planes and still in the same place. This airline is unprofessional and need to be shut completely down. Customer service sucks the one employee literally took a nap in front of me while I was waiting on a delay flight that never left because the pilots say they had already did their time after coming off a 5 hour break from my first delay. I will rather fly Frontier then this raggedy airline.
Gatwick to Mauritius on Boeing 787. Sat in seats 11A and B which were excellent with plenty of legroom considering they are classed as standard seats. Crew out were excellent, very attentive and both instances of food served were also very good. Flight was very enjoyable with just the right amount of time spent by the crew doing food and drink, and time allowing passengers to relax and get some sleep. As for the aircraft, very quiet, smooth flight and a decent choice of in flight entertainment. Was surprised at the legroom and the recline on the seats as I never usually sleep on an aircraft but managed a few hours on this one! No complaints!
Alicante to Madrid with Air Nostrum was a very good short flight. Checked in a few days before on line and got emergency exit seats at no cost.
Just last week flew on Monarch from Gatwick to Sharm. Second time in two years flown with Monarch and generally impressed with standard. On return trip I would say the crew were a little too social sharing conversation with colleagues a bit too openly and snacking drinking during services before flight etc. On the whole would fly again unless a legacy carrier were to open up a route. Would guarantee my custom if they were to offer a wider seat or separate cabin for a premium.
  Toronto to Venice. No TV or inseat entertainment. Poor meals for me. Clogged sink in the restroom. Small space for luggage. I was expecting more, I am very disappointed definitely will try to avoid flying with Air Canada rouge in the future.
  3 friends and I planned to fly from Boston to Santo Domingo on June 22nd via Orlando and had the most horrible experience. Flight NK2086 from Boston to Orlando was delayed by about 2 hours, and although we asked ground staff and stewards on the plane to communicate with the plane in Orlando so they could wait for us, they ignored our requests. When we landed in Orlando and got out of the plane after it was delayed another 20 or so minutes because the gate was occupied, I heard an announcement that boarding would close for the SDQ flight in 1 minute. I sprinted to the next gate followed by at least 8 others trying to make our connection, only to find the ground staff at the gate to close the door as we arrived. We were then told to go to the counter to rebook our flight. It was at least a 1hr wait in line because there were so many stranded Spirit passengers from various flights, and by the time it was our turn, the alternative flight we had seen online was already full. The staff told the 4 of us we were already rebooked for the same flight the next day, meaning a 24 hour wait. Since we didnt have that time and didnt want to be stuck at the airport for 24 hours, we asked to be refunded for the missed flight and our bag fees. I asked if they would cover our hotel and potentially meals since we would have to stay overnight at the airport especially if we would have gone with the offered alternative of waiting 24 hrs. They said no, I asked if we should sleep on the ground and they said yes. We ended up booking a flight with a different carrier that left early morning, still forcing us to spend the night at the airport and no sleep. Plus losing a night at the AirBnB that I paid for in Santo Domingo. Besides this horrible customer service and no compensation for the whole situation, on the way back it got worse. One of my 3 friends already planned to go back to Boston on Tuesday June 27 instead of Thursday June 29, but with the same flights. When he arrived at the airport, he found that the staff had canceled the entire rest of the reservation instead of just the one leg of flight we missed. Even though he had his flights in the Spirit app in his itinerary the entire time up to when he got to the airport. So he ended up being stuck at the airport for another night and having to book at his own expense another flight very expensive last minute, and it took him a total of 2,5 days to make it back to Boston. The rest of us didnt want to be in this situation and ended up booking another flight since we didnt trust the app, because it had still shown the reservation for him as well. When confronting Spirit about all of this mess and the extra costs incurred, they took zero accountability for the lack of communication between flights. They refunded a small amount for the missed flight on the way there and gave some travel credit why would I ever fly with them again, but not for bags $100 each way!, or any of the expenses incurred with booking new flights, missed time and foodlodging. Most horrible airline ever.
  . Flying from Moscow to St.Petersburg on May 7th. My first Pobeda experience, but flying regularly with EasyJet, Ryanair and WizzAir. Compare to those Pobeda seems to be a bit too much low cost in terms of service. The boarding started on time and then waiting 30 min in the bus not a nice experience at 6 am. Seats do not have even any seat pocket so you have to keep your newspapers or anything else on your knees. I felt that except of the compulsory safety procedure the main purpose of the cabin crew is to make sure no one is asking for anything. Absolutely no service offered and no presence in the cabin during the flight. Price not that attractive given the service. Flight was on time. Overall, an unfriendly airline.
  Yangon to Singapore. Totally disappointed with Jetstar. Feedback to Jtstar online about their poor management in checking in group check in. On 22 Feb, there is a big group checking in, group calling out to their members to filled up their luggage weight to maximize and not pay extra $$. The queue is super long and the staff did nothing. I went to online jetstar feedback and told them about having a group check in and not to delay other passengers. The only reply I get from Jetstar is they will feedback to their team leaders. And they shut off my online chat without letting me reply.
  Poor service. It was freezing, a lot of people complained. Very uncomfortable. Also, The jet way did not work, and this exact problem occurred on the same exact jet way the last time we took this flight about 3weeks earlier.
  Vancouver to Taipei. I have flown this airline several times and normally had good service but my last flight was a disaster. We were scheduled to leave Vancouver at 220 am. After no notifications the flight was delayed for one hour. At 4 am we were told it was now delayed until 8 am. After trying to sleep for a few hours on benches or the floor at 830 we were told the flight was cancelled. This was just the beginning. After going through customs and immigration we never left the country? We got back to the checkin counters and formed an enormous queue of approximately 300. They had 34 ground staff to attempt to rebook all of us on other flights as they were not sure that the aircraft would be ready to fly the next morning. Complete chaos ensued. There was virtually no communication between CA staff and passengers. Finally around 550 pm the last of us were confirmed on flights the following day. They begrudgingly gave a few dozen passengers hotel rooms with no food allowance. I lost 2 days in Manila, my final destination and was not offered any compensation for my prepaid hotel room. Overall a terrible beginning to a trip.
Beirut  Kuwait Jazeera Plus cabin. Groundstaff rude and inefficient. My luggage arrived as one of the last pieces in Kuwait Airport rather than first off! Cabin crew friendly and attentive food free Jazeera Plus cabin is comfortable. Toilets were clean and food tasty.
Our flight was delayed then cancelled in Qingdao with no reason given for several hours. Only after hours of complaining by irate passengers were we offered a hotel room for the night a small refund for our troubles and another flight out the next day. The next day we were boarded on the plane and then it was delayed again for a halfhour as something was repaired and they waited for some document to arrive. Once in the air the flight was uneventful and crew were helpful and courteous.
  I was flying alone to Singapore with my six month old and after changing for a bassinet for weeks before our flight I was told in the end that I couldnt get it. I was forced to hold him for 14 hours straight and of course he was so tired by the end of that flight and so was I. Every step of the processes they kept palming me off from one person to the other and I never got a seat. They prioritised their member customers. I was so disappointed by their absolute incompetence of the customer service that I ended up breaking down on the flight and the flight attendants tried helping me, and agreed to send in a complaint themselves. Safe to say was the worst flight I ever had!
  If I could give them minus 5 stars I would. This is the worst and most dishonest airline I have ever dealt with. Dont expect them to ever return your phone call or email because it wont happen.  I paid for extra luggage but was not allowed to use it because they didnt update the ticket. Then they admitted the mistake but wont refund the cost because extra luggage is nonrefundable. This makes no sense. 
  Orlando to Amsterdam via Reykjavik. Like many people here, we booked several months in advanced and our flight got cancelled few weeks before departure. Without any reason. Wow Air offered an alternative flying two weeks later or fly from New York rather than Orlando. Both werent realistic and the customer services agent agreed. We had our hotels, rental car, events, etc. already booked. Since it was in the beginning of January, it cost us an additional 600 euro to fly home with another airline. Hours later than we originally planned.
Salzburg  Kln Economy class a couple of weeks ago. Had booked this ticket about a month ago for 60 Euros. Checkin was easy friendly and efficient. The onehour flight was uneventful. Snacks and drinks sold on board at a fair price. The aircraft was clean and the flight attendants cordial though disengaged with passengers. On time departure and arrival. Baggage collection at Kln was fairly quick. Great value for money. Would fly them again.
  Recently during April I flew from Australia to South America with LAN on the following routes. Sydney  Santiago NZ stopover enroute  Bogota  Medellin  Bogota  Santiago NZ stopover enroute  Sydney. SydneySantiago LA800 6 April  Dreamliner Flight was excellent. Dreamliner is a very nice plane, comfortablemodernquiet, possibly due to air recirculation system, seats in business class were excellent as was the food. Staff were excellent, professional and attentive, also the replacement crew from the NZ to Santiago leg. Arrived in Santiago and baggage got misplaced looked like it was going to continue on to Bogota, the dates on the tag stated I would have 2 nights in Santiago. Spoke to 2 LAN baggage handling staff who quickly escalated the matter to their superior and kept following up on this, one went to lunch but they continued to pursue the status of my bag and were always keeping me updated. About an hour later I had the bag and was heading to the hotel. Thanks to the baggage handlers who made an error into a very good customer service experience. SantiagoBogota LA574 8 April  767 I think, older plane. Cabin crew and attendants were excellent, professional and attentive throughout this flight. LAN need to speed up the maintenancereplacement of planes on longer internal routes. Plane issues  Twice before takeofftaxing the overhead locker dropped open. Upon takeoff the foot locker of an adjacent seat fell open. An airconditioning section dropped down and had to be taped up with gaffer tape, I had issues with the electric seat and controls which did not initially respond due to the age of the equipment and gears not catching. I had to replace the headset as reception was scratchy and then when done if I bumped the section where the plug connected with the seat then it would switch the volume to the loudest level. Heaps of small issues due to the age of the plane. Credit and thanks to the flight crew who soldiered on and had to perform duties when the plane is falling apart on them. BogotaMedellinBogota LA3016 Reasonable, smaller plane, On the return flight from Medellin to Bogota the transport from the plane to the lounge, the internal On runway transport at Bogota is not well organised. BogotaSantiago LA575 23 April, 767 I think, an older plane Flight was trouble free. Crew excellent, friendly and attentive throughout. Upon landing to the return connecting flight to Sydney was directed to speak to ground crew in relation to locationtiming to head to make my directing flight. Upon getting off the plane and inquiring where I was to go, was grunted at by a LAN ground staff member who pointed in the direction of the airbridge and continued her texting on her mobile phone Job well done. SantiagoSydney LA801 24 April, Dreamliner Very nice flight on this new plane, appointments, take off noise very quiet, good seats and controls. Cabin crew continued on a similar theme from the other flights, all were excellent, helpful and professional throughout the flight as was the crew from NZ to Sydney. Best Points  Quality of the Dreamliner and the flight. Professionalism, friendliness, attentiveness of Cabin crewattendants throughout all legs. Professionalism of the baggage handlers at Santiago with helping find my bag. Worst Points  Deterioration on the older planes that are being used on internal South American routes.
  We have tried to get a refund for fully refundable tickets we purchased way back in 2020, for a trip that was canceled by the airline. It has been a very difficult process, very hard to reach any live help. We paid $2293 for a trip that never materialized, and after 3 years, I am about to give up. It seems they definitely will not refund money unless they are forced.
  I cant tell you how disappointed I am with Philippine Airlines and upset with the service! On January 10, we received the message that our flight VNZ38N was rescheduled. In this message from Philippines Airlines says that if you do not want to accept this you can contact the service. I contacted them through Whats App on January 26 and the support team assisted me on my request. I specifically asked if I can cancel the tickets for my husband and for me and get a full refund. He checked twice and confirmed that we would be refunded the full amount for both flights. On 26 January, I then received an email from Philippines Airlines for my husband and me, that I should contact the service again, because more information is needed from us. I contacted the service again via Whats App on Feb 2. I had to explain everything from the beginning again and was in chat for over two and a half hours! I explained that the service advisor confirmed to me on 2601 that the full amount for both flights will be refunded and I showed the screenshot with this confirmation. They unfortunately could not help me at all. 150 minutes in the chat took me a lot of time and nerves and nothing came out of it! I filed a complaint on February 1 for my husband and for me at emailprotected with our reference numbers. On February 2, a service representative called me from 18004359725. He said that he cant provide me the full name, we talked on the phone for 20 minutes. He got approval by his manager to refund our full amount as confirmed already by Sergio on Jan 26th in Whats App Chat... He understood that based on Sergios confirmation, we cancelled the two flight tickets through Philippines Airlines and booked a new flight with another airline, because there was no flight from Philippine Airlines which fits in our time schedule with the other flights. We did this based on the statement that we would be refunded the full amount for these two flights! He therefore spoke with his manager and received clearance for the full refund to us. He told me that he will give this info to the back office and that back office will then email me the confirmation for the full refund for the canceled tickets. To date I have not received an email! Now that Ive spoken to three service people from Philippine Airlines, wrote several times emails, invested so much time and have to start all over again, Im very upset
  I could not take my flight and asked for the taxes to be refunded. One told me this is non refundable, another one tells me their commission is higher than the taxes so no refund, and another one tells me if they ask for a refund, the airport will probably reject it. Seriously, at what point did I ask you your opinion!? Never again!
 There were enough counters to check in for business class but boarding was a disaster. The plane was not at a gate and a rather long drive by a bus was necessary. Old 319 with very hard seats. With a business class ticket one could go to the bus first but that was it. The captain gave some information before and also during the flight. The inflight service was extremely poor, one of the most scandalous business classes in Europe. A plate with some cold stuff and 2 slices of a dark stale bread no rolls at all  extremely poor and limited choice of drinks. On a 2.30 hour flight just one drink? FA were very neutral. I was happy the flight was over and Brussels was reached some 10 min ahead. I never will book this airline again. Avoid TAP !!
  This is Saudias Saudi Arabian Airlines budgetlowcost airline. I have flown 3 flights recently. This flight was on a one year old A320, though the carpets and upholstery were looking tired. What impresses me about this airline is its on time! This flight arrived at the gate 25 minutes early. I prepaid for row 2 seat and a chicken byriani. In total, the fare was far less than Saudias standard guest fare. At Tabuk, Flyadeal choose not to use air bridges and boarding is quick and efficient using stairs at the front and rear of the plane. Service on board is fast and efficient. The seats are comfortable enough fora 90 minute flight. The food was very good. It was hot, tasty and the chicken was not dry. Crew were friendly and efficient. Theres supposed to be a 7kg hand luggage limit and this wasnt checked. The major issue this airline has is that some passengers do not understand the budget airline concept. I will certainly consider flying Flyadeal more regularly.
  Seoul to Minsk via Moscow. I had a booking that involved two airlines and three layovers, and when I came to check in in the city of origin, it turned out I needed a visa to make the first layover. A visa I didnt have. Aeroflot the second airline agreed to take my luggage from the first airline so that I wouldnt need to go through passport control and pick up my luggage and then check in again to continue my journey. I will never forget their kindness. Moreover, on the second leg of my journey I had a problem with my ticket bought through the agent, not from the airline and the manager Andrei in Seoul check in desk went the extra mile to call the agent on my behalf and try and solve the problem, and in the end helped me to buy a new ticket all the way being calm, supportive and professional. The more I fly Aeroflot, the more I feel secure that I will always be taken care of.
  Aegean Airlines forced me to check my hand luggage too without additional fee. I checked it in the departure airport Yerevan and when I arrived at my destination airport Hamburg I got a notification from Aegean app that my hand luggage which they forced me to check as a 2nd piece of luggage is delayed. In  Hamburg Airport I could not find the responsible person for Aegean Airlines who will help mein this situation. 
  I started on my 1st flight on the morning of the 23rd September, the flight attendants not welcoming in any way. The plane was a 777,it was old and the infotainment system was a disaster, it hardly worked and when it did there was nothing but old shows and rubbish to watch. The plane did not have individual aircon and it felt like I was in a Sauna for 12 hours. Being hot as hell they do not offer drinks, only water and juice. I had to get up, waking the old man next to me, just to get water, and when I asked the guy for water it was like I asked if I could sleep with his wife. Oh My word what a horrific flight. Cairo to Johannesburg, the plane was a 787 so it was up market, but we had a 1 hr delay on the plane before take off, with only the captain coming online telling us we have a 15 min delay and he was sorry. Only male flight attendants and  we got soggy sandwiches wrapped in plastic. Then offering coffee they ran past us not even giving you a chance to ask. Morning breakfast was a roll with a thick slice of cheese and some fruit. 
  Upon checking in at the Rex Airlines counter at Sydney airport I received exceptional and thoughtful service from Jorja. I have a pacemaker and Jorja took the time to assist me by walking me to the appropriate security section and making sure I was taken care of by security staff. I found Jorjas assistance invaluable and nothing was a problem for her. Jorja showed not only professionalism but also a kind caring approach to my needs. I will not forget her kindness. What a wonderful approach to old fashioned customer service.
  We used flight credits from their previous stuff ups to fly to Morocco. Flights were changed and canceled. 2 hour delays at the airport when we finally got to fly. We had to rearrange our accommodations which of course cost $$$ to take new flights and pay more for these. Then when we left Marrakesh the attendant at the checkin counter forced me to check in my carry on. Told me I could not board if I didnt as it was a full flight. I told her we had a 40 minute transfer in Madrid and that I was worried our bags would not come with us. She assured me they would, now we are in Croatia and have been waiting 3 days for our bags. Totally ruined our time here as we have to stay at our accommodations in case they show up. No answering phones, no replies to messages, no response to lost baggage claims. Thank you so much Iberia for your pathetic attitude to the customers that keep you in the air. Never ever ever again will I fly with you. 
  Tel Aviv to Moscow. I ordered diabetic meal which was just not edible for me. when I tried to change the meal for the flight back they said its not possible because its 24 hours before the flight. I dont think 24 hours notification is unreasonable for changes about food. 
  I booked my flight three month in advance. My flight got delayed for two hours causing me to miss my last flight to the final destination. Both flights were Austrian Airlines. I received a hotel voucher but this does not change the fact that I missed a very important day. They rebooked me automatically and in the end I have to take two more flights.
Although a low cost airline, Shaheen Air was quite nice, although the airport checkin was pretty bad with only one line and the agents taking forever. The flight had a gate change 4 times, and we had a one hour delay announced at the last minute before boarding was to finish. The flight attendents were very friendly during the flight and the aircraft was decent, also the meal some chicken mayo bun with a chicken leg along with marble cake was pretty delicious and filling. The plane was leased and originally from SpanAir so the cabin had grey leather seats, but it was comfortable though. Also a nice touch from Shaheen Air was the pretakeoff water which was provided and newspapers in English and Urdu.
 They charge me $60 for a very small suitcase it was smaller and lighter than backpack and one backpack is allowed but just because it had wheels they charged me for that and they charged me $15 to give a seat next to my daughter otherwise we had to seat separate they do this to couples as well and then we had 10 hours delay and we had to sleep at the airport because they issued the boarding pass and we couldnt leave the airport and they compensated this nonsense by $10 voucher. Ill never ever fly with this stupid airline.
  Denpasar to Jakarta. Lion Air is better now, even they still have no free baggage but it suits with the price. The ground staff was very helpful, they print out my boarding pass and gave me front seat. The cabin is clean and comfy, their flight attendant were very helpful. The lavatory is clean. Smooth take off and the flight is on time.
 The flight was delayed 2,5 hours, then redirected to another city because the Berlin airport closed at midnight. Landed around 02.00 am in Hannover and offered a 4hour bus trip to Berlin where we got around 6.00 am. In total instead 22.45 pm arrival in the next day at 6.00 am with a wholenight travel. They send us an email that we will get compensation for the delay. But when I applied  the answer was that the delay was due to the airport technical delay not the company itself. So no compensation. Not to mention, they cancelled my flight to Italy two years ago due to COVID restrictions but didnt cancel the flight back. Never received any compensation for that as well. It just looks like economy but I would have saved money if I booked a better airline like easyJet btw, they always return money if delayed. Never again.
  Delhi to Bangalore. Worst experience ever. I had 1 stop flight. First flight delayed for like an hour. Next flight delayed for 6 hours without any further notice. This is my first and last time going with this company
  Manado to Jakarta. Delay after delay, plane left two hours before time so we had to wait 6 hours, we already booked a hotel but couldnt use it because of our delay. On our way back the plane was one hour delayed, we missed our transfer to Istanbul. We had to pay for other tickets and had also to stay two more days in Jakarta instead of going home. We made a lot of costs, I sent a lot of mails to Batik air but dont get an answer.
  Had refundable business class tickets to Israel on El Al in February 2023. Unfortunately due to health issues we had to cancel. El Al told us we would get our refund in 69 weeks. We received all other refunds on hotels, tours and museums within days. When the 9 weeks passed without getting the refund, we called and were told our issue was being sent to billing and at a minimum we would get a status email if not payment in 2448 hours. When we received nothing, we called again and spoke to a supervisor who can only say our claim is a priority. When we asked to speak to his manager, he said he was the highest level English speaking supervisor and since we dont speak Hebrew there was nobody else to talk to. Issue is still not resolved
 Before my flight I called Hawaiian airlines to get an approval to use my cpap machine on the plane each way from New York JFK to Honolulu. The woman told me I would have to upgrade my seat because coach does not have outlets but extra comfort does have them so I had to pay over $900 for upgrade for my wife and I to use my medical device. Only allowed 100 watts for a battery and thats not enough to run a cpap machine. Flight from JFK to HNL no problem used the machine 5 star. Return flight from HNL to JFK I was told cpap machines are not allowed on the plane. I told the lady I was approved to use it. They called the supervisor and he said it is a safety issue I cannot use it. I said it is only a safety issue if it is used in the emergency exit, and this is not where I am sitting. Told him I was allowed to use it on flight 51 on the way to HNL. He said no I cannot use my machine on an overnight flight, my throat literally closes up from snoring. After reading Hawaiian Airlines rules it clearly says rule number 8 cpap is a medical device and allowed to be used. Its a shame this ruined the whole experience of flying with Hawaiian airlines because all the rest of the staff was great. Paid the for the seats so I can use the cpap.
  I was travelling from Madurai to Singapore with my Wife and three kids Twin infants and toddler. The crew offered no help. Me and my wife were struggling to keep the hand luggage inside the cabin.  Luckily one of the passenger after watching all this helped us to keep our luggage inside the cabin. Such a poor experience with Air India express. I dont understand why they have such a helpless and inhumane crew members. 
AswanAbu Simbel return as part of a prebooked excursion. Had I known it was this airline I might have thought twice. Flew on a DC9  I am 45 and sure this aircraft was older than me. It should be in a museum. Most of our tour party were quite relieved to make it back to Aswan  and that is about the most I could say about this flight  we made it back. Surprisingly staff quite good for a 30 minute flight each way. Not for the faint hearted.
  Ground staff comprehension skills are so low. I had an approval from my destination country that mentions exempted from quarantine, the ground staff were insisting for me to have hotel quarantine and held me for more than 30mins! They tried calling for other colleagues and was unsure of what they are doing. I ended up going back on the line without even a proper explanation. Worst ground staff service ever.
  I have booked tickets for 6 people. 4 hours before the flight take off I received a call from AirAsia customer service that the flight is cancelled due to technical issue. I was asked to take the next day 5 am call. I told them I had already started my commute to airport and try to find an alternate flight for the same day. 10 minutes later I got a call again stating that the technical problem got resolved and I can use the same flight. When I enquired with some of the copassengers to find out whether they received similar call from AirAsia, none of them had received calls like that. 
 Terrible sequence of events, showing this airline has problems. 1 delayed 4hrs ex SIN 2 missed connex in MEL due delay std1200 3 New connex flight cancelled at 4.10pm 4 On arrival in MEL, 30min delay to deplane aircraft due no staff to position airbridge 5 Baggage delayed 1hour due staff shortages including multiple carousel changes 6 1 hour queue to rebook connexion 7 Connexion flight delayed till 9.20pm due no seats 8 Overall arrival delay in Brisbane 10.5 hours. Flights themselves average with not much inflight service apart from minimum.
  A boutique airline, managed under Malaysia airlines. Mainly fly within Western Malaysia peninsula, with only one international destination which is Singapore. I appreciate the fact that they use the old Subang airport, and it flies to another little airport and thats Xeletar in Singapore. Check in was done quickly. Boarding process was orderly and smooth. The ATR32 is a small but beautiful plan laid out in a 2x2. The seats are actually quite spacious and good leg room, stewardess are welcoming and hard working, free water and packet of nuts given free. Overall it was a unique experience. This is definitely another great way to travel between these 2 cities. Get a window seat for a great scenic flight experience.
LHRTUNISLHR out 1 Oct return 11 Oct 2013. Flight delayed 1 hour both times hot meal provided on both flights even in economy. Newer A320 both ways crew pleasant no real complaints except the late departures!
 My partner and I were traveling from Seattle back home to San Francisco on 7162023, and I purposefully purchased an earlier flight from Seattle as we were traveling on a Sunday and both of us had work the following morning. Our flight was scheduled to depart at 355 PM and was to land at SFO by 608 PM. First red flag Alaska Airlines changed the gate to a completely different part of Seattles airport last minute. Extremely inconvenient as this was done very close to the alleged boarding time, and Seattles airport is massive and required several train transfers to reach the new gate. Second red flag delays without any information. First the flight was delayed from 355 PM to 502 PM, but no information as to why. Then, the flight was delayed to 6 PM, again no information as to why. Then, 740.... 810....900....940....1000....we finally departed at 1019 PM a 6 hour delay as our airplane was broken and a crew was repairing it for hours. It took over 3 departure time changes for anyone to tell us what was going on, and the Alaskan Airlines representatives were basically unsure as to if we would even be leaving that day as it was all up in the air. Why was there no back up airplane? Why not take an airplane that was scheduled to depart much later in the daynight, and have that flight then use our airplane that was being repaired? Alaska Airlines thought they could mend things by giving us each $100 flight credit to be used for a future flight which will go to waste as I will never fly with Alaska Airlines again as well as $24 meal vouchers per person, which if anyone knows the price of airport food then thats enough for maybe 1 sandwich and a drink. Worst flight experience of my life, never again will I fly with Alaska Airlines or recommend Alaska Airlines to friendsfamily.
  Singapore to Chennai. Worst airline ever. Old plane bad seats. Extremely rude staff. Never go for thsi airline price go for expensive one u will regret when u fly from this airline. I will never fly again. Told me to turn off phone even when its on flight mode.
  I was due to travel with Blue Air to France on the 23rd December but because I got Covid, I was not able to travel anymore. I called the call centre many times to ask for a refund or credit but the only thing they would offer is for me to change my ticket to another date. When I checked which dates I could change my ticket to, the only month, out of the entire year in 2022 I could possibly change my ticket to was in March. I told them that by that time, I will be around 32 weeks pregnant and so might be difficult for me to fly, the only response I got was I cant help you, nobody can help you. No choice but to change my ticket to March and now, if I want to change my tickets again if by some miracle more dates pop up, I will be charged to change our flights. For something that is completely out of my control, I am getting penalised for it and I cant even get a refund. Customer service? Ha! I dont think those words are in their vocabulary, they didnt seem interested to help at all and repeatedly told me that they are just the call centre and cant help.
  Kathmandu to Mumbai. Terrible management. We were travelling with two senior citizens 80 and 77 years old and they refused refused to provide us with two wheelchairs. They insisted that it was only a 2 minute walk from the checkin counter till the boarding gate and that the 77 year old should attempt to walk it herself. This treatment was absolutely shameless. We would not recommend this flight to anyone. We are just completely appalled.
  Southwest says at check in they are not responsible for damage to bags. I get to my destination and my bag was damaged. This isnt the first time... Coincidence? Handle with care Southwest. Its not rocket science. Your loading luggage. Dont be lazy.
  Corfu to Gatwick. MT 1026 outbound flight, within half an hour of take off with various free magazines and newspapers, I was offered a complimentary breakfast and a bottle of wine. Drop down flight monitors provided good information about arrival time, and the outside temperature. MT 1027 Arrived at the airport and almost immediately Thomas Cook reps had vanished, tiny airport. Flight was on time  service was very poor on board, when the food came round I was told that I would have to pay for anything I wanted, even though I stated I did not have to pay from the UK. I was really annoyed by this double standard on board  nobody seemed to care.  A Thomas cook holiday costing nearly eight hundred pounds should include free food and beverages both ways. It seemed I as a passenger didnt matter during the rush to get back to the UK they couldnt even be bothered to switch on the flight destination screens. I was sent an email asking for my review, and I am still waiting for some feedback. If it were my business I would want to know good or bad comments, and then improve the shortfalls.
  Flight comfort is okay in Economy Class, no issue there.  From now on I will avoid them as much as I can due to the following experience I booked a return flight BERBRUBER, but due to my own mistake the first flight was booked for the evening instead of the morning. As there are no alternatives with BU, I booked a single flight to Brussels with another company and didnt check in for the Brussels Airlines ticket. If you dont checkin into the first flight, the second one gets cancelled automatically if you dont confirm with their services within a day or so. And the heads up is done with a simple email, on a Saturday morning in my case. I ended not being able to checkin with the flight back to Berlin, calls the support and just get brushed off, that I should have read the fine prints.
 Cairo to Sharjah was delayed more than an hour. From Sharjah to Dhaka was delayed more than an hour too. No internet, no screen in front. There was food services from Cairo to Sharjah but no food from Sharjah to Dhaka almost 5 hours, food had to be purchased by cash UAE dirhams. Very rude ground staff in Cairo, Sharjah, Dhaka. They do not consider that everyone pays for hisher own trip, so every passenger must be a valued customer for the airline. I will never travel Air Arabia next time for sure.
  I think Delta has designed the perfect business classlie flat seat. I flew the 767400 to London recently. It was a new aircraft to me. Its so comfortable. All the seats feel private, there is ample storage space, the amenities were deluxe.
  Really bad and poor customer service and manage booking system. I had booked two EasyJet tickets for a flight this Christmas from Uk to Spain. I tried to add a selected seat today Nov 26th for one of the passengers, which included an extra large cabin bag and other different perks. Unfortunately, their system when you tried to get one of those selected seats, it does not allow you to continue with the process without buying obligatory another seat for the other passenger even I do not need it. So I decided to contact them by chat to see if they can get me a solution. After expending 30 minutes chatting with the customer service agent, he told me that he can provide me with this service but £5 more expensive than the website price. I asked him, why, and he mentioned that doing it through the website is cheaper. The situation was ridiculous, even though I spent precious time chatting with him, EasyJet wants to charge me more because of their badly designed system. I wished I could do it by the website without expending more time. So I recommend to people to even booked passenger tickets separately and you can manage the options individually or book flight tickets with another company which has a better system, EasyJet tries to get as much money as they can from their loyal customers. But never more, even I was one of the people affected by their famous data breach and never claim anything because I have been using Easy Jet for a long time and always I had good service. But not anymore, I am very disappointed with them and I encourage other people to go for different airline companies. EasyJet never again.
  Terrible Service. Very uncoordinated at the gates and mandatory masks on board, but it was not enforced. Had to spend money on masks at the airport after being denied boarding because of no mask. 
  Flew SmartWings from Djerba to Brno. Pretty good, plane was new and clan. Surprisingly for low cost airline, there actually was space for legs. Staff were quite friendly and even offered younger son to see cockpit and pilots have been very nice to him answering all and sometimes pretty stupid questions. 
  Malta to Heathrow. I used to go business class but unless you have the front row the leg room isnt very good. It is also quite antiquated compared to say Cathy Pacific where for the same flighttime of around three hours you get your own cubicle, a menu and topclass service. I now fly economy and every time there is a problem with checkin. Instead of having designated checkin desks for each destination they have about five for all destinations. This causes all sorts of problems as each flight destination has differing takeoff times. Its not rocket science to figure out if theres a huge holdup in your queue with everyone going to different places that the earlier flights have the danger of either missing their flight or spending so much time queuing you get no time to relax or have breakfast before boarding. When I travelled to Heathrow from Malta in April this year the computer in our queue packed up. Instead of using some sort of intelligence and splitting our queue into other ones which were working we were simply standing waiting. I had got to the airport early and spent almost an hour in the queue just standing. In the end I jumped queues as I was worried I might miss my flight. The checkin staff are very slow, the slowest out of all the many airlines Ive travelled with. The only trouble is I have to use them as there is no alternative.
  Overall quite satisfied with this Ryanair flight. Was on time and bags were delivered very rapidly. No entertainment or drinks but thats to be expected with a budget airline.
  Frankfurt to Chicago in Business. My journey started with a friendly checkin in Frankfurt. Although the Business lounge before entrance to Z gates was very busy, there were enough seats. Food and drink options were very good with a big choice of alcoholic sparkling wine, spirits and beer on tap and nonalcoholic drinks. On board the service was fantastic. The female crew member in my section was very friendly and attentive. Business seats in 222 configuration with a lack of privacy and storage space, but they are still comfortable. IFE had a very good selection, although the quality oft the screen could have been better. The food was very good, both taste and presentation. Drink selection was great including Champagne, a great Spanish red wine and raspberry brandy. One negative aspect was the missing free WIFI for Business class passengers. While there were different options available for reasonable prices, I think WIFI should be free for passengers in Business Class. Overall I was satisfied with Lufthansas Business Class while some parts could be improved.
  Johannesburg to Cape Town. I have not travelled on SAA for a while, and I was a bit apprehensive of using them having read some reports on this site. Check in was by machine in JNB. The first contact with SAA staff was in the JNB domestic lounge. Lounge facilities were fine, comfortable seating and good selection of refreshments on hand at the time of visit. lunchtime Boarding at the gate commenced slightly early, perhaps due to the bussing requirement to the remote stand where the aircraft was parked. On board staff advised that the aircraft was only 8 months old. After departure drinks and lunch were served, chicken or beef being the main course choice. Arrival in CPT was on time. Very impressed with the service on this short flight.
  I was supposed to fly from Tokyo to Barcelona, via Paris CDG through international path no need to get in French, EU, or Schengen territory at any point, as it was clearly stated when purchasing the flight, I had chosen precisely this airline and route, because it was one of the easiest in terms of transfer and Covid restrictions, since my final destination, Spain, had no requirement for vaccination or any type of test, and the French authorities, and CDG site stated that there were no conditions for transferring through the airport. On arrival at the checking counter at Narita airport, JAL staff asked me for my documents and my PCR test results, to what I replied, that they were not needed to get to Spain. They didnt know about the Spanish conditions and were confused from the beginning. After discussing among the team, and calling different people on the phone, they informed me that they were requiring the PCR in order to fly, because they knew of someone that got rejected to transfer in Paris without PCR. They proceeded to suggest that i changed my route to go through Helsinki and London, when I had to inform them myself, that the route was not possible since the UK was for sure requiring a PCR in order to transfer at their airports. I showed the manager the official French government and airport sites explaining that PCR was not needed for someone transferring in CDG, showed that Air France was not requiring PCR for me to fly to Spain. All these took approximately 4 hours, and the only response I got was that JAL was following indications by the Japanese embassy in France, and that on their site, they suggested that everyone had a PCR in order to transfer in France. I was offered to change my flight for the following day, under the condition of getting a PCR test. I did get my PCR test and returned to the airport the following day. Hoping that with some time, they would have had time and the decency to at least check and apologize for the mistake. Nonetheless, I found myself with the same response, that the Japanese embassy in France was suggesting a PCR, so they were right to force me to get one. This whole situation generated a very bad experience and affected my trust in JAL.
  Qantas has been facing challenges with their service postpandemic so I was delighted to receive high quality service onboard my latest flight from Melbourne Tullamarine to Sydney Kingsford Smith. The ground crew were always available and exceptional when helping you. This service continued when we boarded and throughout the flight. Fast and free wifi was provided which helped with the lack of entertainment provided. Qantas features some movies, but they are limited. Meal service consisted of juice or water and an apple crumble bar. The flight was great value for money considering it was booked using Classic Rewards Points  Pay
Food was brilliant, the wine and desserts. The cheesecake with fruits on top and the 1995 Warres Otima Colheita Tawny Port are my personal favourite. Pajamas provided by the airline, the cabin crew helped fixing my seats into full flat bed. The bed is soft yet supportive.  I had chance to order their signature cup noodles. 
 My departure time was on 23.15 from SAW airport. I went to the checkin counter at around 20.30. As the counter was assigned to literally all of the AnadoluJet flights, I had to wait in the line for more than an hour and a half. When I finally reached the counter, I noticed that the staff cannot speak English effectively. In fact, they pronounced kg as Kee Zhee. On top of that great experience so far, there still was a surprise awaiting me. Right at the counter, I realized that the baggage allowance for this flight is 20 Kg, not 25 Kg, and not 30 Kg. That, of course, was my own fault. My baggage was 7 Kg overweight and I was willing to pay for that extra weight. You may not believe it, but that simple process took almost an hour because it was so hard for them to accept USD instead of YTL or EUROs. Finally, after a long wait in the final passport control gate, I ran from there to the flight gate and reached there at around 23.05. But, it was not the end of that terrible experience. When I got onboard, I realized that the passengers are arranged as if there has never been a COVID 19 pandemic. Everyone was sitting in the closest possible distance from the next person and meanwhile there was no passenger in almost 15 of the plane. In addition to that, when I found my seat, I noticed that there is no room for my hand bag in the compartment above my head. When I asked the flight attendant for help, he, again with the most possibly basic English, responded that he cannot do anything because he does not know whose belongings are occupying the compartment. Finally, I should add that, I am from Iran and my country is not known for its high quality airlines, but even so, this was my worst flight ever.
  This company is terrible. From the customer service to the hidden fees, to the inconsistent fees, to blaming everyone else. Our flight was delayed 6 hours received an email saying my flight was updated, but no change to flight departure. Sat in the airport in Toronto from 6 am until 1 pm. Then we were taxied around for about 35 minutes to the plane, where we sat for another 1 hour. Seat assignment was only for some people  the lady sitting beside me did not have an assigned seat, but upon check in my fianc and I were told we must have an assigned seat. Be consistent. We checked a bag they lost the bag. The guy checking it in did not care at all about us checking in he also knew about the delay but didnt say anything. When we found out where the bag was lost, turns out he didnt put it in place to actually be delivered to be on the plane. It didnt leave Toronto. He also could not figure out how to check it in, so just said its free, rather than following steps. No wonder it was lost. Upon arriving, we couldnt find anyone from Lynx to find out where our bag was. Staff left. We dealt with someone from another airline. Upon checking in to come home spent 2 hours on hold, to only give up assuming they were not staffed a 15 minute wait time was a bit ridiculous to be 2 hours and counting. We called the next morning, within 2 minutes of opening took 45 minutes to speak to an agent, who told us we didnt have a return flight and wouldnt look into it. He literally said, Im not sure figure it out. Upon getting boarding passes, we had to pay to check in our carry on  we did not on the way here? Flight was delayed again. We had a layover in Calgary coming back. A 3045 min delay was over 2.5 hours potentially more, gave up on time tracking. No meal voucher provided but Lynxs website says they will provide. If I could give a negative stars review I would.
AmsterdamAntalyaAmsterdam. Reasonable flight capable and pleasant FAs. Legroom sufficient for me. Refreshments pricey and low quality. Passengers should be aware that this is a nonEU company and that as such the protection of rights in the event of delay cancellations and such is not applicable.
  Sydney to Nadi and return with Fiji Airways. We traveled with 3 adults and 3 kids. I thought the service standards were very good. They were a little disorganized around boarding but the experience was otherwise great. The staff were friendly. We got the larger A330 over which was better than the B737800 that we came back on due to the back of seat entertainment in the Airbus.
  Hong Kong to Jeju via Seoul return. Comfortable flights and good for cost per performance.  The inflight meal was good quality and FAs served for passengers politely. For the return flights, when I checkedin at CJU, I could through checkin to HKG and no need to pickup checked luggage at GMP even though my connecting flights depart at ICN. Checked luggage was sent to HKG automatically so I was so comfortable to move from GMP to ICN without any carries!
  Flew Aerolineas from Aeroparque to Puerto Iguazu. A rather good experience. Aeroparque airport is becoming to small for the amount of traffic and hence was rather crammed. The plane looked brandnew and was very clean. Liked the pilots announcements. Inflight the entire plane sang a cumpleaos feliz. Flight attendants were friendly with one exception. Flight was uneventful. They serve only drinks for free which was no problem given the low fare. I would recommend them.
  They cancelled the 8th june atr70 flight on the afternoon to Valencia, putting everyone on the next day 12 pm next Embraer 190 flight to LIS. Said they didnt had protocol with any Valencia hotels so I was made to pay for the hotel that extra night. Until now TAP failed the pay my money back and due compensation. Their approach is of a thug.
 Flight attendants in the back were very obnoxious, talking very loud and laughing the whole entire flight. Even heard them using inappropriate language, very immature and unprofessional. Not a relaxing flight when youre tired
  Vientiane to Phnom Pemh. The check In was well organized and the staff friendly. The departure  arrival was on time and the aircraft made an average maintained impression. During the flight there were small bites and drinks. Overall, a good experience
  Orlando to Gatwick. We received a text messageemail an hour or so before leaving for the airport saying our flight had been delayed by 4.5 hours however the checkin desk will still close at the normal time, meaning we need to check in almost 6 hours prior to flying at the latest. Upon arriving I asked the checkin agent if they are about to close and she said no, not until an hour before the flight. When I complained about the delay and the fact that we now have hours and hours to wait all evening in the airport ! when I had a suite still available to hang out in, I was flat out ignored, the member of staff refused to answer questions and proceeded to hurriedly check in our luggage. Eventually she pointed at a 4hour pre checkin sign and said well you need to check in 4 hours early anyway. I explained that I had never heard of that in my life how would a sign help if youre not at the airport yet but was ignored I later complained to someone else who explained this was when they opened and was only an advised time  I showed him the TC website which states the standard 3 hours and told him how rude his colleague had been. The agent did not apologise or show any empathy or understanding. A colleague came over to explain further and provide a $10 meal voucher but also did not apologise or seem to care very much. She pointed out they are just third party staff and to contact TC. A little later I went back to complain to a manager and the agent just said there wasnt one. Then nothing, we just stood there. Eventually a more experienced colleague overheard and took over apologising for the confusion on behalf of TC. Well eventually we got on to our flight and the pilot apologised and explained the reason for the delay repairing faulty smoke detectors. Service was okay, not great. Entertainment, food etc Im not really sure about as I was semiconscious the entire way but I get the impression its a more budget style airline doing longhaul flights. I bought exit seats which were small and had a ridiculously hidden recline switch which staff struggled to find dont think anyone actually used it from looking around also a stiff tv bracket, but at least we could stretch out. When we landed there was an approx 2030 min delay in getting our baggage which was not appreciated.
  Absolutely horrible. Flight delayed day before. No food or beverage to buy. On way back the system crashes with me in the middle of upgrading our seats. Had to pay for extra seat. Having a terrible time getting refund and refund amounts are different. Charged one price online and another at the counter. Everyone had to use counter as systems were still down and people were unable to check in. Will never fly Flair again.
  Ho chi Minh to Chennai via Singapore. TigerAir lost my luggage, and then said they would send it on next flight, but didnt. Then said theyd fly it to another airport, but didnt. I was surprised I got it back at all, 1 month later. Total cost in renewed visas, flight changes, including a missed flight, and hotels in the wrong place waiting near the airport  $1200. Next time I fly on a more secure, more honest airline and save money that way. TigerAir are of course not interested in covering my losses.
GCISOU. Very good value. Everything included in the headline price no extras. Nice little lounge at Guernsey for free drinks and biscuits. Dornier 328 very comfortable aircraft.
  Okinawa to Taipei. I checked in at the counter and they charged me for extra luggage. I paid, then the check in staff tells me that I will not be able to board the flight due to a technicality. I asked for a refund on my luggage. I was told to contact the airline. I did. They argued with me. Gave me a lot of attitude. Finally the informed me that they would issue a refund for the luggage charge in the next 4 months. They told me that they are unable to confirm my refund by email.
Joberg to George return. On both flights the two stewardesses were friendly and helpful. The seat was comfortable the light snack in a box far better than a lot of others Ive had on larger airlines. Very fresh well filled roll chocolate bar and little biscuit plus soft drinks or coffeetea. Im pretty sure there were other drinks but I wasnt really paying attention! Outbound flight was a few minutes early arriving the inbound 20 minutes early! As we were all on board the pilot took off then and there  great! We were able to check in our luggage from George to LHR with no problem great bonus not having to drag it from one terminal to another at Joberg. Very friendly check in lady at George. Very happy with all aspects of our flights.
  Smooth checkin, punctual takeoff and landing, smiling crew. Booked the first row, adequate leg space. Middle seat is a bit cramped though, better choose window or aisle seats. No problem at all for a short haul flight. Pretty good overall. Highly satisfactory for a budget airline.
  My wife was flying in from the states to meet us there at the counter. My two children and I were at the counter, I spoke with two agents, told both agents that me and the children are flying even if my wife doesnt make it in time. They told me to wait over to the side and I came back to the counter twice to check in. Both times they told me to wait. I waited so long, we missed our flight. We had to book four last minute flights with Peach Airlines. We went to the counter for our return flight and those were canceled. No one emailed, texted, or called to let us know our flights were canceled. It was Jejus fault we missed our flight and then they canceled our return flight without telling us. We had to purchase 4 more last minute flights with Peach Airlines. Jeju is refusing to give us a refund.
  Johannesburg to St Denis. Service like it was 30 years ago, professional, attentive, amenity kit handed out on a 3 hour flight, and the quality and quantity of the catering Ive not seen for years. Thoroughly recommended.
  I hate to pile it on but this is the worst airline I have ever flown on. It appears cheap doing a search but youll end up paying more with all the fees and its not worth it. Avoid this airline at all costs!
FCOASM in Economy. Cabin comfortable spacious ample legroom grey leather seats on new A320 FAs kind and polite. Return flight AMSFCO via CAI same aircraft on time departure yet our arrival was delayed by 50 mins due to unscheduled fuel stop in CAI. Airport services in ASM have gradually improved onboard meals were edible on both legs and were the same for Y and J class. Both flights were nearly empty only 20 load no IFE.
  Worst airline ever! For three days now after landing, I have been given the run around for my delayed bag. I received only one bag. Customer service is poor. Had me on hold for over an hour. Have stories that my bag wasnt transferred from other airline. Now I am in a country with no clothes to wear. I will not be flying with them again.
YEGSEA economy. Checkin efficient mentioned I was connecting internationally and got the $15 bag fee waived. Flight a little late but well informed and crew apologised. Good communication from the cockpit  nice CRJ aircraft in good condition with ample legroom leather seats. Inflight service was surprising  2pm flight with free beer wine and pretzels with topups throughout the flight. No IFE but for 1.5 hours who cares. Friendly and obliging crew.
I did not think twice when I saw that my BA flight from GatwickFlorence was being operated by Meridiana however I will not fly with them again. We were unable to check in online cabin baggage has a weight limit that was not mentioned on the BA website meaning that our bags had to be checked as they were slightly over the limit. The on board conditions were a lot more cramped and very uncomfortable compared to BA and the overall service from start to finish was lacking. The return flight from FlorenceGatwick was carnage at check in with it taking well over 1hr of queuing up to finally complete the process. The flight ending up being delayed but without any explanation or communication. If I go back to Florence then I will find another route or airline.
  Both legs with aircraft still in Alitalia livery. Good safety procedures and good crew. Very cramped seat pitch, unacceptable also for one hour flight. Free light and hot drinks. They need a makeover, but all in all not so bad.
Flew yesterday from SXM to St Kitts. Was charged $120 for extra luggage because carry on was too heavy and then saw others on the plane with carry ons that did not even fit in overhead and they were allowed to leave it in the leg room area! We were told as we were boarding that seat assignments didnt apply and that we were to sit in the first available seat and then the flight attendants started moving people around based on where they were flying to while we sat in a hot plane! They moved one couple two times. The attendants were very rude. They didnt bother giving us immigration forms so we had to fill them out in line. Would rather charter a flight.
  I booked a flight in the summer of 2022. They modified my 3day flight 3 times to the point in which I was not even going to stay there for a full 24 hours. I wanted a refund, and they asked for my American banks swift code to process such refund. I hung up to call my bank and retrieve it. I then called the airline back, and they said they could no longer refund me and they had sent a voucher for both me and my daughter. I was upset, but called again in September to book the flight and use the voucher for new year. The man I spoke to, booked my 5day flight for us both, round trip and said I even had a $200 balance, since January is cheaper than the summer. I just checked and there is no scheduled flight and no credit or voucher. I spoke to another agent who said on his end, he can see the credit I have but it only covers the flight to Cancun, not the flight back, and I had a $100 balance, and that in order to fly back, I would have to pay an additional $300! I had already paid $600 back in the summer just for the flight. I have the original email with my round flight status and $200 extra balance, yet they cant find it, so unless I fork in more money, I cant fly back.
  Booked a holiday to Kos on a Boeing 787 with TUI. ended up saying it was switched to Norwegian which is fine but then a month before booking was told we would be on one of three other airlines which eventually was Smartlynx. The Smartlynx plane we were flown on was plain white, 25 years old and cramped more than ive ever experienced. The table when down literally gave you no space at all, I cant image what its like for taller larger people. I appreciate there can be some changes to the plane as per TCs!! but to move us from a new bigger aeroplane when we also had extra legroom to help with two young children to a small old cramped plane is unacceptable. They just dont compare. I wont book with them again as you cant rely on them to just change what you booked and not even a fair like for like change!
  This airline doesnt even deserve a single star! It is a very disappointing and unprofessional airline! We booked our tickets,3 of us from Puerto Princessa to Coron on Jan 2 2018 and had everything paid from accommodations to our activities in both cities. But airjuan totally wrecked our vacation! They cancelled our flight due to the technical issue as they said in a peak season.  Our nightmare in this company didnt end there. They have given us the option to refund our money and give us a flight credit. They told us that the processing will take 2025 days but it is already on the 32nd day today yet we havent receive any words from them. We sent emails for an update but no one from their team replies.
 Frankfurt Hahn to Vilnius return. Incredible experience. What I was mostly impressed with is ultimate efficiency of Ryanair, every process is executed very fast. No enormous queues anywhere  checkin, boardingdisembarkation and baggage claim were executed super quickly, none of these took more than 10 mins  which is very often a disaster when choosing legacy airlines. In addition to that, there were no queues at security control as well at both HHN and VNO  but its out of airlines responsibility. The cabin crew were polite and helpful, but not annoying  also an excellent job done. And  last but not least  of course, very reasonable fares. The only trouble was that the flight was slightly late 20 mins in both directions so I had doubts if I will be able to catch the bus for the following parts of my trip, but luckily everything went smoothly. Will definitely choose Ryanair for my future trips.
  Paris to Pointe a Pitre. Cabin very densified. I chose duo seat for more space. Standard seating comfort but rather quickly uncomfortable. The cabin, dating from 2012, is aging rather well. IFE old generation and not at all reactive. The touch works with the nail but you have to be patient as the reactivity is bad. The catering is just ok. The quantities are minimalist, even for the eco, the taste is correct when the search for originality is totally absent. The snack 2 brownies before arrival is a petty joke. FR Cabine trs densifie. Jai choisi sige en duo pour plus despace. Confort dassise standard mais assez rapidement inconfortable. La cabine, datant de 2012, vieillit plutot bien. IFE dancienne gnration et pas du tout ractif. Le tactile fonctionne avec longle .. mais il faut tre patient tant la ractivit est mauvaise. Le catering est tout juste correct. Les quantits sont minimalistes, meme pour de lco, le got est correct quand la recherche doriginalit est totalement absente. La collation 2 brownies avant arrive est une blague bien mesquine.
3 flights with TAM Airlines from Rio de Janero to Asuncion Paraguay via Buenos Aires, which over the eight years Ive flown with them has become a pretty bland and mundane experience. Inflight programe repetative pranks show Only Kidding which becomes tedious and boring. The dated cream and red cabins look grubby and the downgraded meal service and reductions of bar service leave it an airline of neccessity not preference. Best I can say is flights on time and cabin crew of the Paraguayan sector PZ far more agreeable. PZ planes definately dated and tired and despite a new and glossy terminal at GRU you are still being bused to and from PZ flights. Long haul LHR  ASU booked for May so lets see how good the Magic Red Carpet experience will be then.
  Aside from the rude customer service, ay Manila airport we were unable to leave the terminal during our 14hr layover. There was no WiFi and only 1 food option. You also had to wait at the gate, which required you to throw out your water and no bathroom access. Even if the water was purchased inside the airport. Unless you were a kid, you would not get your food choice because they would always run out of the better choice. Kids got served first but the parents got to enjoy while their kids ate fruit pouches packed from home.
Was horrified to find I had to pay to get water with Thomas Cook Airlines Scandinavia flying from Stockholm to Cancun. I mean I understand you can pay for beverages such as alcohol and soft drinks but come on on a 12 hour flight to only supply coffee and tea on two occasions, its just inhuman and greedy to make people pay for water. As for paying for inflight entertainment once again just money hungry. Food was ok what little I had, Im not an over weight person and eat normally but portion control is in full effect. Staff were ok but I got knocked twice with the drinks cart as the were coming through the aisle. Staff are more like sales people, only interested in sell sell sell.
 Sydney to Fuzhou. The service in flight was good. The food was fantastic compare to Air China. Too many peoples onboard during the flight. We had to wait when we arrived Xiamen.
The seats were hard, the seats are too small and too close together. Charging for carry on luggage that fits in the overhead, is ridiculous and insane. My ticket was only $165.00 and had to pay that much for my luggage. I will fly Spirit competitors in the future. I will never use this airline again.
 Before you step into the cabin, they offer 3 choices of the newspaper, two in Chinese and one in English. When you step into the cabin, the first impression of this flight is the uniform of the flight attendant. The old one looks more stylish and professional. The latest one looks childish. On the upside, you can expect a warm smile and a clear instruction where your seat from KA crew. The leg room of my seat is ok, consider I am just 170cm tall. For entertainment, I must say there is a lot of choices. Most of the movies are just being shown lately and other than the movie you can find some latest TV series as well as the documentary show. Of course, there are games to play. Speaking of the catering, I am not much into the food but compared to other Hong Kong base carrier KA offer more choice and better quality. I mean who doesnt like Haagen Daz ice cream?
  Both our outgoing flight and returning flights departed late. The outgoing flight was an hour late although we were all on the plane on time. The return flight departed 45 minutes late as only one staff member was working the gate. This was very frustrating as we have flown with TUI on a number of occasions which we have experienced delays. TUI planes are quite basic and uncomfortable for a 4 hour flight and the food and drinks onboard are expensive. Staff onboard the plane are friendly.
Delhi airport Qantas ground staff unprofessional and rude. Flight delay 1 hour from Delhi and then 7 hours delay from Melbourne, really struggling with kids and they just gave only 15$ voucher to spend 7 hours on Melbourne Airport. I will not travel next time with Qantas. They need to improve there customer service.
  Typical unimpressive interEuropean business class seating starts it off. Attendants chatting amongst themselves the whole time. Biggest issue was no safety demos or pre landing announcements were made, no seat belt checks. Food was good, definitely an upgrade from previous times.
 I welcome this new route operated by CSA Czech Airlines as it now possible to fly directly from Malmo to Prague, thus avoiding the congested Copenhagen airport. This was the inaugural flight operated by the propeller aircraft ATR 42. Check in opened 2 hours prior to departure, friendly and professional staff. To comemorate the inaugural flight, free cakes with juice was served in the waiting area before the flight. The ribbon was cut off and everyone applauded. On the flight lighter food and beverages were on sale, two professional air hostesses worked on the flight. The flight time is with 1 hrs 40 minutes considerably longer than from Copenhagen with just over an hour. I will certainly use this route again.
  No reasons given for the delay. Theyll just announce that there is delayed and thats it. 2 hours delayed without nothing. And no timing as well if which time will it depart. Its difficult for us traveller of if we dont know anything regarding the flight. There are some reason that are valid or not but still have the right to know.
  I would like to thank Korean Air for providing me safe flight to meet my husband in LA. However, Im very disappointed with cabin crew from Incheon airport to LA. I am a mother traveling with two girls. A 5 years old girl with slide behavior problems and a 2 and half years old girl. In the beginning of the flight itself one cabin crew with short hair came to instructed me to wear face mask for my babies. I did all the ways and try my best to put face mask on them as I also scare of the spreading to my little angels. I am vaccinated and wear face mask in my entire flight. 11 hours flight 3 cabin crew came to wake me up to put face mask on my sleeping girls. I couldnt count but 11 hours I couldnt take even an hour rest. Before this flight I just take 5 hours flight from PP and layover almost 13 hours. I was extremely exhausted and couldnt rest at all. The short hair cabin crew rudely tell me, it is my responsibility as a mother to make them wear face mask all the way, otherwise she would report to the police officer in the US that I break the law since US require child 2 years plus to put on face mask. I told her, I have tried but children feel uncomfortable and removed and screaming and crying.  She told this is her duty to make my children wear face mask, I told her I completely understand her but what can I do if they scream and pulling it out each time I put it on. I told her I need rest please. I begged her to try to understand my situation but 3 of them didnt let me rest at all. They try to read US law to my babies and took video of that, that the worst part I couldnt bare. Finally we arrived the US pot, yes two police officers were waiting for us, I couldnt go to the immigration check. Another Korean lady read what the cabin crew have note to the US officer, she even reported that my girl kick the front seat and trying to push and punched her.  2 police officer only asking, if the mother wear face mask, they say yes. Yes I did. Than they said what the problem. I can see their facial expression after hearing what such heartless carbine crew report. They have no problem at all because they understood that they are small kids. She was not satisfied, in between she came and complaining that my girl show violence on her. I told her I am sorry for her misbehavior but she was not even touch her.  Then she look a bit ashamed and no words to say. I dont blame the company but I blame to cabin crew who is heartless and stupidly trying to impress her boss how good she is. Finally, the Korea lady in the US airport understand my hard time so she help me to push my smaller baby through the immigration till the baggage claim. I thanks her for that but I swear I never by Korea Air again if I have options.
  I would never fly Frontier again. My flight was delayed. My connecting flight was canceled. They lost my bag its not worth even if it was free. I had to pay $500 to American Airlines get me home. I drove back in Hartford looking for my bags no one has a clue stay away from frontier.
 Concerned about the COVID safety of this flight. Passengers were requested in English, to board by seat row numbers e.g 14, 18, 112 etc, which is sensible. Unfortunately the majority of the passengers were young Khmer men who do not understand English. The consequence was serious overcrowding in the tunnel. I was trapped there shoulder to shoulder with other passengers for at least 10 minutes. To compound my concerns, I understand that Khmer people returning to Cambodia are not required to obtain a COVID negative test prior to flying, unlike foreigners such as myself. In addition to the poor boarding process, the plane was almost full and being a short haul flight the seats were small and close together. Despite SilkAir being owned by Singapore airlines, they gave not adopted the high standards operated by Singapore Airlines. One must also question the wisdom of serving a meal where masks are of course removed, on a flight with only a 100 minute duration.
  I had a fantastic week of holidays in Hurghada and to review a hotel is a must but I also think it is very important to acknowledge the airline which makes it all happen by bringing you over and back in safety. I flew with Air Cairo for the first time there and back after a week and both flights were comfortable and I felt very welcomed. The staff both on the flight on 24 June Prague to Hurghada as well as on 1 July Hurghada to Prague were friendly, smiley and professional. At one point there was strong turbulence and the staff were supportive. Next time I fly to Egypt I will go for Air Cairo. 
 I flew from KL to Tashkent economy class, 7.5 hours each way, departing late November 2019 and returning mid December 2019. I had some apprehension about the flight but it proved to be a fine experience. The well experienced 767s were smooth and comfortable and on the first flight had a rudimentary IFE system which had its quirks that nearly resulted in a finger tip blister! On the return flight on another 767 there was no seat back screen but instead had roof mounted screens that were quite useless. The cabin crew were friendly and the meal service was very adequate and I certainly wasnt hungry afterwards. Perhaps because of the age of the aircraft I felt that there was more room as they had a 232 seating configuration and on both flights there were many unused seats and even complete center rows of 3 seats left vacant for sleepers had I wanted to. All in all a good experience with Uzbekistan Airways.
  My flight is supposed to be a round trip. When Vietnam Airlines cancelled my flight back, they only want to refund me MYR42. That is not even a ticket price. So, I wanted a ticket change, they charged me 20€ only to cancel the flight again. I asked for a refund, and they want to refund me only MYR127. I refuse to accept that Covid19 is the reason because they only canceled part of my flight. If they can fly from KULSGN, and cancelled SGNFRA without wanting to refund me, then it isnt even Covid19. So I do not know why they wont refund me what I have rights to. How could they just refund me such meagre amount? It is unacceptable. Also, they havent replied me after I tried to contact them many times. I have spent so much Skype credits to contact them but all was in vain.  They have nice inflight comfort and all. However, when faced with issues like this, its hard to get your money back or even to get an answer from them.
Dsseldorf to Vienna, and the flight was on time, seats were comfortable and sandwiches were served for this short 50 minute flight. I was very impressed with everything, since I had never heard of the company before taking this flight! The flight attendants wore jeans, which surprised me at first, but was not much of a bother for the cheap price I payed my ticket.
  Worst experience with an airline. On the departure in Zurich already 90 minutes delay because of deicing. We had a connecting flight from Muscat and were worried to miss this. This was smiled at by the staff. On site then we only managed to catch our flight by running. When checking in online for the return flights, we were offered premium seats for the two flights we spent 100€ because extra leg room and space was suggested. We did this because the outbound flight was quite modest in terms of comfort. Big surprise when boarding the premium seats are normal economy seats and there were no benefits for the money paid. I have demanded my money back. After 2 weeks l received an email but they hid behind the policies that these tickets were not refundable. Once and never again Oman Air. 
MEL BWT return relatively easy checkin  boarding. On short 1 hour flight teacoffee  nibbles served by friendly FA. A minor problem was in the different configuration of the aircraft all are Saab 340. On outward flight there were overhead lockers above the 2 seat side of the aircraft but on the return when we had extra carryon there was none. Fortunately the flight was only half full so we could store it under the next seat. They do a good job for a regional airline.
Flew Tokyo Narita  Sapporo  Tokyo Narita. Flight from Narita was on time while from Sapporo to Narita was delayed for 1 hour. Overall flight was ok. Ground staff very professional.
  They deserve the title of best LLC in SE Asia. They have been doing this a long time, and still they are the best value for money with the best routes.
  Sydney to Los Angeles via Shanghai. My mother in law. was booked for special services as she had limited mobility and she couldnt communicate in English. I was advised that she would be helped on Shanghai but she received no help at all. She was walking around airport anxious and scared showing the letter I wrote pledging for help just in case. Luckily I wrote the letter to help her and one kind women helped her after hour of walking around. She medically have knee problems. It is extremely traumatic incident for her and family. I am very annoyed with the service and would recommend no one to use the service.
Boeing 777 configuration was 343 in economy class. The flight was almost completely full in Economy class not sure about Business or First class. Seat was comfortable legroom was okay and had a foot rest and a normal size PTV. Oddly enough the jack for the head set was straight in front instead of in the armrest. They had big pillows and blanket at every seat. I was seated towards the back in row 32 last row was 38 on TAAGs 777. The seat also had the winged headrest to make for easier sleeping. Candy honey was given out  a nice gesture. Fairly soon after take off dinner was served. During dinner the crew came around again with a second round of drinks including wine. The crew in general was a bit reserved but friendly. There was the new mood lighting but only in F and C class. I tried their inflight entertainment system which is AVOD and it was okay. Water was offered once during the flight by the flight attendants. Breakfast was served about 1.5 hours before arrival and was very small smallest I have ever seen but very good. To sum it up TAAG was a very pleasant surprise having heard of horror stories and also since they dont have a functioning website. TAAG was just as modern comfortable as European carriers and it was a great experience.
What a great airline. For a North African airline I was very pleased. Staff were very friendly the seats were very comfy and very roomy which was a surprise. Food was satisfactory however a little downside for otherwise a very pleasant flight. Flight was from Tunis to LHR. I would 100 use them again if I have another family holiday to Tunisia.
Flew from Brisbane to Honiara and then on to Munda return. A320 flight to and from Honiara was on time reasonable wine flowed freely good food but no IFE I had an iPad. Possibly the most underutilised A320 in the world 10 sectors a week or so. A 10 min walk literally on the road to the domestic terminal with a dodgy luggage trolley and a very hot and humid wait. They are very proud of their new Dash8 however this ride to Munda was extremely hot. Despite them running one prop for 20 mins before we got on the plane never cooled down for the 50 min flight. The safety cards proved useful as fans! This multistop island hopper flight tends to change its timetable at will  there was a large group going to Munda so we got dropped off first. Leaving the plane arrived an hour early because the PM came to visit the area so we got to stop at 2 other airstrips on the way. Overall a good experience generous baggage allowance for diving gear.
 Shanghai to Guilin. The company cancelled their 1st October flight without reason on September 30th evening few hours before departure. Only option proposed was to take a flight on October 3rd instead 2 days of holidays ruined. We finally decided to cancel the whole trip as it did not make much sense and we were asked to pay for the cancellation fee of the return ticket. Just unbelievable.
 The flight was great! The staff were extremely kind and helpful, the entertainment system were very easytouse and the food was really good as well. The inside of the flight was very nice All Air India flights are being renovated to match or be even better than the likes of Emirates and Qatar Airways. This was one of the best flights I have been on, better than British Airways, Etihad and tied to Lufthansa.
  Paris to San Francisco. I purchased a ticket using someone elses card, which the site allowed me to do 23 weeks before my flight. I was never notified that I needed to update my payment information and upon arriving at the airport I was told my ticket was suspended. I was not notified of this and as a result I missed my flight, the next flight was in 3 days so I had to book a flight for over $900 to make it home, an Uber ride to the other airport in Paris and a hotel in Ireland for an overnight layover. The customer service department is horrible and the service at their information booth at ORLY was horrible too. They had no sense of urgency when I told them about my problem and did nothing to assist me. One of the ladies would not help be because she said I spoke English too fast and that she did not speak English. She asked me in return if a very sarcastic and demeaning way  do you speak French? Does it sound like I speak French. Please never fly this airline.
  Terrible airline. Please dont waste your money by choosing to fly with them. They will charge you for every ounce of luggage including laptops. Do not recommend them ever
  Flew on Garuda Indonesia on GA088 from Jakarta to Amsterdam. Garuda has their ground support team arrange a car to pick up from my home. The Check in process was fast and efficient and I was escorted through security and immigration and into the Garuda first class lounge.. Boarding was on schedule and was efficient. After takeoff I was tried and went straight to sleep in the privacy of the Garuda First Class suites. Prior to arriving in Amsterdam I was provided with a good selection of food for breakfast. I chose an omelet and the Chef onboard prepared an excellent meal. The cabin crew were every attentive and nothing was any bother for them. The Garuda Cabin crew are really outstanding together with the warming smile that makes you feel special. I would rate the overall service as excellent and would like to thank the cabin crew for their help and assistance to me and my family, they certainly made us feel at home. Upon arrival in Amsterdam I meet at the gate and taken to the Schiphol VIP and the service at the VIP lounge was excellent.
  Was supposed to fly out 51223. Flight was delayed for 2 hours with no explanation. Then, 3 hours after we were originally supposed to fly out, they cancelled the flight. The reason for the cancellation was there was not a flight crew scheduled to fly the plane. Not sure how its possible to book tickets for a flight when they cant even provide the crew. Horrible experience and horrible communication from all Allegiant members.
Value for money  when I priced my ticket it was the same as Jetblue and American Airlines but more expensive than other airlines. And it doesnt not cover baggage. Ground service  easy to print boarding pass since the kiosks were so easy and available. Seat comfort, the seats were not comfortable. Not enough leg room and cushions were worn. All the rest were rated one star because they lacked it, they really did. Im on a six hour flight going from LA to NY, Im ok if they do not serve food since it wont be good anyway, but they served beverages only once and no snack. Since flight attendants does not have much to do and only need to serve beverages once, you would think they would treat with better. They seemed reluctant when asked if they can take my empty cup. They do not smile or look friendly, felt judged and unwelcomed. In flight wifi requires payment so there goes half of my entertainment. The rest is tv but very limited,  I was not very happy with my return flight. Now I understand why the flight was only half filled. 
My AirAsia Zest flight was a short flight from Manila to Cebu, but a good trip. I arrived 20 minutes earlier than scheduled, my seats were upgraded for free and my check in luggage arrived on time in the baggage claim. Everything was good but unfortunately during my flight they took off the headrest covers on the seats, and the head rest looks unclean. For money I paid for and the service I got I was satisfied.
Alicante to Madrid. Short flight to connect to a long haul flight. Ground staff were efficient at Iberia desk. As usual you have to leave larger carry on bags on the ground next to the plane and then pick them up on arrival next to the plane. Seats are leather and on a 2 by 2 basis in both business and economy. Service was adequate, leg room was adequate even for two over six footers.
  Terceira to Boston, Weve been delayed for over 4 hours with no update. The plane is here in Terceira sitting in the runway. No update. No food. No drink. The only cafe will only take cash, no card. Theres not an ATM in this airport, so unless you have cash youre out of luck. Ill never fly this airline again.
St Martin to Antigua. This airline should be closed down until it can offer something resembling the service it promises. Our flight from St Martin due to leave at 1350 and shown as on time. 1350 came and went and the flight disappeared from the boards, it suddenly appeared an hour later and left at 1520. This experience is good compared to many, but it shows me that this airline cant be trusted. 
  Such a pathetic service. No value for customers time and money. This the third time I am having this bad experience from the airlines. The flight always gets delayed by at least one to one n half hours. Because of the delayed flight I missed my train. So much inconvenience from the go first. Highly dissatisfied. Would never recommend
 Can an airline be this inefficient! From beginning to end! AI has given nothing but lousy service and that is being generous. I landed in Delhi at 11pm and my plane to Toronto was supposed to leave at 3.35am. They said that it was delayed and will start at 5am. The staff made a big show of checking documents which started at 3.30am. Our documents were checked three times at least. Just to kill time and to make a show that something was being done! There was no order to the boarding! We boarded around 4 am and now its 7am and we are still sitting on the plane a closed space, with people coughing. In 3 hours no water was even served and besides the initial announcement no updates to the passengers. We are being treated as cattle and not human beings. Theres no courtesy of keeping us in the loop. This is a broken down plane. Nothing works. For a 14 12 hour nonstop flight, theres no entertainment. Honestly, at this point I wonder if I will get where I need to get, alive and in one piece. AI is playing with our lives and is being extremely disrespectful of our time. We have lives and jobs to get to and theres a reason we plan a trip. This is the second time I have flown AI in 6 months, for lack of finding any other airline and this is the second time Ive sat in the plane for 4 hours while technical issues are being dealt with! I would give this negative stars if the option were available!
 Of my 20 years of traveling various international and domestic airline companies I have never experienced or came close to experiencing the nightmare I have with Copa. Our flight was stopped mid takeoff due to 2 bird strikes and what we thought would only be an hour delay ended up being 7 hours because they also had to switch the cabin crew. Which in turn made us miss our connecting flight in which Copa did not want to compensate for new flights to my final destination or for an over night stay. We then had to book a new flight back home an extra $1300  it pained me to give them more money but they were my only option being the main airline in Panama. The 2nd strike was when the travel agent did not fully book our flight home but only booked our flight to a connecting city. I then had to fork out additional money for tickets with another airline to finally get home. They have the worst customer service. I stood at 3 different service desks for more than 2 hours each trying to get some resolution. The supervisor in Panama was the worst type of person with no type of compassion. I will never fly with this company ever again.
  Flight was cancelled in January 2021 due to COVID19 restriction. There are 8 months waiting for the refund. Despite numerous complains Blueair does not want to pay back the money. I will definitely never ever book again, and I would not recommend anybody to book this airline.
  Islamabad to Karachi. I was travelling with this airline with the gap of about 2 years. Aircraft was clean, staff was helpful and the flight was punctual. Snacks were served and they were fine. Overall, pleasant experience.
  Boa Vista to Manchester. I cannot praise TUI flight staff high enough either going out to Boa Vista on 31st Jan 2018 or coming back on 7th Jan. They were all so polite and friendly and nothing was too much trouble and certainly helped the long flight pass. On the way out a passenger took ill and this was dealt with efficiently and very calmly and the only reason we new about it was because a doctor was sitting in front of us and was asked for his help. I have difficulty walking so had ordered a wheelchair from the cabin to the baggage collection which didnt turn up and the whole crew waited with me and my family until it came, despite me telling them to go home they all refused, even the captain. Tui should be proud of having such exceptional staff managing their planes and dedication to looking after the passengers. I have booked holidays with Tui many times and they are always our preferred choice and will remain so.
  On the morning of December 8th I was taking flight CZ8101 to Tokyo. Due to a problem with the procedures, checkin is only possible at 800. At that time, the boarding channel was closed, and the staff opened the emergency channel and helped me through the customs quickly. I just caught up with the flight at the last moment. Thanks to all the staff that day.
 Great disappointment that ruined my holiday. On the way to Honolulu 8th May there was a 5 hour lay over in Nadi airport. Decided to use the lounge so paid FJD $99 per person totalling FJD $198. They charged us twice. We decided to wait as foreign transaction does take few days to process hoping one of them will be auto cancelled. The two charges have been debited from my bank. Got in touch with Fiji Airways, took a couple of days to get an email saying the refund will be processed. the refund still hasnt come through as of 17th May. Was supposed to be on the flight back to NZ 18th 1am night of 17th. So booked accommodation checking out 17th so that we could leave luggage in the hotel then go to the airport that night. Got an email, out of blue, on the night of the 16th that our flight was rebooked, leaving 18th 9.30am due to overweight, apparently their company policy is that overweight re schedule is not entitied to accommodation. Now we are spending the day finding accommodation and missing out on our planned tour. Have to pay an additional night accommodation that was not planned thanks to Fiji Airways.
  This entire experience has been absolutely appalling, I am utterly stunned at how an airline can be so incompetent, disrespectful to its customers, and downright threatening. Off the bat, within 24 hours both our international Phuket leg and our Sydney to Melbourne legs were cancelled. We were offered no apology, and thankfully, were given a new flight a day later to Phuket in which we lost our reserved seats that we had had booked for months. Not only did the service desk person in Melbourne airport absolutely berate my by the point crying mother, after the airline had already lost our bags, she proceeded to blackmail me into apologising to her for saying that Jetstar is run by Qantas so youre wrong or else I would not be able fly. On top of this, the manager was completely and utterly disinterested in assisting us. And yes, thats right, the airline also lost our luggage from the Sydney to Melbourne leg and offered us absolutely zero compensation Ive never been treated so utterly horrendously not only by an airline but by any company I can possibly think of. I would absolutely, never, ever fly Jetstar ever again. This has been the worst travel experience of my life and has brought me to tears. Jetstar should be ashamed of themselves. You are an embarrassment to the country.
 Food wise, it was bleah to meh but palatable. The FA were quite fast to attend to general request. The IFE screen was small and the selection of movies was meagre but with the small screen with poor resolution, my handphone Samsung Note 3 provided better entertainment if I wanted to use it. I preordered an item for Duty Free purchase for my wife on the prior flight and supposed to collect it on this flight. However, they said there was a mistake made by the FA on the prior flight who helped make our preorder. The response that I got was please call us when you reach your destination and we will sort it out. What? Call? I told them they should try to rectify it on their end and when we disembark. Why arent the FA trained properly? It could have been better managed!
 Avoid at all costs. Terrible customer service. There is e reason why they are cheaper then other airlines. They ruined our dream vacation. Avoid at all costs
  Manokwari to Surabaya via Makassar. Checking in was chaotic with staff happily serving all those that jumped the queue and went straight to the front till I loudly protested them doing so twice. Flight left 20 minutes late due to check in not completed on time. Once on board things improved with decent entertainment and courteous crew. However headsets had to be purchased for money and the girl serving my row gave us a random meal while passengers in other rows could choose from two. Meal on the first leg if the flight was good though. On the 2nd leg it was just 2 cakes. Despite departing Makassar on time we somehow reached Surabaya half an hour late. Overall Batik is certainly a big step up from Lion but the crew needs more training.
Kuala Lumpur to Fuzhou with Xiamen Airlines, and paid premium price for no class airline. Delays on outward and return flight. Food was quite poor and served in paper boxes. Same menu there and back and same lack of taste! Inflight entertainment was nonexistant and the cabin crew were rushed and at times sounded like giving orders. Seats were not comfortable and not much different from many low cost carriers. Departure at Fuzhou was a mess and almost every bag needed to be manually checked. You would imagine that the counter staff could speed things up by giving advice on Chinas special baggage rules. Note  do not pack your powerbank and certain electrical items in your luggage!
Checkin is smooth the seats very comfortable and I find Newark in the US and Orly in Paris both more reasonable options than JFK and Charles De Gaulle for city access. I am not a big consumer of inflight entertainment but they gave out iPads that seemed to have a large range of movies and TV and even some games. The food is pretty horrible but does anyone really expect great cuisine on a plane? We flew BizBed over and it was a treat to actually recline all the way and arrive semirested as opposed to uncomfortable United and Delta Business seats on previous flights. I would definitely fly them again and hope that they can stay in business.
  First time I am flying Air India after take over by Tata. There was a noticeable change in counter service at both Chennai and Bengaluru. Cabin crew in the flight were warm and food was top class. Area where attention is required is toilet upkeep during the flight, and the seat comfort
  Mauritius to London Heathrow. Really good flight, Check in very quick and easy followed by swift Fast Track immigration. At 64 I always find the seats a bit difficult but was surprised that these Old Type seats were very comfortable in sitting mode and also sleep mode. Not Lie flat but fine as I managed 9 hours sleep. No dinner for me as the flights are evening 2200 departures and I do not wish to eat that late. Woke in time for breakfast which was OK. Looking forward to the A350 on this route soon. Entertainment very old and not worth bothering with, staff were very friendly but still do things the old Mauritian way.
  They showed up on the gate screen that the flight was delay due to bad weather. Then somehow we end up with a different airline, Pacific Airlines. Seem like the combine both airlines together. Pacific Airlines was not up to my expectation with Vietnam airlines. They have some sticky tape stuck to the chair. It look like they use it to attach onoff other equipment. The flight was not enjoyable. To sum up, Vietnam Airlines combine our fly with other airlines without announcements before hand. Furthermore, Pacific Airlines was not up to our expectations with Vietnam airlines. Do not be fooled like us.
LIMPIUTBPLIM Economy. Good service ground and on board. Small snack served and drinks offered on all flights. Entertainment also offered on all the short flights. Seats are comfortable. Good experience overall.
 Quite a mediocre airline with a semigood landside operation and quite a good airside one. The Good Counter service is good. Quick and efficient checkin with friendly enough agents. Tickets are easy to purchase online or at their offices. The aircraft are in good condition. Seats are clean, if basic. Pitch is more than other carriers. Free sealed airbuds. Attendants are accommodating, well trained and efficient. Each seat has a free to take Caribbean Beat magazine, IMHO the best Caribbean publication. The meals and drinks are still complimentary and of high quality for an airline. Safety is paramount. The airline has a good compliment of flight officers and properly maintained aircraft. The Bad The website is very dated. Changes cannot be made leading to Dont try to contact the airline. Responses to emails take well over 5 days, sometimes months. The call centre seems to be bogged down. Seat pitch could be better. Im 511 and its comfortable until the person in front decides to recline. There is very little entertainment. A complimentary movie on those tiny dropdown screens that even Lifetime wont show and some audio channels The Ugly Its the only airline apart from AA where one gets grumpy FAs. Again, communication is horrible. All in all not the worst but there is major room for improvement, particularly landside operations.
 Horrible airline. Does not care about their customers. Used to be decent but has now since really fell off. A flight time of 5 hours and 30 mins but no meal while the flight attendants were having their eggs and sausage in the back? Didnt even offer juices. I would stick with another airline.
  I asked for water  was refused initially and given after 1 hr when all passengers were served. On landing, after waiting at belt for 45 mins for luggage, we got to know that luggage was not transferred from St. Petersburg flight to Moscow flight and it will take 2 days for luggage to reach us. We were given mobile no for queries and that number was kept switched off entire day. 
  Boek nooit meer met deze maatschappij, bedroevend kleine zitplaats,eten weinig en slecht, broodje bevroren en keihard, weinig drinken, of je moet betalen, heb zowel in juli als recent 9 november dezelfde ervaring! Veel mensen klaagden en terecht! Advies niet boeken is het geld niet waard! Never book with this company again, pitifully small seat, food little and bad, sandwich frozen and rock hard, little drink, or you have to pay, have the same experience both in July and recently 9 November! Many people complained and rightly so! Advice dont book, it is not worth the money!
  They just lost my checked luggage and it is disappeared since 7 days. No one replied to any email, they dont pick up the phone and I am running out of my prescribed medicine. I hope they will come up for all the extra costs I am having now and I hope they start to feel any responsibility for my lost luggage. Sadly I cant give less than 1 star. Its a shame and I am really shocked this airline is like this.
  These are the worst flight attendants. This is my 6th flight in the last month and what happened to customer service. Im 41 and have never written a bad review on an airlines. And to top it off its the same flight attendants every time so you cant even get a nice new face  same faces all the time.
  I can book my in cabin pets online. It is a no frills low cost airline but they have orderly check in, update information about flights via text message and even in unforseen situations like bad weather or national strike, they kept us well informed. Ive been flying Volotea for years now and I never had a problem. Sure flights can be delayed Pantelleria is a very windy destinations and sometimes we cant land but Volotea tries hard to get us there on time whenever possible.
 My flights actual departure was 1 hour late, but the airline said nothing about the delay. Passengers were confused and tired waiting at the gate. On our ticket, the departure gate was D3. But without any announcement, the gate was changed to D7. I almost boarded the wrong flight the flight from D3 was JT22, but my flight was JT42. Both heading to Denpasar, but JT22 delayed for 3 hours.. After boarding, there were 2 passengers yelling and arguing because their seat was the same. Poor communications is not only a Lion Air problem. Poor ground management, poor baggage handling, and many more problems await you if you book your flight with Lion Air.
Seat 4F window from ZAG to SPU on A319. Boarding was 30 mins late however only 10 mins late arriving. Online checkin helped smooth the airport experience. Inflight experience was adequate the crew young and polite and the catering adequate for such a short flight. Seats are horribly wornout even though the plane itself doesnt look or feel old.
 I will not use Copa Airlines again even before I have flown it tomorrow. The are unreachable by phone until I used the contact number for Canada from the US and waited about 45 minutes. Their app is horrible. When I tried to enter my credit card, it required that I select a country. However, the United States of America or USA were not on the list. I checked it 6 times to make sure. The website is just as bad. I tried to upgrade seats and pay. Each time it rejected my credit card. Tried this an unbelievable 9 times before I accepted their stupidity. Quite honestly, after this experience, I am afraid of what actually checking in and flying is going to look like. My first experience with Copa and very well will be the last unless something miraculous happens tomorrow when I fly.
  On our return flight from London, we laid over in at Keflavik Airport. We learned when we arrived that we could not return to our departure airport, Newark. Instead we were diverted to New York and had to find our own way back to our car, before our 3 hour drive home. The Airline has agreed to reimburse our UBER fee since they created a disturbance in our travel plans. However, while on the flight to New York, seated in row 2 of first class, a couple in front of us had a small and very old dog. About an hour before landing, the woman was telling the man to hurry and get up because the dog had to pee. She then carried to dog to the service area and told the flight attendant the problem. The attendant gave the woman an extra blanket. The woman returned to the seat, put the blanket on the seatput the dog on the seat until it relieved itself! Then she returned to blanket to the flight attendant. The blanket was not waterproof or absorbent enough to keep the urine from running down the seat to the floor where, of course, my personal bag was stored. When I retrieved it , my purse was covered with dog urine and half the contents were also wet. I advised the attendant on my way out and she simply said, Oh, thats not good. Thats it. The smell was awful and I had to carry that bag without any offer to help clean it or bag itnothing. I will never fly Icelandair again given this wholly unacceptable animal policy. I have no problem with small animals traveling in the cabin as long as there are proper and sanitary provisions for their normal bodily functions. The flights were otherwise clean and comfortable and staff was attentive. WiFI stinks.
 During the flight, a huge majority of the passengers as well as most, if all not, of the cabin crew were Koreans. Except from the announcements turbulence, arriving message, etc played over the PA system, all other announcements asking if anyone wanted extra servings of beverages or had rubbish for throwing, etc relayed by the flight attendants facetoface were done in the Korean language only. No efforts were made by the cabin crew to engage nonKorean speaking passengers, as they seemed to have forgotten that there were passengers of other nationalities on board. In this aspect, Korean Air fared far better.
  Singapore to Bangkok with Jetstar Asia. Quick boarding at Changi Airport Singapore without delay. Outside snacksfood was allowed in contrary to other budget airlines which is good. Flight touched down 15 minutes before schedule. Disembarkation very quick. FAs were friendly if you needed them. They also provided the Thailand Arrival Form for foreigners. Seat was good for a short trip. Ground service could be better no one helped us during checkin and baggage dropoff at Changi Airport. The queue for clearing immigration was very long at the airport. Once the immigration officers checked our travel documents, we were told that we need a document checkstamp from the Jetstar counter. So we went back to the checkin counter to get the stamp.
  Eurowings flight operated by Avion Express Malta. No business class available. No extra legroom. Seats not cleaned. Cabin crew really annoying and doesnt care. And they stuff others handbags on top of yours without being gentle. Just slam and press it in and close the lid.
  I didnt even catch the flight. I was denied entry for being too late, even though I had plenty of time to board. The staff at the counter said I should have been there four hours earlier. Their correspondences indicated no such thing. I have never missed a flight in my life, but I wasnt alone. In the five minutes I stood in line at the help desk, I met almost a dozen other people with the same issue. Im writing this from an airport lobby, resting my head on my book bag, preparing to sleep here for the night. Never,  ever fly this airline.
How bad airline service can be? We got a text message at 630 am today June 5th saying our flight for June 6th from JFK is delayed and all other connecting flights are moved as well  resulting in 24 hour delay. Email was sent with just two options  accept or cancel! So, called Orbitz another useless service provider, they booked our flight to JFKMumbai  MAA and sent confirmation email etc all good. Then in 2 hours, we check, our tickets were cancelled. including original booking! called Air India, nohelp  blamed Orbitz.. called Orbitz, same process again, rebooked, showed up in Air india, after 2 hours.. magic, ticket disappeared.  Air India  no help total failure to take care of customers and causing anxiety  24 hours before start of important trip.. will never book in AI ever again. 
  Yet another day in SpiceJet glory. My flight gets cancelled precisely 24 hours before They havent heard of advanced communication. Note I have a connecting flight the next day from Bangalore to London. Now in a panic, I try every single number for customer care only to be disconnected saying we are busy they havent heard of a call queue. Finally, I scanned through the cancellation message a mail and it reads  you can get a refund or reschedule. I thought maybe they had automated everything and I would be able to book something on the same day if I follow the link  surprise surprise they take me for a complete fool and for that reason every single customer. After you follow their interface it says your money will be refunded in 21 days and there is no option for fight change. I want my money right now in 1 day in fact in 5 minutes the way you looted it while SpiceJet looted it while they gave an illusion for a service. I wonder why the Indian aviation authorities and customer services are not looking in such malpractices.
  Very attentive, courteous and helpful staff. Good food, but the portions could be slightly bigger. My favourite airline as I have flown with many other airlines in the past but none of them beat the quality of service I receive from Qatar Airways. I am absolutely always excited when flying with them as I have never been dissatisfied.
  Alaska Airlines reduced the value of their mileage program after I had responded to incentives and earned 108,000 miles. I tried to book a rewards flight and Alaska had reduced the value of my accumulated miles so much that I could only get tickets on the worst flights that landed the day after takeoff. Just another corporate bait and switch ripoff. 
  Worst flight ever. This trip was a nightmare from the early flight without water, coffee, food, to the very cramped seats even though we paid extra room for a PLUS to the flight without any type of entertainment or wifi  internet options. Ive been using Avianca for more than 20 years in this type of flight and it used to be a very different story. I will never use this airline again and Im not recommended to anyone right now!
  As someone used to flying jets and on airlines that are at the very least using the branding of a larger carrier, Boutique was a novel experience but not one Id jump for over a legacy carrier. Then again, the business model for Boutique relies on them being the only game in town for farflung airports. My journey home from Boston began with a call from the ticket agent as I made my way to the airport. He pulls double duty as a gate agent of sorts and wanted me to call upon arrival. He then strongly implored me to bring my bag aboard. It was a chore to lug on and off the small aircraft but I managed. The interior of the aircraft was in good condition except for the carpeting, which could have used a cleaning. There are sodas and small water bottles aboard, as well as snack size bags of pretzels and the like. One of the pilots offered us some of these before we took off on the second leg. And a lesson I learned the hard waythe cup holders are not super deep so maybe dont buy a large coffee or any other large unsealable beverage to take aboard, lest you wear some of it during takeoff. There was significant turbulence on our approaches, especially into Baltimore. Passengers can see straight ahead and through the cockpit window as the plane shakes with the runway in sight. I dont get air sick but people who do might want to know that. I should stress, however, that I at no point felt unsafe. Boutique offers codeshare with United, through whom I booked this trip. However, youll want to read the fine print, since not all Boutique fares rack up United miles.
Business class on one hour flight to Tehran. Check in and boarding organized. The flight was via Airbus A310 with clean interior. Full hot meal was served which I consider unusual for such a short flight. The cabin crew were friendly and around to assist passengers. I found the business class fare rather low  and I probably will use them again.
  I flew with SriLankan Airlines Airlines from Sydney to Delhi and there was a transit at Colombo for 5 hours. At first when they started providing the food for being vegetarian myself I selected veg food before boarding the flight but they gave me some terrible food both the times. After we arrived at Colombo upon checking there is a transit time increased to 8.5 hours which was 5 hours when I booked. I am regretting why I have booked. This is last time in my life I flew or came to Sri Lanka. I dont have words how frustrated I am.
 Medellin to Miami. This airline is the worst airline I have ever flown. They have many hidden prices, the seats are very uncomfortable worse than Spirit their customer service is terrible and very careless. With everything you pay for this airline in extras, you pay for a much better one and even in first class. What a way to steal from people.
 My husband, 2 young boys, aged 4 and 7, and I flew to Merimbula for a holiday and we were allocated 2 x 2 seats in consecutive rows. My boys chose to sit together and my husband and I sat directly behind them. As we ascended, both of them started to panic, one feeling sick, the other saying he couldnt breath. There was quite a scene which all passengers were witness to. Id leaned forward to reassure them, but was obviously constrained by my seatbelt whilst the seatbelt sign was on. Our flight attendant, when safe to do so, came directly to my childrens side, knelt down to their level, and reassured and comforted them. She was completely forthcoming and generous in her care. My boys were instantly calmed. 
 This was my first time flying with Alaska Airlines and I cannot say enough good things. I could not get into the States from Canada to get my flight because I didnt have the ESTA, my kids and husband didnt need one because they are Canadian. We decided they should go ahead and I would wait and fly as soon as I received it. I called Alaska Airlines and they were amazing, no wait to talk to someone, and allowed me to change my flight as needed and only pay the difference. They did not have to do anything to help me really, as my ticket was one of the cheaper options. Once I got the document I needed three days later they got me on the next flight available. Every member of staff I talked with was so polite and professional. The flights went on time and arrived early. I have flown quite a lot in the past and have never been as impressed as I was with Alaska Airlines and I will go out of my way to fly with them again, even though there are usually other options that work better for me flying from Canada. I really dont understand why their rating is not higher.
  Rhodes to Dublin. On way back we stood in line for 2 hours to check in. Then again for hour for security check. Then probably another hour for passport control before boarding. We were three hours early but flight ended up an hour late. Elderly and disabled stood for 3 hours. 
  This airline is shambolic. Our direct flight from Paris to Dzaoudzi was cancelled and another given after 3hours but via Reunion. On arrival in Reunion, shoved in my face a letter of apology. Agents very stand offish. Nothing offered, not even water. Crying babies, elderly customers not taken care of. Just herded like cattle to a small gate area. On embarking from Reunion to Dzaoudzi our baggage could be seen on tarmac but not loaded. Advised Purser and Captain but they shrugged shoulders. On arrival in RUN, a total of 8 hours late with no luggage. On return flight to Paris CDG we were advised maybe a stop in East Africa, then told once on plane, going direct. Served a freezing cold salad as an entree and thats all. A dry baby croissant for breakfast, but were made to feel grateful. We pay for service and products but must be grateful for something! I contacted Air Austral under EU LAW 2612004 for my refund as laid out under EU Legislation  after 17 emails ignoring me, I contacted a third party attorney. Sure enough they are paying up my refund. I can only say, this airline is awful. They hold you to ransom after you pay your hard earned money, treat you like you are doing them a favour, glare at you when questioned, ignore the law they are contractually bound to, serve you cold salad for dinner, lose your luggage, contact you after 6 months once summoned by a lawyer, tell you where they are taking you with no chance to deplane if you need to change your plan. The situation is their Boeing 787 has many technical problems, the Boeing 777 is too big to land in Mayotte, so instead of being truthful, they just lie. Still, they are supposedly 3star?
 Delhi to Bengaluru. Guys, yesterday was the first and the last time that I travelled in GoAir. It wasnt the worst, it is the most thirdgrade airline I have seen yet in my life including the ground staff and onboard staff. The staff is horribly horrible both at the boarding counter and in the flight. If you dont have an option, better travel by train or bus but not by GoAir.
I used Air Greenland on a trip from Copenhagen to Kangerlussuaq on to Aasiaat Ummanaq Ilulissat then back to Kangerlussuaq and Copenhagen. The flights from Copenhagen to Kangerlussuaq and return were on modern A330s. I flew business class which was excellent for an average flight time of 4.5 hours. The transatlantic flights were smooth crew efficient and friendly seats comfortable and equipped with video monitors and the aircraft clean. Domestic flights were flown on Dash 7 rather old but clean and a reliable aircraft. All flights on time. On the downside any flight that has an intermediate stopover requires one to deplane and wait in the boarding lounge. At markedly cold temperatures walking on the tarmac to the terminal is not necessarily the most enjoyable experience. Overall though this is a very good airline and I do not hesitate recommending them.
  We had booked a flight with Tigerair Australia for our soccer team to fly out from Sydney to Melbourne on Friday the 6th March 2020 for a soccer tournament. This flight was booked on the 20th of February 2020. After checking in the day before, we received a message from Tigerair on Friday the 6th of March at 930 am informing us that our flight has been cancelled due to poor weather conditions and that they had put us on the next a available flight which was on Saturday the 7th of March at 340 pm. However, we had already booked our hotel for Friday and our first soccer match of the tournament was on Saturday 11 am. After calling their customer service, we were told that they could not do anything about it other than provide a flight credit valid for 6 months. They also told us that we will not be given a refund as they cannot control the poor weather conditions. We were forced to book a last minute flight on the same day Friday 6th of March costing us $400 one way with Virgin Australia Airlines. It is interesting to know that only Tigerair had cancelled their flights for that day and no other airline did. Very poor customer service and will not book with them ever again. I hope they go bankrupt and in liquidation. It is also interesting that Tiger Airways Australia is a wholly owned subsidiary of Virgin Australia. Something fishy was definitely going on as the weather was perfectly fine on that day both in Sydney and Melbourne.
KununurraBroome in an ERJ170. A very pleasant flight. The seat pitch and light refreshments were fine for such a short leg. The seats have comfortable adjustable headrests. The service was friendly and the flight departed and arrived 20 minutes early.
  Moscow to Mineralnye Vody. It was the first time that I bought simple economy class without any luggage. Previous experience with Russian lowcosts was far from successful, but before that I used S7 services a lot, so that made me choose that option. Also regarding the fact, that tickets were the cheapest ones at that moment. The flight was really good. Punctual, with friendly cabin crew and nice green airplane I like their design and its an important factor for me. However, I want to leave some life hacks for that tariff option, that may help future passengers to avoid some undesirable obstacles and enjoy the flight as I did. Ive seen here some critic about that proposal of S7 and I guess often the reason is, that were are not used to such types of flights. First of all, be aware what is included in your ticket and what isnt. In the case of basic economy class it food, beverages and 10 kg of hand luggage. You have to pay for a normal luggage and choosing the place in plane. Important thing  if you bought tickets together, it makes no sense to pay for a place to sit also together. A system will make it automatically, so just save your money. In case of additional luggage  its better to purchase it in the internet. It will be cheaper than in the airport. In the airplane there isnt always a lot of free space for hand luggage, but if you have a problem  just ask the stewardess. They are pretty friendly and always here to help. Also if food portion was small for you  you can always ask for additional one. Regarding my experience with S7, cabin crew will never say no.
  The flight is mostly delayed and not on time. I had travelled in this flight from Bangalore to Malaysia and then Bali, and the same way back. Comfort level on the flight is also not up to the mark. Crew members dont attend issues the right way, take a lot of time to deliver food, especially if you get the seats around 20 and beyond. I would never recommend this flight. Not a smooth journey overall.
 With first class tickets, the airline is supposed to provide tofrom airport transportation. The website is giving error when trying to set up a pick up from home to airport yes, the distance is under the limit. Weve tried calling their support line, which requires sending an email. We have done this process 4 or 5 times, without anyone being able to help with the issue. There is no real support, and they have not been able to help in any way or provide guidance or support. The worst support experience for airline.
  This company is very sketchy and has deceiving practices! Once they took your money  you lost it no matter what. Beware dont request your refund to be processed through online there is a trick they dont tell to people about  under terms and conditions in fine print it states that you grant them full amount and you agree to that. I called their customer service to book a ticket in April 2023 for my 75 y.o. mother and I asked them about refund policy  customer service rep. guided me to the web page and confirmed there is $200 penalty for international flights  economy class. I purchased a ticket for my mother amount of $650 in April 2023. Flight was for June 3 2023. April 30th my mother got into the hospital and May 1st I immediately called Polish airlines to cancel ticket I booked for June 3 2023. LOT Polish Airline agent said I need to go online and complete refund form  which I did. In 10 days I received a refund for 37$ out of $650. It was ridiculous and I called them multiple times, they laughed at me saying that there is nothing they can do and wont even give me a voucher!
  We flew Air India on March 31st. Ground crew at Vancouver she is very nice and friendly. However the aircraft is too old. Seat armrests are broken and entertainment are not working. I could not even charge our devices. But the flight attendants specifically Chodden and Anisha are friendly, they made sure that our kids were entertained while on flight. I dont think we will be flying Air India in our future travel.
  Horrible experience with Akasa. They rescheduled both my flights. One flight was at 2015 but was moved to 0020 and the other from 1830 to 0750. Worst airline ever. They give a customer care number but I was never able to connect as the operators were always busy. And currently they are making a fuss over the refund as they are supposed to refund the entire amount if flight is rescheduled by more than 2 hours. I would recommend any other airline but not this.
  I booked direct flight at premium price as travelling with young kids However, Vietnam airlines cancelled our flights, book us on connecting flights making our total journey 4 times as long. Worst, they did not even inform us of the change of flights. When I requested compensation, they just ignored my request I understood they do the same on regular basis when direct flights are not fully booked. Terrible experience.
  Voicing what other reviewers have said, Air Transat call centrecustomer service is non existent. After waiting for hours, you still dont get a chance to talk to anyone. The option to add a suitcase before 24 hours so you can pay a little less was impossible to achieve on their website or app. I have been on the phone with them for 1h30 and did not manage to speak with anyone. On my flight to Toronto from London, the cabin crew pointed out I could speak with the Air Transat people who would be waiting at the gate. I explained my issue about adding my suitcase for my return, and their answer was still you need to call this number, and they would pick up this Canadian number in 15 minutes. I said I couldnt call from Canada because I dont have a Canadian phone, and asked to call from theirs  of course the lady looked at her colleague nervously smiling and told me she wasnt allowed to do so. When speaking to people in the checkin area, they explained in most areas they are subcontracted employees from Air Transat and they cannot help with anything else than paying for your luggage when you get to the airport 2h before your flight. It is impossible to speak to anyone to sort out your problems  avoid at all costs! Additionally, how ridiculous is it to charge extra for luggage on a TransAtlantic flight? Furthermore, food in the plane is stingy and borderline inedible. Kudos to the cabin crew though, working in that environment I am sure they put up with every day, they were quite lovely.
  Due to Covid19, Thai Lion Air notified me the cancellation of my April round trip flight from Taipei to Bangkok but without mentioning any remedy. I had to go to their website to find out the solution. Then I sent 2 emails with photocopy of my eticket and passport to request a refund, but got no any response and of course no refund since April. This is the worst airline I have ever experienced, and I will never take a flight with them again.
  I bought my ticket many months ago summer and decided to add some upgrades. Its my vacation after all, I thought. First I paid for a bag  meal combo. I needed the bag but it made sense to add a meal, after all its a 7 hour flight and the website makes it look like you wont get one otherwise. Then I add a comfort seat for another $45 and pick which seat I have. Well, fast forward to my travel date. I check in and first there is a long, slow moving line. Then when I check in, I show my passport and boarding pass I printed, the agent smiles and says, you wont need that. Then I get my ticket and later once Im thru TSA I realize what she meant, my seat was moved to economy class. I though, ok must be a mistake, right? I go to the counter and it seems that theres already a line of people with the same issue. All the agents can do its tell us its a full flight so they cant do anything.  She advises everyone to take a picture of the boarding pass which I later needed to get a refund but sounds like this happens way too often. It turns out everyone gets a free meal anyways. Its deceptive practices.  Dont waste your money.
  I am a Chinese citizen living in Bahrain and I was travelling from Bahrain to Bangkok in February in 2020. When my trip ended and time to return to Bahrain, I was refused to board the airplane just because of my nationality. At that time Kuwait government banned Chinese citizens from entering Kuwait due to coronavirus pandemic, which i totally understand. But Kuwait government did not mention anything regarding transit passenger. Besides, I hadnt travelled to China since August 2019, and I had been living in Bahrain since the pandemic began.  When the airline refused my trip they mentioned it was a rule from the Kuwait government and they could not provide another trip with another airline to me. So I was abandoned by them, stranded in Bangkok with nowhere to go for a night, and had to buy another ticket to return to Bahrain. Since then I tried to request a refund and an apology, but they only replied once to my email saying the ticket can be rebooked with normal rebooking policy and charges may apply. Nothing about my request for the refund and apology ever since. They do not have a international call center so it is impossible to call them directly when you are not in Kuwait.
  It was swift and easy when they take your money but postpurchase service is horrible, terrible, they would test your patience to the max. They changed my flight schedule  which was fine, as I chose for refund in voucher form, this is where the issue began. it has been taking me 27 days and countless phone calls and emails. For them to finally refund the booking in voucher form so it took me 10 emails and calls to get a refund for 1 passenger, and then another round of equal efforts for another passenger, until this point it has been 1 month and they still have not refunded me completely yet. Online support Dept seems to have a team of 12 persons or they are just not in the mood for working. 
  Osaka to London via Seoul. Its impossible to find fault with Asiana. Both outbound and inbound flights were great. Seat width and pitch probably the best Ive experienced in economy in last 5 years. Food delivered with metal cutlery, food choices great, service impressive. All 4 flights arrived earlier than scheduled. Transfers in Seoul Incheon incredibly efficient. Why on earth can other airlines not operate like Asiana?
  I took a flight from Casablanca to Moscow with stopover in Istanbul. After reading reviews I was very afraid. I had only 2 hrs to so security control in Istanbul and I was afraid to losing it because of delays. My big luggage was 20,1 kg and I was afraid they will ask me to pay more weight because I bough 20 kg. My hand luggage was heavy and slightly bigger than the company rules. Also my luggage was checked in Casablanca and I was afraid they would loose it or no having enough time to put it in the second place. I was first in the lane when check in started. All was very fast and easy. They didnt charge extra weight, they didnt check hand luggage size or weight I have seen passengers with many bags and they allowed them to go, both flights were in time, staff and crew kind and helpful.  I will fly again with Pegasus
 Guwahati to Delhi. The flight arrival was not on time, they said there are weather issues as reason for delay which there was not. Normal weather outside at time of landing, booked cabs missed, reached home late, was veryhungry and tired. I requested a window seat but they denied that as well.
Salzburg to Berlin Tegel return. Both Flights left and arrived on time or ahead schedule. Well maintained aircraft B737700 and B737800. Prices for food are ok and acceptable. Pilots kept us well informed but the IFE with the flighttrack was shut down during the flight without any reason. All in all a very pleasant experience and TUIfly is worth the money.
  Pune to Kolkata. Lowest leg space provided by AirAsia India in the domestic sector. No self check in kiosk facility available. The seats are preassigned as per their convenience and they dont change it as per your preference at the airport. I had flown this airline last month on the same sector, but thought of giving it another chance. All I got was disappointment. Low cost but low quality of service.
From priority check and security to the Skye Lounge was fast and efficient. Priority boarding and welcome aboard from cabin crew, sparkling wine and newspaper to good seating. The service was excellent throughout, the crew were attentive and busy. Given menu for lunch, very good choices, well presented and delicious, refereshments served at intervals during flight. High tea just before landing, again no complaints. The audio system was good but could have had more choice in the films. Fourteen days later on return flight the same experience was had with another good cabin crew who looked after us well. I must say Virgin Premium Economy was our normal choice, first time direct from Glasgow with Thomson Airways Premium Economy but will certainly be using them again in May 2016.
  Birmingham to Malaga. Flew with Thomson Airways as part of a holiday package and was really disappointed with the experience. To start with checkin at both destinations was disorganised and there was little or no staff presence managing queues. Flights operated late both ways will little explanation as to why. The service onboard was erratic to say the least the crew were disinterested with passengers and rushed through everything to hide away in the galley. I decided not to purchase any duty free as I didnt fancy flicking through my brochure which was stuck together with gum.
  Sydney to Brisbane. First time flying with Tigerair. Would only consider them again as a last resort. Airside they bunched all their flights right into one corner so the queue was twice as long and there were no seats. Had a number of issues with their website being dysfunctional in terms of not sending and viewing boarding passes. Not being able to login to several features such as to book flights, manage flights etc using their mobile app but just managing to get in with the desktop site. When I was about to show the epass at the gate the mobile website failed to display due to the server being busy. It was not possible to save a copy of the pass to my phone wallet either. Luckily I got a printed one just in case. One thing I was looking forward to was the tigertainment entertainment system which on their website is available on all aircraft. Sadly this was not available on my flights. No wifi signal let alone logging in. No mention of this made onboard. Onboard menu food options had limited options listed but none were available. I was a front row passenger on my flight to Brisbane but even with this my legs were cramped. Cabin crew did nothing to deter someone using one of the spare front seats to wait for the toilet instead of standing even though they hadnt paid for it. My return flight to Sydney was rescheduled a few days before to an earlier time slot and it was a pain having to wait and call them to reselect my seat.
 Do not use Kenya Airways! This was the worst decision Ive ever made, I had two flights one from Mombasa to Nairobi which was delayed 4 hours so I almost missed my second flight home to London then I got there and they delayed it by an hour meaning it was 1255pm then they told us they were delaying it till the next day at midday. The organisation was appalling. Got to a hotel room at 4am which wasnt cleaned at all and they didnt even give me a key card for my hotel room. The flight then also got delayed another 2 hours the next day.
Already second time within two months that KLM loses my baggage on the same route. Im working offshore and I have no time to wait in hotel until my baggage will be found. 
  In the absence of true competition in Irans flight industry, Iran Air is misusing its monopoly by not being accountable towards passengers most of whom dont have any other option for direct flight to Iran. Iran Air has learnt to how not to be responsive. Awful food, entertainment, and hygiene service. Not recommended to those who dont like to have a flight as if being in a dilapidated instead of a decent airbus.
First class service on the Cardiff to Newcastle route. On time staff were friendly and helpful in which was a very professional service. Would recommend.
  Our InselAir flight from Curacao to Aruba was cancelled and we had to wait 9 hours for the next flight. The flight back was delayed only 30 minutes but another gate was used without changing the information screens or making a announcement. This was the worst airline I have used.
  Went from Singapore to Bangkok. Airbus A350 then on from Bangkok to London Heathrow. Boeing 777. Positives Received 3 meals over 2 flights and all the food was delicious especially the rice. This was as a surprise as didnt have high expectations for their food. However their was a vegan passenger next to me who was only served fruit the whole flight. Negatives The seat was uncomfortable and hard with no leg rest but can recline the chair. The cabin crew were no longer in their traditional Thai outfits. They were not that friendly but were present throughout the flight. The ground staff at Bangkok, were not up to the Land of Smiles name, and the crews seemed to lack friendliness although they remained professional and efficient. Didnt use wifi on both flights so cannot comment on their connectivity. Cannot comment also on the in flight entertainment but no doubt there would have been choice. Will fly with them again if you get a cheap deal but Overall average. Disappointing for the money we paid.
  Thai is a very good airline with excellent customer service and food. It is kind of value for money but it just average though. I didnt like though wa the wifi connectivity it was not as good as they said, but still I will give it a pass. Everything else was pretty good. So in summary Thai is a very good airline.
  We flew with Scoot on our SingaporeSydney route on the way back from the UK, which we booked through Singapore Airlines.  However, we were disappointed. We paid a little bit extra for a Scoot in Silence seat, which was like a small economy area where children werent allowed. Food was pretty terrible but included however drinks were not included, except for water. We had brought our own water on board but had to pay for any extra drinks, which I wasnt happy about. No entertainment system, so come prepared with your own devices. I wouldnt fly Scoot again, and next time will pay extra to fly with Singapore Airlines the whole way.
  Over the last 10 years my husband andor me have flown PAL roundtrip from LAX to Manila about 20 times. Flights are generally good, mostly on time, great crew, lousy food. However, their website and bookingrefund policies are the worst. Almost every time we fly, their website has a problem with my credit card, then we have to spend at least an hour to call them, find the reservation, verify everything, then pay over the phone. This week I tried to book a flight, credit card rejected 4 times Southwest Airlines VISA card with $35K credit limit that I charge everything to without issues, called, and by time we got through all the preliminary stuff the low rate I had online was gone. So we had to choose between changing my wifes family time by a day, or pay a higher fare. I have fought with customer service repeatedly over these issues to no avail. The last time this happened the customer service agent said this is a known problem and they are working on it. Really? For 9 years? I had to cancel a flight during COVID, waited 5 months for refund. Then they never fully refunded the extra charge for a good seat. BTW, now all of their aisle seats are a $20 surcharge. I have had cases where I tried to book the flight online, credit card rejected, I call, the first person finds the reservation and confirms everything, then I get transferred to another person who has to confirm everything again, then takes my credit card info and processes it, then transferred to a 3rd person who has to confirm everything again and does the seat assignments. On any other airline you can do this online in 10 minutes or less, no problem. Maybe the extra customer service expense is part of why theyre in bankruptcy. Bottom line, flights are OK, booking a flight is painful, and the only reason we fly PAL is they are the only airline with direct flights from LA to Manila. If you plan to fly PAL, plan on the time the time you save by flying direct to be wasted on the phone. Watch your blood pressure!
  Florence to Munich. For a short flight of about an hour, the onboard service was excellent, the seats pleasant and staff exceptionally friendly. There were also several beverages offered and this was a very pleasant flight in a relatively new aircraft. Air Dolomiti is a highly recommended airline.
  This airline is worse than Spirit. When arrived to airport at Medellin to go to San Andres I am told my ticket was cancelled back in April but didnt give me any reason. They said an email was sent to me but there was no refund on my account I didnt get a call to make other arrangements. I got so upset because they are blaming me for this. I always purchase my tickets thru cheaptickets and never had a problem. The ticket still shows active at the cheaptickets website I cant understand what happened. My flight was leaving at 1113pm and instead they put me on another flight leaving at 1am in the morning. So I am waiting 6hrs to travel with a 5 year old and my husband. My two check in luggage were over the weight limit 8 pounds each and they still charged me $498 for the overages. They dont deserve to be in business taking money from people.
  London Heathrow to Lagos. Arik Air impressed me as I wasnt expecting the quality of service from an African airline. They have improved their services, expanded routes and fleet. I booked online but had to select my seat so contacted them on the phone. Staff was accessible over the phone they confirmed my selection then and there..
What a disgrace of an airline Air Zimbabwe has become. We have had three incidents with this joke of an air line in as many weeks. Flights delayed by many hours leaving Harare then diverting to Kenya to refuel and finally arriving in London up to 8 HOURS later than scheduled arrival. Flights to Harare from London delayed by 24 hours and a total attitude of indifference shown by Air Zimbabwe officials in London. My advice to anyone thinking of flying to and from Harare with Air Zimbabwe  DO NOT fly with this ghastly airline. Chose BA or SAA.
  Qatar is usually very good, but watch out. They switched us from suites to a very old, not so comfortable business class of a very dated design. No apologies, just you get what you get.  No room for anything. Skimpy travel kit didnt have a toothbrush. Not what you expect from an airline that claims to be best business class. 
  The on board service was great  smiling flight attendants. However, we dealt with an unforeseen circumstance on the day that we were flying. My wife and I were at the boarding gate waiting for our flight. She was very unwell and I had to bring her to the emergency. As much as I understand that we had booked on a special fare, we were at the boarding gate and my wife was unwell. To add fuel to the fire, I realized that my cellphone accidentally fell off my pocket and it was in the car rental that I returned at the airport. It was too late for me to board that flight. The Porter Airlines employee at the check in desk showed no empathy or compassion  about the circumstance and instead just reiterated about the change fee policy in a grouchy tone! I understand that we were on a special fare. However, it did not cost the airline anything to put us on to the next flight where there were lots of seats available given the fact that the reservation was directly booked through the Porter Airlines website. The airline employee chose to stick to the company policy and not show any compassion to a valuable customer and generate that goodwill. Porter has two lost customers due to this!
  I was sent an email that said that my flight was cancelled. Apparently, my flight wasnt cancelled, and the exclusions were buried in the email under the change flight or get a refund section. I went online as suggested and requested a refund, only to be charged $300. I called the company and was told very rudely that I should have called first and that theyll have to call me back. No one called me back. I call again, and this person tells me that my flight wasnt cancelled. I said that I received an email to the contrary. Well, I send them that and was told that my flight isnt actually cancelled.  So, I say can I just rebook it or at least get a credit since I still plan on flying. I was told flat out no. So, even though they sent me a very misleading email, it was my fault, and they cant offer me anything. I didnt care about getting my money back. But a credit would have been nice since the email seemed designed to mislead others. I didnt even require the full credit, just something since what they did was horribly misleading. 
CDGSEZCDG Business Class. We traveled on the only B767 with the new business class seats angled lie flat. These seats are a great improvement compared to previous Pearl Class seats. Outward flight on time inward flight with 1h delay due to late arrival of plane from CDG and slow boarding at SEZ due to passengers having to walk in heavy rains on the tarmac to reach jet. Food and wine soso. Nothing terrific but strangely enough on CDGSEZ meals were not at all what was shown on the menu staff apologized. Personal DVD players given for entertainment  provided adequate offering of movies. Overall a decent experience in Business Class.
  Nur Sultan to Shymkent. Extremely nice experience. Food and drinks served on short flight all included in the ticket price. Cabin crew very friendly and professional.
 Delays both coming and going. Missed my connection by over three hours. To make matters worst, the customer service was incompetent and rude. They cancelled my flight unannounced to me, and treated me like I was the problem. Do whatever possible to take any other airline!
 First time flying Avelo, staff was super helpful at the Tweed airport! He was super attentive to me and my friend flying and answered all our questions. In all the chaos from a delayed flight he made sure that we were informed and taken care of. 
  Denpasar to Semarang. Probably one of the worst airline in the World. Delay has become a bad habit and they keep announcing delays without ever giving you the right information. Instead of being able to go to a restaurant, they make you wait announcing that you will fly in the next 20 minutes. 2 hours later you are still waiting. You are left with no food or drink that they should legally provide. Add prohibitive luggage fee Im not talking about excess and you could fly a decent airline for the same price. Avoid at all cost.
  I flew Batik from Bangkok to Kuala Lumpur and my flight was delayed by 3 hours. Being a full service carrier, Batik offered no onboard beverage or meal service. The flight seats were average, and the crew were courteous. No inflight entertainment.
  Will never fly again with Silver Airways. The cliche You get what you paid for holds true for this instance. The issue wasnt the fact that it was delayed twice and then cancelled altogether, but that passengers werent notified until last minute. We were stranded at the airport for 10 hrs, then to find out that the next scheduled flight was not at 1030A, but 330PM. I lost 12 hrs of work $512, had to take a rental $192  $58 for gas, lost the $89 of the air fare. All because Silver Airways does not care about its customers. The front line workers were excellent, but this company has a poor leadership. They follow the I guess it sucks for you. Figure it out. No refunds. Not good business. Keep your customers informed. They will understand. But what you dont do is leave them in the limbo. I couldnt get anyone at Customer Service, no one was at the ticket counter, and just had to cross my fingers and hope for the best.
  Surabaya to Makassar. Finally, a flight for home, and i choose this airline, Great ground staff. Clean cabin. The flight attendant are nice. Crowded flight. Great take off, and good landing. no delay.
There is no Web check in for the flight from HCMC to Singapore return. After getting the boardingpass, passengers were checked again with their handluggage strictly for 7kg at the end of the checkin counter by another agent. The hand luggage weighing more than 7kg have to be sent as checkin luggage with an additional fee of 60SGD. After checkin, all passengers were forced to depart immediately even they checkin 3 hours before the departure time of the flight. In order to assure this, the agent keep the boardingpass of the passengers and follow the passengers to the departure gate, only give to boarding pass to the passengers at the departure gate to be sure that they will never come back?
  Lisbon to Istanbul in economy. Turkish Airlines has a decent hard product but they are being let down by related infrastructure partners and service providers  boarding times are slow, emails hardly get answered and calls to the hotline rarely get connected. Despite all of that, they are one of the few airlines to have a very modern and extensive IFE system on their narrowbody aircraft, and their outreach is unparalleled because they boast the most destinations and connections of any airline at a price thats hard to beat. Legroom is fairly generous too, sufficient without being luxurious. 
  Santiago to Arica return for holidays. It was a nice experience to fly the newly turned lowcost Sky Airline from Chile as the competition for this route had the double price. Only 1 checked baggage allowed as compared to 2 for.most South American airlines was enough. The prices on board for beverages and snacks were not that high as compared to the European low cost airlines and with the exception that when we landed to Arica we had to wait more than one and a half hours in the plane because somebody forgot hisher luggage inside the terminal and the police had to check it for a bomb this was what we were told afterwards in the airport, both flights were on time or before schedule, flight attendants were very helpful and friendly. There was a lack of entertainment on board.
  Smooth flight round trip and witnessed a lot of patience and great customer assistance by the staff. One of the 6 American Airlines I will fly with and I have flown on small and 4 seater planes and have followed airline travel for decades since I am a huge travel buff. Safety is number one, then customer service, then cost, then on time departures.
  It was the worst experience that I ever had. I bought 3 tickets for myself, my wife and my 19 month old son since we need extra room when we are flying. We flew from Los Angeles to Tashkent via Istanbul and back from Tashkent to Los Angeles after spending 2 weeks in Tashkent with 3 days stop in Istanbul. We really liked Istanbul and its touristic attractions. We bought tickets via Expedia and I paid full price for my sons ticket. When checking in in Istanbul TK representatives told us that we have to buy new ticket for our son since the one we bought was a child ticket, but it has to be a baby ticket as our son is under 2 years old. They told us that on previous 3 hops TK made a mistake allowing our baby onboard and they sent us to to a ticket office where I got charged an additional 130 USD for a new ticket for our son. Its the kind of Turkish Bazar experience you get when you deal with TK. It was a very stressful situation for our family as we were almost late to our flight to LA. I was very angry and was not able to sleep during our flight to LA. Its a completely different experience with Turkish Airlines in other countries as in TashkentUzbekistan and Los Angeles their representatives are more customer focused. 3 years ago I had another bad experience with Turkish Airlines in Istanbul when TK oversold tickets to our flight to Los Angeles. They push people who bought tickets in advance with cheaper rates to stay and chose a different flight making a priority for those who paid higher buying tickets closer to departure date. That creates a stressful experience for the passengers since they dont have seats on their boarding passes. They first push you that you dont have seat available and later gamble proposing bonuses to passengers to abandon a flight and you have to stand firm to take your flight. Somebody agrees at the end to abandon a flight. Our Turkish Airlines experience was so bad that it spoilt our impression about our vacation in Turkey. We would try to avoid this airline and country in overall for upcoming vacations. 
A great little airline launched recently in Togo with the backing of Ethiopian Airlines. The return journey from Banjul to Freetown was made as straightforward as possible by Asky who laid on the connecting bus and fast ferry as part of the ticket costs from the strangely located Lungi Airport on one side of the wide river estuary to Freetown on the other. Not all the airlines flying into Freetown do this so full marks to Asky. The flights were really smooth in good aircraft with courteous and helpful cabin crew. A very welcome discovery and an airline that Im busily recommending now to friends and colleagues in Banjul  Freetown.
  I booked premium economy as the final leg of my vacation after a terrible experience with TAP Portugal. Right from the get go, the ground and flight crew were friendly, personable and made me feel right at home. The seats are spacious, very comfortable and recline far without encroaching on your neighbors. The food was fantastic, I had the salmon which came with spinach, bell peppers and mash potatoes with a touch of radish mustard. Drinks are complimentary, so red wine was had. Also added the tapas, not sure id recommend it  not terrible, just not that great. Finally, you get charging ports, a fold out entertainment screen, and if youre a window seat, control of the window shades on the large windows. Having flown a lot, Id rank Norse as my favourite experience yet. A very civilized way to travel.
 Avianca is a shame! In an international sixhour flight they did not offer any drinks or food. Not even a glass of water! Everything had to be purchased and payment could only be done with a credit card. No earphones were offered, so no one could use the entertainment system. My fellow Argentinean passengers  many of them elders or people with infants  deplaned in a serious state of exhaustion, dehydration, and frustration. I found out about this horrific service in advance, from a Colombian friend, and so I was well prepared with large water bottles and sandwiches. If anyone has to fly Avianca, lets all bring on board smelly fried chicken, boiled eggs, and lets all purposely be messy, lets leave their planes full of grease and wrappers and egg shells  a small act of resistance!
  Sydney to Istanbul via Seoul. Wonderful staff and even though it was an older plane the seat was comfortable with good legroom. Unfortunately, the entertainment choices were limited and the equipment was poor and old. Luckily, the Korean films were very entertaining and had English subtitles because none of the other world movies did. The plane was delayed one hour on the runway in Sydney, whilst they waited for the meals and again when a passenger didnt feel well. However, we made up the time in the air. The Sydney to Incheon leg was a day flight leaving in the morning, however the blinds were closed for the 9 hour trip. The same happened from Incheon to Istanbul, again a day flight of 9 hours, so it was quite stuffy particularly because the cabin temperature was warm. I preferred the excellent Korean food over the western meal and kept hydrated with tonnes of water rather than trying their alcohol. All flights were full but the staff were exemplary remaining patient and smiling. The toilets were surprisingly always clean and in order.
 Our return flight from Terceira to Boston was delayed twice spanning 8 hours stuck in the airport we were notified that the replacement aircraft would not be able to take all the passengers, therefore the flight was overbooked by 80 passengers who were removed from the flight and offered options to fly an extra 5 hour roundtrip to Lisbon plus an overnight stay at a 1star hotel, then the next day to Boston. We stood in line for over 5 hours to be rebooked with only 2 junior counter people who were inexperienced requiring them to call a supervisor by phone for codes in order to alter the passengers tickets while 2 other senior agents hide at a checkin counter, refusing to help anyone except the few who sweettalked them into changing their flight, of which they refused to do for me. Not knowing my wife was with me they changed her tickets also, choosing, in secret whom they would help. This is no exaggeration. After the first 2 hours, only the first 2 people left the counter with altered flights again because the agents obviously didnt know how to make the alterations. Paperwork was required for reimbursements 2page form, 1 per passenger, 5 in my case, wife, and kids. After the first 2 hours passed we asked the counter to pass the paperwork out the the group so that we could start filling it out in line. They refused at first and after the repeated request by very agitated passengers did they start to pass out the forms as it was creating a bottleneck at the counter, but then refused to give out pens. People began buying pens at the gift shop next to the ticket counter. Again after 1 hour of refusing to give out pens an obvious premium at SATA they then found a box of pens to hand out the 3rd hour in. There was no communication, no advisement. They expected stranded passengers to figure out what to do and where to go, there were 3 different lines, no guidance, SATA employees scattered from the terminal checkin area. Passengers where left to get information from each other, often conflicting. Complete confusion. There were families with children, who became desperate without access to baggage another completely ridiculous story, many crying over the stress of the long day 730am checkin to 930 PM before everyone was served, my self last as I gave my place inline to an elderly couple who lost their place in line after they had to sit after 3 hours in line other passengers were so desperate they refused to let them back in line where they were, that is how desperate everyone became at a certain point. Please choose another destination as the SATA staff in Terceira and the other islands for that matter is not capable of servicing tourist. They do not have the experience, the staff, or planes to properly handle cancelations. Their staff have a sense of entitlement and lack the sensitivity required to care and have the patience to help clients. This is not my first time on SATA and could fill pages with stories but at a point which Delta Airlines and Jet Blue are exploring direct flights, I implore them to reconsider until the Lajes Airport privatizes to a company that doesnt rely on SATA and their very, very, poor record.
  Scoot is not the airline for those who has mobility issues and needs a wheel chair. They made me wait forever, because i did not want to miss my flight, i had to walk to the far away gate. 
  Terrible experience. Missed my connecting flight because of their huge delay. They then sent me to Vienna anyway where I was stuck for 2 nights. They said I could just speak to the desk that didnt exist. No one helped and I had to end up paying huge amounts for hotel and transfers. Lots of other people in the same situation, they are now ignoring me completely and offering no compensation. 
  Hong Kong to Puerto Princesa. In the checkin desk they havent accepted confirmed return ticket and forced to buy me another one in the last moment. When i wanted to write a paper that i will arrange my return flight by my self they didnt allowed me to do it. In summary they scam me for 100 euro, even they tickets cost 60 euro online. And i this money i lost because i already have a ticket. So i think this company is scam passengers for buying return ticket in the last moment and their staff are very rude in Hong kong. It cost me so much nervous and 100 euro extra. I think its their policy how to sell more tickets. I feeling most terrible now after such a flight and have extremely negative opinion about this airlines
ARNHELARN in premium economy. Cold food but wine quite ok. In Rj85 try to get row 14 since pitch is 32 there otherwise. As said quite ok being a commuter line. Ahead of schedule both legs.
 Beijing to Weihai with Shandong Airlines. Comfortable, clean and modern plane with ample leg room, far more generous than Etihad and the other premium airlines I have experienced. Some delay due to air traffic congestion, however bags promptly delivered on arrival. Water provided by friendly and attentive crew for the short flight.
  Flew Phuket to Ko Samui with Bangkok Airways. Great little airline! We flew with only about 6 other people on our little propellor plane and the plane was very smooth! Smoother than most other propellor planes Ive been on. We were also served a great meal without having to purchase it! It was included in the price.
  Hands down the worst customer service I have ever received. Lost our checked in luggage and it took nearly a month to lodge a claim as they dont answer phone calls, avoid responding to emails and in general dont care about their customers. After going round in circles for 4 weeks we finally managed to lodge a claim but had no response since. We will make sure never to fly with this airline again. We have flown twice with them and both times flights were delayed by almost 2 hours without any explanation given.
  Avoid them at any cost. In January 2018, Air Serbia cancelled our flight Los Angeles to Dusseldorf and Dusseldorf to Belgrade. Since then, we have been trying to get our money back, more than $1000, for the missing flights. First with an indirect claim via the seller of the tickets MyTrip.com and then directly via Air Serbia customer support. Until today, we got only replies from Air Serbia asking to give them some more time. The reality is, their customer service has no intention to solve this claim and gives us back our money. As a regular customer of Air Serbia so far, I recommend you to avoid them at any cost.
  Cabin service and flight time is above average. I think the problem of this airline as per previous review is customer service. Their website showed if you want to cancel and then it showed cancelation fees. That is suitable for me and when cancel the fees came to be the refund. Failed to cancel the process and I advise who want to use this airline to use third party reservation and I have no problem. Everything is clear and direct with all third parties but with flynas app be careful
I am often flying with Airzena from Vienna and I find the flights quite comfortable and the crew friendly. The food is below average but eatable. But considering 3 hours of flight and price of a ticket USD 500 to 700 for return ticket it would have been nice to have a better service more internaitonal choice of newspapers larger variety of drinks offered to passengers wine is no longer offered to economy class passengers and better selection of movies during the flight. Looking back at the last five years I was using this airline to fly to Georgia their service has become visibly worse.
Thomas cook changed our flight to go with Kathargo. On time plane clean and comfortable and staff most friendly and helpful. We enjoyed our meals on the outbound and inbound and drinks were plentiful at no charge only for alcoholic drinks. Overall the airline was equally as good as any others we have flown.
 I booked Business Class for my route from Delhi to Chennai for my wife and me 2 tickets. At checkin, the ground staff informed me that, due to aircraft change, there are no Business seats and that we are downgraded to Economy. Until now, after numerous contact with Customer Care, I did not get any indemnification, voucher or other as a compensation. Very disappointing customer management.
LIAT is the most unreliable airline I have travelled on. My family and I booked our flights from St. Croix to St. Lucia. Firstly my parents who had booked their flights over a month in advance of their trip were only advised via email that their flight had been changed to the date prior to the expected departure. There was no courtesy call to my parents explaining the purpose of the change or to apologize for the delay. In any event I took a chance and booked my trip to St. Lucia to attend a family members funeral. Fortunately I made it to St. Lucia just a few minutes late but not without hassle. I arrived at the airport in Puerto Rico at about 9.30 am. There were several persons waiting to check in. They told me that their flight had been cancelled the previous day and that they were asked to come in today to travel on the same flight that I was travelling. We waited and waited at the desk. It was not until over two hours later that an agent came to the desk and checked us in. The flight was about ten minutes late and we proceeded to our destination. Today is my return flight. Ive been at the airport from 7 am waiting on my 8.05 am flight to arrive. It is now 12.30 pm. We were only advised that the flight was delayed upon arrival. Upon asking about the status of the flight I was first informed that it would arrive at 10.30 am then 11.45 am then 12.15 pm and now 1.30 pm. Im supposed to catch a connecting flight in Antigua but although not on my itinerary the LIAT rep has advised that the flight will be going to my destination and I will not need to disembark until then. Lets see how that turns out! We were provided with breakfast. It is now 5 hours from check in and LIATs supervisor has advised that we wont be provided with lunch. Its only upon request that were provided with information regarding the status of the flight or compensation for the delay. I have to reiterate that this is the worst airline ever. They really need some competition. They take advantage of their customers and so little to no courtesy to them. This may very well be the last time I travel on LIAT.
  Prague to Brussels. The best thing was the legroom, you had enough space im 187cm. It was a good flight and the cabin crew was friendly and will try to help you if you have a question. It was an  A319 without entertainment. Maybe the company can give one free beverage because they are a traditional airline.
  Very smooth check in with very generous baggage allowance. Boarding was well organized and done in zones. Cool aircraft with Star Wars robot characters talking between announcements. Service was exceptional which is something Im used to with ANA by now.
 Punctual and decent travel experience mostly. Booked wheelchair, provided from Cochin to Abu Dhabi, from Abu Dhabi refused but from Heathrow given a wheelchair facility. There was water scarcity from the beginning of Abu Dhabi to Heathrow, even a 60 old year lady asked multiple times not given.
 8 hour flight, definitely not cheap and they dont even provide water or snacks! Incredible! Seating is not reclining, very uncomfortable! It was freezing, I asked for a blanket and the hostess said I had to pay for that but they were out of stock! Really? Its already ridiculous that I should have paid for a blanket, but even more so that there werent enough blankets for everyone! Also, no wifi and no screens not even a big one, we didnt have any info about the flight, like position, ETA Worst flight of my life, never again with Cebu!
  Flight of march 2020 was logically cancelled. We requested a refund, which the system said was being processed and could take up to 45 days. Since then no money and no more contact. Phoned multiple times, waiting time up to an hour and when finally in the call, being pressed away again.
  On May 20th me and my partner flew from Amsterdam to Mauritius on board one of the A340s of Air Mauritius Economy class. Ive read some bad reviews about the airline and its aging A340s, but I was pleasently surprised actually. The flight departed on time, and the loadfactor was around 7080 percent. The legroom was sufficient, and the seats were comfortable with a nice headrest en decent recline. Even when the person in front of me reclined the seat I didnt feel cramped. The only downside was the lack of IFE, as around half of the PTVs on board werent working. The cabin crew was very friendly and professional. Both meals were tasty dinner and breakfast, but were a bit small. As I slept most of the flight Im not sure how the service between the meals was. Conclusion I was surprised by the quality of the flight, and it will be even better when the A340s are finally upgraded set the be done later in 2019.
 Flight was better than expected, aircraft was clean and legroom was great for a low cost  tour operated airline. I had pre ordered snack was fine. There was pay menu service even during covid19 period. Crew English speaking fluently were eager to serve you and friendly. We were on time, on boarding they did not check for passenger locator form that Greek authorities required to enter the country, debarkation was on the new format allowed it only by group of rows
  Asked for a ticket refund in October, received an answer on Nov 4th saying that my refund was in the queue. Today its Dec 18th and still no refund. I sent 3 email followups and I never received a reply. I tried to file a customer support request from their website. I added the email screenshot and clicked Submit, I was taken to a screen that says Ive been blocked. Is there even a refund queue? Will I ever receive any refund? 
  My ticket was with Air France and Air France uses Vistara as a codeshare partner for the flight from COK to DEL. Air Vistara doesnt honour weight limitations. I ended up paying 150$ as against stated policy of 100$ for baggage up to 32 KGs. I had to shift weight from my hand baggage as Vistara only allowed 7 Kgs vs 12KGs that allowed by Air France. It was a very disappointing experience to start an international trip like this. Would not recommend Vistara for travel within India.
 I find it very annoying spending substantial amounts of money and then being forced, both ways round trip flight, to check my carry on luggage because of a lack of space on the aircraft. On the outbound, I did not complain as I thought this was an exceptional circumstance. When the same situation presented again on the return flight, I turned upset and I asked how possibly space for carry on luggage are not granted for each passenger, especially considering no mention of this situation is detectable anywhere at the moment of the flight reservation. The response I received was unbelievable for short and medium distance routes like mine Iberia uses probably older aircrafts where space of the above head lockers is calculated as 1 carry on every 3 seats, I therefore wonder is it normal or professional avoiding to mention this to the customer at the time of reservation, in light of the fact we are talking about the official air Company of Spain whose tickets are substantially expensive? Wouldnt be better adapting the aircraft and its space to the current customer needs?
  A great experience, amazing flight attendants on both flights. Flights on time a lot of positive energy.. As a 10 year plus loyal customer thats our only airline.
  My husband and I recently traveled to the Azores  and arrived home over a day later due to the flight delay of SATA Airlines. I would not recommend that anyone fly with this airline. If you travel with SATA Airlines expect very uncomfortable seats with little to no leg room, extremely limited selection of beverages, No international entertainment with limited Wifi connectability, lengthy flight delays, and No reimbursement for extra expenses caused by SATA. When my husband and I were traveling home from Ponta Delgada to Boston, the flight was delayed for 2 hours before we could even board the plane, so we arrived over 3 hours late into Boston and missed all of our connecting flights to Maryland. We both ending up missing a day of work, since we were placed on standby the following day and had to pay out of pocket for a hotel room in Boston that SATA Airlines refused to pay.  After reading other reviews, I now see that this airline does not care about customer service and since they do not accept responsibility for their companys repeated flight delays and customers out of pocket expenses caused by them, they will eventually go out of business or be bought out by another company. I do not recommend SATA Airlines to anyone.
 Subic to Manila. Not reliable in the slightest. Ive flown 5 flights, 3 of which have been cancelled. When they cancel a flight you wait 3045 days for a refund. This one is the last straw. My buddy booked a flight for us from Subic to Manila. The night before they changed the flight from 630 to 810 departure. Flight was delayed until 852. If we had just taken a taxi and left at 6 am we would be almost to Manila by now. So weve spent over twice the amount of money and saved 0 time.
  I am travelling with Aegean Airlines every year from London to Greece and me with my kids are having great time on the flight. We recently came back from Athens Greece on 01.09 and we are very pleased with the crew and the service. I am missing the before COVID19 period meals but the new kolatsio version is very good quality and tasty. I have been a member of Aegean Airlines for a long time now and even though I have tried Easyjet and Ryanair I wont change Aegean Airlines with anything.
Left St. Martin at 12 noon yesterday Sunday July 21 to catch a 2pm flight to Barbados via Antigua Dominica St. Lucia St. Vincent on LIAT. Flight delayed from St. Martin for 3 hours. Finally boarded and headed to Antigua. Another 3 hour delay. Finally on to Dominica. Halfway there the Captain announces that he is experiencing some navigational problems and we have to return to Antigua. Returned and passed through the whole nine yards of Security again and settled down in the departure lounge while the airplane was being repaired. After 3 hours we boarded again and set off once more for Dominica. Arrived and waited half hour in the plane. Then we began to taxi down the runway for takeoff. Just before takeoff the Captain announced that the same navigational problem had recurred and that we have to turn around. It was now about 2am. Finally announced that the problem couldnt be fixed and that we have to disembark and spend the night in Dominica. Finally got to bed around 5am.
  Virgin Australia seems to be a company based on greed. A company that ignores the facts when they are wrong, treat loyal customers of many years terribly, that simply seem unequipped to handle their mistakes, is a company that both unethical and greedy.  On this flight I was in the lounge, as is usual, the flight was delayed by 40 minutes. When they called for boarding the delayed flight I went to the gate to be told it was closed. When it was called we used the toilet then went straight to the gate. Put simply the time that the flight was called with the time it took to walk to gate was not enough. Returning the lounge I was told, in the most awful manner, I had to leave and re enter rudel  and then charged $300 for the next flight for myself and my employee. I followed up with customer service. They sent an email that completely ignored the situation and told me that you should get the flight 30 min before departure. What is the point of the lounge calling the flight if it isnt correct. Beyond that the customer service completely ignored the actual situation and just told me rules that didnt apply to the situation. I am transitioning over to another airline now but be warned. On the surface they seems very approachable but in reality they are crooked, greedy and backward in their approach to the customers. Cursing feels more suited to the situation but this review will have to do. 
Frankfurt Main to Asmara. The crew are most friendly. The onboard service was excellent and standard of the aircraft was good though the legroom wasnt great. The ground handling done by the airline at Asmara International Airport was efficient even though there were a number of shortcomings at the airport the airline got round them. The price of the ticket was worth the service I received.
  Toronto to Newark. If you want to depart at 6, get a ticket for 4. It is not only impossible for this airline to leave on time, they do not communicate delays. Of course, no one expects much from airlines, but the level of sheer disrespect to customers by Porter is out of control. If youre returning to Toronto in the evening, that delay might cause you to be rerouted with no compensation. Horrible customer service, avoid if possible.It is surely a first world complaint, but few things cause me as much annoyance as porter airlines.
  My flight was canceled and I dont need any credit voucher, Id rather prefer the amount transferred to my bank account.But they say its not possible. What am I supposed to do with the voucher if I dont need to travel with them in the next year? Its even more unrespectful and ridiculousthat theyreply with a copypaste of the previous email and dont have the time to answer theirunsatisfiedcustomer. Really bad experience.
 Very bad service to deliver baggage. Its been 5 days after arrival, and still not yet received baggage from airport. As per the airport staff, baggage was supposed to be delivered on third day of travel. From Go Air, its a big shame and careless for customers and I dont want to travel with you anymore. At least you need to answer the phone or contact me for the update. Very poor, bad service and irritated with your careless attitude. No one responsible for customer queries and baggage, and I dont know how you can run the airline in this way.
 Shanghai Airlines flight from Guangzhou to Shanghai. The flight was more than two and a half hours late. We had to get on a followup flight and then we went on the connecting flight. Waiting for more than 4 hours  no basic refreshments were offered to the waiting party. We asked the desk clerk to call or send a message to the company with whom we had to continue the flight, but it was refused. The counter clerk also did not give any details while waiting when the flight would leave. The flight itself on a wornout B737 plane, broken chairs. A flight meal under any inspection. Since the flight was delayed and because we had missed the connecting flight, we turned to the company for an alternate flight. The company disclaims any liability and sends us to the company of the connecting flight. Perfect contempt. We got stuck all night at the airport, no hotel or refreshments were provided. A blatant disregard for their commitment to the passenger.
  Worst business class seats. Why does SQ still have business class seats where the place to put your feet is not in line with the rest of your body? And the transition from bed to sitting is NOT a button push. Rather Get out of seat. Flip seat with handles. Get back into seatbed.
  Jieyang to Singapore. My boyfriend and me were on flight 3K 824 on 30 July 2018. We were very impressed with the service rendered by the 4 crew members. It was a full flight with quite a number of infants, toddlers and impatient elderlies, yet the crews displayed an outstanding amount of patience, cheerfulness and an overall great service. It really made a difference to the general atmosphere of the flight. Thank you for a memorable experience. Good job, keep it up !
  I have been waiting 6 months for a refund, and they never reply to any emails or enquires. Terrible airlines and terrible service. They have basically taken free money for a service that was never provided. This airline is nothing short of a giant scam. Never will I ever book with Thai Lion Air again, and I will warn every single traveller to avoid this airline at all costs.
I flew this airline from JFK to Moscow and the flight was terrible. We got the same food for breakfast lunch and dinner and it was meat with rice that was 2 out of the 3 times cold. The flight stewardess barely knew English and the bathroom was filthy but again it was the cheapest option.
ZB684 14th Dec from Manchester. ZB685 21st from SSH. Flew with Monarch this past week and got to say they were fantastic. Travelling with two under 5s isnt easy and it was our first time. On this particular flight you had to purchase meals from a trolley and provide your own inflight entertainment iPad comes in handy. Hospitality and service was excellent. Would recommend.
  Delhi to Bali via Kuala Lumpur. One of the worst flights i have ever been to. Upgraded to a business class with an amount of Rs 27,000 for two people. The seats were not reclining, the tv screen was not working. And to top it all no food was served even in business class. We were rather uncomfortable even after upgrading it to business. While coming back from bali to delhi, we took the economy seats only, n to my surprise i found out even the water is chargeable, forget the food. And seats were dirty, one of the two seats which we took, the screen was not working again. The economy class recliner was also not working. Worst experience. Would never recommend anyone to fly from malindo air.
 Sydney to Gold Coast. Cabin crew were substandard and barely coping. The loads were full but sitting in a window seat I was ignored and disregarded for service and had to try and get the attention of the attendant for water because she was so pre occupied with the couple beside me. When she reached me she hurriedly threw a glass of water at me without an apology. Also over a lunch break surely we could have a savoury refreshment instead of a chocolate brownie thrown at you. I will probably avoid Rex to travel on again
  Los Angeles to Berlin via Keflavik. I had a very unpleasant experience with WOW air. They first decided to change the aircraft type on the route from LAX to KEF which resulted in us having to land to refuel in Canada 1 hour to a 9hour flight. Then our prolonged flight got they delayed by another hour, and finally placed me into an aisle seat next to the lavatory in the very back of the cabin even though I paid for the reservation of a window seat in the first 10 rows. They also refused to refund me the seat selection price even though I effectively got placed to a random seat which is their default free option. In addition to this, the ground staff and their call center specialists are rude and unhelpful and there is no entertainment of any sort even on the longhaul flights.
 Do not fly this airline. Bait and switch tactics used. Nothing but fees for everything. Starts off the lowest airline out there. After you pick all the options like the seat you want which all of them cost money. You pay more than a reputable airline. No thanks do not buy
  The worst airline experience I have endured. I had 4 flights connections through Casablanca to and from Europe and all four were 3 hours delayed. One of my return flights was cancelled without explanation 2 days before the start of my trip and little was down by way of creating a solution. As well, my bag was lost for the first 2 days of my trip which included a bridesmaids dress needed for a wedding. When I called multiple times to track the bag the airline had no idea where my bag was and said it would be returned within 221 days. I was informed that there were airport strikes in Casablanca and staff were messing with the customers as a form of striking. The employees lied to me and never offered explanations for the four delayed flights. They delayed my return so much that I missed my connection and had to unexpectedly stay the night in Casablanca. There were dozens of other passengers in the same predicament as I, all on differing flights.  Ive filed a claim to receive compensation for the ordeal and received an automated message that someone will try to reply to my claim within 60 days. 
ZRHSOF with a brand new Embraer E190. Quick boarding and flight was on time. Cabin crew was friendly. Served light lunch consisting of a sandwich drinks and complimentary chocolate. Smooth flight and landing in Sofia. Ultimately worth the 250 CHF ticket price recommended airline.
 Tokyo to London Heathrow. One of the best airlines Ive flown with. Clean aircraft, very good food and cabin crew at your service, making sure you are comfortable and dont need anything. And I was in Eco class. I had the chance to chat with the crew during the flight, attitude free, very simple, but sharply professional. The inflight entertainment can be improved but the essentials were there. The flight was slightly delayed but the crew on the ground kept constatant communication and we ended up landed early. I will definitely fly again with JAL.
  I had high expectations but it is a true disappointment. The flight delayed, the cabin was not clean. The flight attendant were tired and demotivated. No accessories like eye blinds, earplugs. My food was terrible and seats were very uncomfortable.
 San Francisco to Mumbai via Beijing.  The flight was delayed by 2 hours from SFO due to the delay in incoming flight. However, the Beijing to Mumbai flight waited for the SFO to Beijing flight to arrive. No lost baggage and the FA went above and beyond to make us comfortable.
 Moscow to Helsinki with Aeroflot. Relatively good flight waiting for checkin took 15min, then it was very fast. Flight on time, relatively comfortable seats, legroom decent, smiling and attentive cabin crew. Negative point the snack served on board was a sandwich with beef, with no other alternatives  airlines should make an effort to at least offer two options meat  non meat.
I was travelling with LAN Argentina from Bahia Blanca to Buenos Aires. After the start of the boarding flight was canceled due to bad weather. I had a flight from Buenos Aires to Madrid on the next day and tried to get some assistance from LAN Argentina due to that fact. Hopeless, no assistance. I had to look for alternative flights, txi, food, hotel, etc on my own. Tried to get the refund from LAN but their site does not allow to ask for it displays error message. Contacted airline via mail several times but never got even an answer not to mention the refund that in spite of insisting was neve done.
  Chicago to Copenhagen via Keflavik. Cancelled flight 12 hours before we were leaving, although flight is arriving in Chicago and returning to Europe tonight. Who gets to stay on, we did not, awful way of doing business, never again
  This airline does not provide any type of update for passengers on upcoming flights as other airlines do not even a reminder of your flight or the option to do online check in. The website is so bad and provides the very bare minimum in terms of flight information. The aircraft are dirty and uncomfortable, and there were lots of passengers that took their mask off during the entire flight without repercussion. The food was gas station quality at best and I was stuck with a broken screen during the second half of an almost 18 hour journey. The staff were nice, but they have little to work with.
  We paid for three seats not knowing it was next to emergency door exit, it was a chaos from ticketing, wheel chair handling, we were asked by 3 stewardesses about emergency door and in case of emergency. We told the third stewardess that if they believe we cannot perform the task to just move us to a different seat and refund the money that we paid for the seat because the we are tired of being asked three times. The seat is not comfortable, not made for a long flight.
  Make sure you check in online before arriving at the airport or they will charge you $16 to check in. Do not be tempted to buy your ticket with an agency or third party when traveling with them as they will claim you have outstanding balance and make you pay for it. I paid $99 for a checked bag, they claimed they didnt receive the payment, charged me a fine $65 at the airport in Bogota. On my return journey to they claimed my bag was included only for the outward journey, so now on return I have to pay another $65 fine to check my bag in. Overall I payed over $400 for a journey that wasnt worth it. The stress they caused is completely unacceptable. Again, cannot reiterate how awful they were.
  Huatulco to Oaxaca. Booked our flights 6 months in advance and a month later they cancelled our flight. We had booked a return trip and one leg was cancelled but they insisted on cancelling both legs and that I buy a new ticket on the one leg that we could use. The company promised a refund for the cancelled flights plus a 25 bonus as it was the airline that had cancelled the booking for operational reasons. They would not reverse the charge on the credit card and insisted that we supply banking information for the refund. We provided all of the information and after several phone calls we still are waiting for the refund 6 months later and no signs of it coming. It appears to me they are running some kind of a scam as I have read a number of reviews with the same complaint. I would suggest if you do not receive your refund in a short period of time ask your credit card company to reverse the charge as the airline has not provided the service. Timing is critical with the credit card company.
  Im usually not too picky when it comes to flying especially because I hate it in general to begin with. However, it turned out to be one of the worst flights Ive ever experienced. It was a 12 hour flight from Frankfurt to Los Angeles and it was truly a draining experience. First of all, there was no AC for the middle rows. It was very uncomfortable and impossible to get sleep when it was so hot on the flight. It was also so difficult to communicate with the stewardesses. Anytime I tried to request different things, their responses made me feel very bad for even asking for a cup of water. Me and my friends on this flight had such a hard time even flagging down help because all our touch screens were not working so we could not use it to request someone for help. Im also shocked that this airline has chosen to charge customers for wine and even headphones on an international flight when Ive always gotten them as complimentary options at every other airline. Definitely will not be flying condor again nor recommending it to anyone if this is what all of them are like.
I flew from Beijing to Moscow on a charter flight last month I was pleasantly surprised with the service and the joy of flying on a TU154M. I was in business class and found it to be just fine the entertainment was a tad basic but the food and cabin crew were lovely. I would have no hesitation of flying them again.
  Jakarta to Surabaya. I arrived 04.30am at Jakarta terminal 1 for my 05.55am to Surabaya. I went straight to check in area to finish the formalities which the line was quite ok at that time. I went straight to the gate and for some reason on the departure monitor my flight will depart at 06.10am. At 05.15 boarding commenced and I use bus to the aircraft which park all the way to the remote area in Terminal 2. Boarded the aircraft at 05.30 which and I sat at 1D. Flight attendant were very cheerful and smile a lot.  On board service was great for budget airline. Landed at SUB 30 mins behind schedule but I was quite happy since the FA apologise for the delay to each one of the passenger during disembarking.
  Ottawa to Saint John. We purchased tickets, costing over $1300 and due to a medical emergency we had to cancel our vacation. Porter Airlines did not refund our money, charged us a cancellation fee and gave us a credit that is basically unusable. Do not fly Porter Airlines
  Havana to Managua. The worst airline I have ever had misfortune to fly with. Initially I was booked to fly to San Jose from Havana on the 19th April but this flight was cancelled when I arrived at the airport. After being taken to a hotel back in Havana that was the last we heard from the airline  people had to make their own way to the Cubana office to sort out new flights. I opted to go to Managua on the 22nd as that was my eventual destination and would save a long bus journey  big mistake! Confusing communication about my pick up from my hotel meant I was taken to the airport 8 hours before my flight. I tried to get food vouchers but got nowhere with the staff  even trying to sort out food myself was impossible with the lack of facilities at Jose Marti. The time to board came and went  no one thought to come and let us know what was happening, eventually 3 hours after we were supposed to depart the flight was cancelled with the excuse that it was the weather  interestingly no other airline seemed to be affected by this phenomenon, even another Cubana flight seemed to be still leaving. It then took a further 2 and a half hours to sort out transport to a hotel back in the city. We did eventually leave on the 23rd but even that wasnt without hold ups and lack of information. I know sometimes things happen that are outside your control but the one thing that marked this experience was that no one from Cubana ever said the words Im sorry. Waiting for the bus after the cancelled Managua flight  staff would not look us in the eye when we asked for someone to come and sort out the situation  just told another 20 minutes go wait there. A lot of the frustration felt by the passengers on both flights could have been avoided if we had been given information on what was happening and treated as human beings rather than an inconvenience that needed to be passed on elsewhere. Ive flown on a lot of iffy airlines in the past but have never had such a bad experience as I had with this joke of an airline. Never again!
  This company nickel and dimes you for everything. Want a paper ticket? Theres a fee. Carryon? Fee. Checked bag? Fee. Sent your party together? Fee. A soda on the flight? Fee So not so budget once you start adding everything up. Flight out was delayed over an hour due to weather, poor communication from the airline. Flight home showed on time, then delayed by a half hour. Then an hour. Then 5 hours. Then flat out canceled. They offered us a $30 rebate for food for 2 people and $100 off a future flight. Zero assistance with canceling, rebooking, or even finding a hotel or anything. Left completely on our own and given a business card with a QR code on it to cancel instead of any sort of customer service. Airport staff was rude and unsympathetic. From talking to other customers this happens frequently. Will not use again.
  Paphos to Manchester. First class service by jet2 staff, my wife had wheelchair assistance. The staff were very helpful at all stages. Thus the second time we gave used the facility.
  Copenhagen to Vienna. I am very disappointed with LaudaMotion. Round trip 2 adults, 4 children. Online Check In did not work the app did not accept my passport number anyway, so the check in could not be completed. Checkin at the airport was then only possible with enormous additional costs! Airplane, especially the toilets, dirty. Im sure not going to travel with LaudaMotion anymore. Ich bin sehr enttuscht von LaudaMotion. Rundreise 2 Erwachsene, 4 Kinder. Online Check In funktionierte nicht die App akzeptierte warum auch immer??? meine Reisepassnummer nicht und so konnte der Check In nicht abgeschlossen werden. Checkin am Flughafen war dann nur mehr mit enormen Mehrkosten mglich! Flugzeug, vor allem die Toiletten, schmutzig. Werde mit Sicherheit nicht mehr mit LaudaMotion reisen. 
  Scoot lost my luggage. Im told they left it behind in Singapore where I was in transit for 4 hours was also told on arrival at Sydney airport that it would be on the next available flight and I would get it back within 2448 hours. Today is the 18th day since those assurances and promises were made I have received nothing but automated replies the first few days and zero response since. Frustrated at not being able to deal with a real person, I returned to the airport to chase up at the lost luggage counter after 7 days and I was told no, they never sent it back from Changi Airport. They said they would send a followup email to Singapore but if I wanted updates I would again have to call up their support line. And, as you guessed, their support line isnt manned, it drops out when you try to call, and my emails to their support inbox bounce back undeliverable because their inbox is full. 
I booked my ticket last minute and as it was so cheap I did not expect much with Royal Brunei Airlines. The Boeing 787 is spacious, comfortable seating and  inflight entertainment system is good. However, the selection of movies and tv programmes is limited, but  only a 6 hour flight. The food was ok but better than some airlines. The staff were very friendly and professional. I kind of expected a snack before landing or at least a cup of coffee or even the opportunity to purchase one. Overall, a good experience but basic. Royal Brunei Airlines had a very relaxed and chilled atmosphere in the cabin. 
  The very short flight was decent. The aircraft clean. When embarking there was a female member of the aircrew welcoming passengers on board  with a simple buon giorno and a smile. When embarking she greeted the passenger in front of me, and behind me  and ignored me. The other male crew members who were offering water and a biscuit and were collecting the rubbish were very courteous. When disembarking this same female member of the aircrew was stood at the exit and greeting passengers as they left. One more she greeted the passengers in front me and behind me and did not greet me. I believe that I am entitled to the same standard of treatment as the other passengers. I do not know the motivations for this particular member of the air crews omission towards me  however I do think they fall beneath the standards of her training and basic common courtesy.
  My flight has been cancelled due to COVID19 regulations. I insured the flight beforehand and asked for a refund. I received three blank, copypasted emails where it was clear nobody reads my requests, telling me I will get a travel voucher. After threatening the company with legal action, they agreed to pay me my money back within 90 days. 90 days a long while, isnt it! passed a week ago and my refund is nowhere to be seen.
  The worst flight experience in my life. Several times booked the flight flyone and in each case it was awful. With a huge delay, no excuses from the company employees. No reply email or phone.
  Flight time was changed 3 times and the last change was announced the night before our early morning flight from Jaipur to Dharamshala via Delhi. Originally leaving Jaipur at 625am, changed to 930am, then at the airport was delayed 2 hours. Because of this change, we missed our connecting flight from Delhi to Dharamshala. The staff at the airport just shrug, zero sympathy. They told us the next flight we can get on from Delhi to Dharamshala is 2 days later and we have to book our own airport hotel to stay 2 nights in Delhi while waiting for the next flight. No refund if we decided not to take the Delhi to Dharamshala flight. Nightmare!
  Mbeya to Dar es Salaam with fastjet. Arriving on Mbeya airport, already checked in and about 15 minutes before actually take off the flight is cancelled. Being the only flight coming in and flying out from Mbeya, the cancellation must be known much earlier, Anyway, Fastjet thank you for the service and missing the connection flight to Holland without refunding the damage.
 We took two different carriers on our flight to and from New Zealand so it was easy to compare and contrast the difference between air New Zealand and Cathay Pacific. The food on Air New Zealand was really poor with no variations across their meals and really unpalatable. They offered no vegetarian options  as we couldnt prebook our meal due to booking originally with a different carrier this was a problem we explained but we were met with a pretty unhelpful server. The entertainment options are limited, the main service person chief customer service officer or something like that was really unfriendly and unhelpful and spoke with robotic replies and really like constantly telling you what to do over the microphone. They charge premium prices but they deliver a budget service and budget food leading to a bad experience all round. Cathay Pacific are far better and treat you like a human.
 Check in at Koh Samui Airport was very quick. Flight boarded on time. At Koh Samui airport you are bused from the terminal in small open buses and as we were seated in row 18 boarded by rear steps of plane. Seat legroom was OK for this short flight. Plenty of space available for my wheelie case in the overhead locker. Flight departed on time. We were served a breakfast of yogurt, fruit and a chicken sandwich, the sandwich was very dry so only had one bite! Cup of tea actually tasted of tea, which is not often the case on flights. We arrived in Bangkok on time. Bangkok Airways may not do everything right but offer a good service for a good price.
  Hesitant to have booked with this airline due to some unfavorable reviews Ive read. And I can now confirm I will recommend TAAG. The Airbus and the Boeing were both clean, and had much more space than competitors. Food was served efficiently, and the drinks were provided in excess. The transfer in Angola was a bit of a challenge due to the language barrier, so make sure you listen to announcements and your watchful of movings. Inflight entertainment is limited to other competitors, but this wasnt a make or break for us. Everyone we made contact with in this trip were proud Africans, and after being in Europe for 6 weeks flying with TAAG was the most warming and welcoming experience.
  They are not that cheap to not even offer water to the passengers. I asked for a cup of water to take a pill and they gave me water from the sink. I couldnt believe they did that. Even the water is for purchase.  Also, they offer a wifi that doesnt really work. The only good thing about my flight was that we made it on time to LAX even though it was delayed for 30 mins the fly from Mexico City. I dont want to fly with this airline again.
  First time flying with Porter and what a nightmare. I landed in Ottawa at 1030am, flight was cancelled for 3.20pm and delayed until 9.45 due to mechanical issues. Waited until 9.45pm and was ready to board when that flight was cancelled as well for mechanical issues. They were not going to be able to fly me to my destination for 2 days. Booked with another flight and thank God Im getting home today.
21st March OB  28th March IB  BHX to SSH. Both flights were great paid £15 each for extra leg room both ways and what a difference for a 5 hour flight it makes. Both Aircraft were clean and the crew friendly yet professional. Flight deck informative on both sectors and departed on time and arrived early both ways. Only gripe was the checkin at Sharm it was slow and chaotic. But other than that two great flights Monarch have my business again for the future they are way ahead than Thomas Cook and Thomson.
  Seoul to Novosibirsk. Quite bad experience. The tickets are too overpriced according to what you get. Check in at Incheon airport was terrible. Only 2 counters were available for this flight, I had to wait for more than 1 hour and a half to just checkin. When I was done with checkin, there were only 30 minutes left before departure, but about half of the line was still there. Airlines representative said that the flight will be in time, so I have to run through customs, passport control and train to concourse. Finally the flight was delayed for more than 1 hour.  The flight takes more than 5 hours in tiny A320. OK, the plane is brand new but with really low and cheap options. No IFE at all, the food is too small and doesnt taste good. Flight attendants are not friendly. The restrooms were so dirty. After 2 hours of the flight there was no toilet paper or tissues left at all. Flight attendants didnt care at all. On the way back from OVB to ICN we had to walk to the plane on tarmac because the company didnt want to pay for a jet bridge. It was 22 degrees outside. The flight was exactly the same. No IFE, no service, dirty restroom but intime. No baggage is included to the ticket. Service and facilities are like in really cheap Asian low cost companies. You have to pay for everything including seat selection. The seats are just terrible for long flight. But the price is like for 5 start companies for the same flight duration. Will avoid this company for my future trips if possible. Not recommended if you have any other option.
  Worst experience ever, I have to cancel my reservation due a back injury that Im going to have surgery for. When I informed easyJet of this and asked for a credit voucher so that when I recover from my surgery and able to travel again I can use this to book a flight using the money that I paid for the flight that has to be cancelled. They offered me nothing and customer service was extremely rude and disrespectful. They made numerous lies and insulted me and basically told me to get lost and told me that they was not going to do anything. This is the thanks that I got for years of flying on easyJet.
  Flight adjusted 2 weeks before departure and moved 2.5 days, then canceled because they have no planes. Isnt that your core business? What lousy service and poor communication. You will never see me again and I know countless people who feel that way. Do you want to go on vacation? Then dont book with Transavia!
Adria Airways has the price of a regular airline, but the service of a low cost airline. All the beverages and food are for purchase. The seats are fine, staff is friendly. Since we usually travel very early in the morning or very late in the evening, we use the flight to rest. Every time we ask for a pillow, we get one. It might sound strange, but this is very important for us.
 Madrid to Tenerife Norte. The experience was of such a kind that next time I will take another company to reach Tenerife and very willing to do the transfer to North Tenerife by car to avoid Iberia Express by flying to South. Service is very basic no choice for the meal and it was fish  not pleasant for some people  lukewarm white wine and gin tonic out of a can premixed. FA aattitude could be best described as ok we have to serve you. One bag was missing and for the people handling at the airport, it seems nearly like a crime that I was not speaking Spanish. My bag was delivered a day later and I did not even start a claim to get the payment of some essential items like socks, and shaving items.
  Rude staff. We were asked to move because of the weight of the plane. We did to be accommodating. To our surprise we were placed in pretty much a closet size Space in the last row, no way to recline and no way to get any air. Not sure if it was broken but everyone around us was panicked, uncomfortable and fanning themselves furiously. The flight attendant was about as worthless as a box of rocks. Here and the other flight attendant spent the whole flight loudly gossiping with her rear end directly in my friends face sometimes resting it on her arm. No one cared, no sense of urgency. But hey, you get what you pay for right? 
 Never book and pay for emergencyextra legroom seats in Row 7 on the Airbus 321 aircraft. The seats have no extra legroom and they do not recline. So you pay 50 USD for an inferior seat to the normal free seats. Warning! The so called flagship lounge in Istanbul is like a cheap market foodhall and they only serve wine self service in hidden areas, it feels like they intentionally hide the wine. Service onboard the plane is fine but at airport IST you feel like you are a nuisance to the surly and moody staff. Not one smile or welcome in two hours connecting there.
 Well maintained aircraft with a crew desperate in need of basic service training. Totally dont understand how business travelers are about efficiency. Messed up my coat return and zero sense of urgency. Its a cultural issue.
Iran Air has very good inflight catering  the food is good quality and you have a choice of two entrees both hot meals. However there is a fleet of old Boeings which look like they should be retired and grounded soon and at 30000 feet you really start to think about things like that. Flight attendants are very friendly attentive helpful and courteous however they are also very casual when it comes to safety. They do not enforce safety rules as rigidly as Western or European carriers do and when I alerted one of them that someone had been smoking in one of the lavatories very dangerous  one of the many causes of cabin fires his answer was a mere really? and that was the end of it. Also passengers were leaving their personal belongings next to their seats where they were cluttering the aisles and one had to be careful not to trip over them and once again the crew members made no attempt to get them to stow their belongings in the overhead bins or underneath their seats. Inflight entertainment is generally a Persian movie with English subtitles and for those who do not speak or understand Farsi the small and fastmoving subtitles can cause your eyemuscles to work overtime. Another complaint I have is that the flight attendants made no attempt to remind those seated in the nonsmoking section to put their cigarettes out and being an asthma sufferer I had to remind three passengers in my vicinity that they were seated in the nonsmoking section. They did have the good grace of putting out their cigarettes but I did not like being in that position. That was the flight attendants job not mine. I would like to end my comments on a positive note however. Iran Air offers you the opportunity to fly for half of what Western carriers would charge you making travel to the Middle East easy and affordable. It also offers you the opportunity to experience Persian hospitality which is as old and ancient as Persia Iran itself. Crew members are delightfully pleasant and accomodating. Connections between Iran Air and other carriers serving European hubs are generally good and this particularly benefits expatriate Iranians living in the United States or Canada who wish to fly back to the old country on vacation with easy connections in Europe. For business travellers destined to other points in the region Iran Air is a good choice as it services most major airports in the Gulf and Middle East as well as some in Central Asia.
  Once in the ground in SFO, despite many assurances, there was no one to help me, and without assistance I was unable to make my connecting flight to Seattle. When I asked staff at SFO about this, they said Ill talk to my supervisor and did nothing. Just like they did when I touched down at SFO. The staff member helping me upon seeing I was upset, told me that I did it wrong. That he was at the baggage carrousel and that if Id have gotten help it might have been different. He told me the plane was on time. It landed on time then sat on the tarmac for ten minutes. Then no one helped me. He was exceedingly rude, and I told him if he couldnt help me he shouldnt have kept me waiting 30 minutes to tell me that. He flipped me off after yelling at me. 
  Take off on time and landing 20 minutes ahead of schedule. Flight attendants are nice and professional. The check in in Tenerife went OK but the boarding was a bit messy. There was some waiting time at the luggage delivery at Bordeaux Airport. But overall it was my first experience with Volotea and I am quite happy with it.
  Aberdeen to Rhodes. This flight was operated by TUIs sister airline Sunwing Airlines. The flight was included in a 2 week holiday on the island. The flight was full however, due to it being during the school year most passengers were older or couples without children. One thing I have to say is I was surprised with the service on this 4 hour 42 minute flight. The menu had a wide variety of options and was reasonably priced, but there was no option to preorder a meal like with Thomas Cook or Jet2. The 6 person cabin crew consisted of 5 cabin crew and the TUI Airways Aberdeen base Manager. The crew were friendly, chatty and there to help in the cabin. They made some jokes during announcements, which was great. The pilots were informative. My seat was 8F and offered 29 of seat pitch, and recline which was enough. The toilets were checked regularly and they were clean, but on the small side. The landing into Rhodes airport was smooth but the airport, that is a story for a different time. Overall I am impressed with the flight considering it was the first time I flew with TUI Airways. One thing I do have to say is TUI Airways is a rather expensive airline for scheduled flights. My flight would have came out at around £300 round trip for my dates of travel. TUI Airways is the perfect airline if you have booked a holiday with TUI, just like I did, otherwise there are definitely cheaper options.  I would recommend TUI Airways.
  The flight was smooth and service was great. I didnt take the food as I was had enjoyed lounge food prior to boarding. The entertainment system had new movies which I like even though its a short flight. I wish boarding was more organized where people boarded based on their rowszones because it can get chaotic.
  Ive wrangled for a year unsuccessfully with Sri Lankan Airlines for a refund of my parents and my flight on 17 May 2019, weeks after Colombos Easter 2019 terrorist attacks. On 28 and 30 Apr 2019 I called their hotline twice. The situation then was very uncertain after the blasts. Both times, I asked the personnel on the hotline if it was possible to cancel our 3 return SingaporeColombo tickets due to the blasts. I quoted our 3 booking reference numbers and our names. I was told both times by the personnel who answered that I could cancel our tickets immediately on the call but had to complete and submit the refund request on Sri Lankan Airlines website to get my refund. On my call on 30 Apr 2019 I told the lady to process the cancellations of our tickets. I submitted the online request using the webform but i did not get any confirmation email and I did not receive any refund. I called again to follow up and was told to email the airline. When I emailed I was initially told that my tickets were nonrefundable. When I asked why I was told twice when I called that our tickets could be cancelled and I could be refunded the airline emailed back stating Please be informed that the company has offered a full refund only for the flights which departs from 21st APR 15TH MAY 2019 and since your travelling dates are in 17th MAY, we regret to inform you that we are unable to offer a full refund. However we will be able to refund the unutilized taxes of the same, if you wish to proceed with the refund, please send us your confirmation for further assistance. I refused to accept just the tax and continued emailing them a few times. The customer service division eventually passed me to Customer Affairs Supervisor  who flatly pressed on denying a refund. On 13 May 2021 after months of frustration I finally told the airline to refund just the tax, stating that I reserved my rights to the airfare. They took awhile to reply, then finally told me that past one year of issuance of the ticket, even the refund of the tax portion was invalid! To this, I reasoned that tax was payable by the airline to the government. But if we didnt fly, the tax would not be paid and the fact that the ticket was issued a year ago could not bar me from receiving the amount of tax the airline collected from me. I have not heard back, but with the airlines outrageous stance so far, I am not hopeful. Sri Lankan Airlines may be going through tough times financially with the Easter blasts and now with Covid. Be extremely careful about believing anything they say about refunds. They are not paying me!
  Due to the delay of LH flight from Frankfurt to Amsterdam, I missed the Cathay Pacific connecting flight to Hong Kong. On the ground there was no service provided to me to rebook me to another flight or offer any remedy help to get me back to Hong Kong  Cathay Pacific was guilty too. After, I returned to HK, I contacted Lufthansa for compensation. Their reply was bad luck and the request for compensation was not entertained. Their reason was that the delay was less than 3 hours.
  London to Phuket via Chengdu. Awful. If you can, book with someone else. All the flights were late, the food is horrible and it did not change in the entire flight rice and chicken 247. But the main thing for me was that on my return, I got the dates wrong and i turned up a day late to my flight. This wad entirely my fault, but no one in the company could offer me a solution and they made me call their call centre in china, where they put me on hold for more than 20min international callimagine the cost. The staff was really rude, picked up the phone and said they would not put me in another flight even though the woman at the check in desk told me there was a lot of space in the next one and they wanted to charge me around 1000€. In the end I had to book another one with Singapore Airlines, faster and only 550€. Even though it was my fault to miss it, i know this happened to a few people and their company placed them on the next flight free of charge or for a fee. 
  This airline is the worst that I have experienced, I do not recommend it, it is the 3 time that my flight has been canceled this week without informing me, the customer service is lousy, they treat their customers lousy, they do not give me a solution, please do not fly with that airline. Esta aerolnea es lo peor que e experimentado no la recomiendo es la 3 vez q me cancela mi vuelo en esta semana sin informarme la atencin al cliente es psima tratan psimo a sus clientes no me dan una solucin por favor no vuelen con esa aerolnea
  Ive got my ticket from Accra to Banjul on July 19. When I got to the airport on the evening of July 20 to check in, the Arik office there told me that my flight had been cancelled. There was absolutely no notification ahead of time! They later changed my flight time to the same one two days later, which made me change my business plan including the hotel reservation and the pickup from the Banjul airport that night. Next day I asked my agent to go to their office again and she told that they refused five passengers from Accra just because the aircraft from Lagos was too small to contain more passengers. But why did they sell more tickets than the seats? It caused me a lot of trouble! Last time in May when I took the flight from Arik between Accra and Dakar, it delayed more that 3 hours! I will definitely exclude Arik from my business flight choice in West Africa from now on.
  Amsterdam to Boston via Manchester. If I could give negative stars I would. The airline kept us all waiting in line for 4 hours after canceling the flights. After my 4 hours in line I arrive at the front the lady on the phone lines tried to say they refunded my ticket and I dont exist. This is all after I checked in got boarding passes and received a seat number. Still waiting on them to learn how to rescheduled a flight.
 Durban to Lanseria. Every time I fly Kulula on a Friday evening the last flight is delayed! From 19.45 to 20.30 now. Which means I arrive home at midnight! If it was a one off I would understand, but its always a Friday delay on the last flight  absolutely unreliable. Kulula used to be the airline that was always on time. Service levels have dropped. I will definitely reconsider using Kulula in future.
Shanghai to HoChiMinh City. We were loaded onto the plane the door was closed and then we were informed we would have to wait an unknown amount of time. We sat in the plane for 2.5 hours before taking off. I have to fly Shanghai Air often and every flight I have taken in 2010 has been delayed  held for takeoff  late by hours.
  Paris to Montreal. Excellent. Brand new aircrafts. Very happy. One of the best airlines I have seen. Even their safety movie is different, fun and modern. I recommend highly this airline.
  I recently used Loganair and had the best experience flying with my daughter for her first time. The staff were very friendly and Matthew on board was amazing to me and my daughter, very friendly, he was a big part in my experience made it so easy for us and was so good with my daughter making her smile and laugh I couldnt thank him enough! We also met the pilots who were very friendly and made us laugh and at ease with us both. Just want to say once again a massive thank you to everyone at Loganair, will definitely be flying again with you!
 Vancouver to Beijing via Hong Kong. Hong Kong Airlines is the worst airline to book flights with because they regularly cancel their flights and do not care about what passengers have booked with them. I booked a flight in Sept of this year for travel in March and Hong Kong Airlines cancelled our flights to HK and Beijing right off costing me additional costs to make changes to our hotels. At the end, they offered me a full refund 3 months prior to departure when I had booked my flights 6 months prior, and their CS did not even bother to look up any other reasonable flight changes with other partner airlines to make my original arrival and departure dates work. I told them the reason I booked my flights in advance was to get the travel plans fully secured on exact dates and offering me a refund now would be useless as it would be impossible for me to find similar flights now. The CS did not seem to give a damn! Do not fly with them!
  Good business class seat for solo traveller and mostly friendly and productive crew on the way. On both legs of my flight, Oman Air forgot my vegetarian meal. While this can happen, the crew blamed me for this. And they did not do the least to provide me some alternative meals on this flight.  Also customer service only blamed me and ignored my complaint after that.
We took CityJet from London to Florence and back in early July. We thought the aircraft itself was lovely  clean and comfortable. The service both at the airport and onboard was excellent and efficient. I consider the quality of this airline equivalent to JetBlue  overall a very pleasant trip.
Open Skies cancelled my departure flight booked 3 months in advance without notifying me. I found out three days before departure when I tried to choose my seats on line. They only offered cancellation or a move of departure flight one day later no options earlier. Changing the return flight was not possible. Very inconvenient very disappointing.
Germanwings took over the service on Dusseldorf  Basel route from Lufthansa. I am a business traveller and normally book my flights 2 weeks in advance. I flew with Lufthansa for 1 year. Since Germanwings took over the average price of tickets has increased for me by  50. With Lufthansa prices were between 180300 euros with Germanwings there are almost never
Again Avior and disapointed but its the only carrier operating between Trinidad W.I. and Isla Margarita. They recently cancelled the operation of the old B732 except public Holidays and long weekends in Trinidad into a small 19 seater Turboprop Beech Aircraft. No washroom on this Aircraft and no FAs. The only safety instruction was a lousy tape in Spanish. Only English speaking Trinis on board. Return flight we were told that the flight is delayed from 9am to 12noon maybe because of technical problems in Barcelona Venezuela. Actually the flight came in 2PM and after again 2 hrs we were able to board the flight. The ground staff from Avior was helpful and organized for other passenger to get baggage in the terminal to feed small children and change clothes. We arrived safe back in Trinidad but still worries about the standard and safety of this airline.
 This is a scam. A bunch of crooks. They gave me a rebooked flight and didnt even ask me if I am willing to take it. Called customer service and waited for 2 hours without someone answering my call at all. I paid for another flight and they still ask me to pay for a carry on bag. Im never gonna take this airline ever again
Short hop from BWI to PHL as part of a long haul connection from PHLDOHKUL. What a dreadful airline! From beginning to end, it was such a hassle for a 25 minute flight. At BWI, they insisted that you check in at a kiosk to obtain a boarding pass prior to check in. Despite telling them it was an international flight with a transfer connection and one party was on a wheelchair, they still insisted. The kiosk rejected my attempts, wasting about 20 minutes of my time. At check in, the staff were rude and insisted that my bags were over the weight limit despite travelling in on a business class ticket. Finally, she relented, printed off my boarding pass only to have it rejected by the TSA agent as the bar code was not printed properly. Then there was no one to push the wheelchair for my travelling partner so I took it upon myself to do so as they were closing the flight. I was told off by the check in agent for not arriving earlier but I pointed out that we had been there on time but wasted 20 minutes at the kiosk and another 20 minutes queuing to check in. On the short flight, there was no beverage service but that is a small matter. On the whole, I will do everything possible to avoid US Air in the future. Ground services were appalling.
  The online system reserves the ticket but needs me to talk to customer service for confirmation. I have been trying to talk to customer service from last 5 days via phone and chat but the employees are incompetent and unable to process my refund or change my flight with available flight credits. I am so fed up and just want a full refund if they cant rebook our flights.
  Terrible airline. We found out our flight was delayed 9hours exactly 1.5 hours before takeoff. When we went to contact customer service, we were on the phone for 3 hours and no one responded. They gave me a voucher for this trip since we wound up having to fly on a different more reliable airline. When I went to use the voucher, it wouldnt work and I contacted customer service with no response for 2 weeks. I contacted them again and they told me my voucher had been voided. They would not even hear my side of the story and responded with this is the last time we will reply in regards to this matter. I cant believe this airline treats their customers like this. Im out 200$ now not including the price of the new flight, food, books, etc we had to buy while waiting at the airport.
  We planned a trip to include 4 days in Buenos Aires, arrived from Patagonia at 5am for our flight on Sky Airlines that was supposed to leave at 7am to make the most of every minute only to find out Sky Airline was on strike. Lost over 6 hours trying to get someone to handle our situation watching everyone be placed on different flights, run from one end of the airport to the other and have to come back because the airlines had not been paid by Sky Airlines. We were finally sent to Buenos Aires losing half of our first day there, coming back on Aerolineas Argentinas who charged me for the second piece of luggage because Santiago is not considered international. Had to come back on a flight 3 hours earlier than we wanted. Tried to claim the money I should have never been charged, was given an email address and its been over 2 weeks and have not heard back from anyone.
  New York JFK to San Francisco. We boarded on time and after seated were told that strong headwinds meant the plane did not have enough fuel to fly direct to San Francisco, so we have to fly to Salt Lake City instead. Then we spent about an hour on the ground before departing for Salt Lake City. Inflight food ordering system showed limited availability of snacks and no special cocktails. I have not flown Virgin America for years so not sure how long ago they discontinued that gimmick. Cabin crew seemed on edge.  Flight landed at Salt Lake City, refueled, waited, then departed for SFO and arrived more than 2 hours late  at 1230 am. Cabin crew distributed what was left of beverages on second leg of flight. Passengers were worn out and irritated. No offer was provided.  Aircraft on this route and leg from SFOJFK were worn out and no longer look modern.
  Zero notice for cancelled flights! We found out our flight from San Jose to Drake bay was cancelled when we got to the airport. We then called to see if our flight in 5 days from drake bay to la fortuna was still operating. That was cancelled as well. Again, no notice!!
  American Airlines is one of the worst companies I have had experiences with that Ive ever had. They delayed my flight to Europe, causing me to miss my connecting flight. I am understanding that things happen sometimes but the way they handled it was unacceptable. I was traveling with my entire family and small child and they totally displaced us causing a domino effect of chaos for our travels to a foreign country that we have planned for 10 years. It was very unprofessional way that they handled the situation, and they were just dumped me off to the next supervisor who would then dump me off to another supervisor. Youre unwilling to give me any type of compensation for the chaos that they created and thats just unreasonable in my opinion and unprofessional in business. If you and your family like getting treated like trash, then I would highly recommend them but if you dont, I would runforthehills.
  We were upgraded to Business Class which was a lovely surprise. The staff were exceptional, food and drinks were top class and served with smiles and lots of laughter. As my sister and I needed wheelchairs the staff made sure we were treated like royalty. We will never forget the kindness that was shown to us.  I highly recommend using this airline for your next flight and discover service beyond anything you have experienced before. 
 Los Angeles to Cancun. I got into an argument with the customer service lady who was in charge of baggage control for losing my luggage during my flight and said that I would have to drive back to the airport to pick it up. I didnt understand why was this my responsibility to pick it up. The refund or change process is difficult. I called to change my flight and wanted to charge me $450 dollars more. No help from anyone. The guy on the phone pretty much told me that I have two choices  either lose out on the money $357 or change the flight and pay an additional $450 for a one way ticket.
 The worst of the worst airlines I have ever had the displeasure of traveling with. It seems like a good inexpensive deal at first. They nickel and dime you for everything. This is the second and last time I will fall for them. The first flight out was a disaster with an arrival 2 days late! This was the return trip that is equally as awful. My son arrived an hour early to catch his flight. He has 3 bags that according to their scales was 2 lbs over. They were all 1lb under when we weighed them at home. He took out a jacket from one and some books from the others and made weight. Then had to wait for the agent to call him back. By the time the agent was ready to help him, he said that the system wont allow it bc now its 45 minutes until the flight. Had the agent checked him just 1 minute sooner, he would have been able to board. Now we have to pay an extra $99 fee to rebook him 5 days later. There is literally zero customer service! Any complaints or changes or help needed all has to be done online, which means you get zero help! A human cannot help you. 
  Horrible checkin experience  the reservation code provided for the airline did not function on the Vueling airline website  trying to call customer service was useless no combination of answer on the machine could get to an agent, just basic useless information. Trying to use the internet chatbot was even worse. Finally, even the link sent to the phone did not work. To be avoided! 
  Tenerife to Stansted. We have no issues with the flight or crew on the flight both were brilliant. However, we did find one of the reps at the hotel Hard Rock Tenerife on Saturday 7th December who, was handling the luggage transfers I found not in keeping with good. Customer Service. I thought we had booked the whole package via Jet 2 but, it appeared that I had booked through Expedia so not able to use this service even though flying with Jet2.com. Her colleague was helpful and friendly and explained the situation but the rep was quite rude, not verbally but, when looking on the paperwork and seeing I had booked through Expedia she quickly walked over to her colleague who was on the phone to the office and pointed at the fact it was booked through Expedia and pulled a face.  We were planning on bringing our family back sometime next year but will now look at different companies.
  I tried to fly business class from TelAviv to Brussels on Brussels Airlines. I passed security and customs and took a seat at the Dan Loune. At boarding time I went to the gate and boarded the airplane. There I found out that there was already someone sitting in my chair which was strange. After reporting to the stewardess we found out that I misbooked my ticket. Never happened, but this time it did. As it was a nightflight I should have booked on the day of arrival, not a day before. Even though there were still seats left I was not allowed to fly and was escorted from the plane. From that point nobody of Brussels Airlines did anything. Middle of the night, left alone, no rebooking, no nothing. Only comments your flight has left, your problem, goodbye. Let me be clear I passed all security, customs, lounge and final boarding with a passed ticket! If anyone would have noticed I could have rebooked on the spot as I had a flexible business ticket! Brussels Airlines did not care about anything. Just kicked off the plane and left alone. Up to now nobody of Brussels Airlines has responded to my filed complaint. Calling is no use, they only state just wait our response to your claim. I fly over 20 times per year but such a handling has never occurred to me. I know the booking error is on my side, but shame on Brussels Airlines in every way. I will never, ever fly them again.
  Bucharest to Lyon. Ive been flyong woth Blue air for over 5 years because i dont have any alternative, other companies dont operate my route. Unfortunately, Blue Air are not good and my biggest complaint is the fact that they are never on time. In over five years, I have never been on time with them, its disgusting. Also, they call themselves lowcost but they have the same prices as a national airline. If i had other options I would definitely try them.
 I really dont know how or why they got these terrible reviews, I fly domestically in the US on mostly discount airlines and have not flown to Europe since the commies ran the show. I hate to spend more than I have to and I got a great price, then my wife read these reviews the day before we left and terrified both of us. Here is what I experienced. Wonderful, friendly and attentive staff. As soon as we were up flying, they were on their feet getting drinks, towels, ear buds, and food service going. Also came through the cabin several times with water and snacks. I paid the extra $75 for the bulkhead seats, worth every penny. I stand 63 and weigh close to 300lbs. They could have been wider, but due to the bulkhead, that had to have the hard, not movable dividers. The space was sufficient. Food was pretty good, this is an airplane, not Mortons steakhouse. Some peoples expectations are ridiculous. Helpful staff jumped to clean, pick up, wipe down and help passengers at every turn, even saw one flight attendant sit down and chat with a young child while her mother was in the restroom. When mom was out, she was back on her feet working. The plan was spotless, with pillows and blankets neatly placed, it was a fairly new plane, left on time, arrived on time. Down side, No WiFi, with no explanation, Movie and TV selection was mediocre at best BUT it is 2023, so download what you want to watch and you will be fine.
VIEFRA quick online check in. Tidy cabin very friendly FAs who were busy but still had time for a short chat with the passengers. Free news papers and magazines. Free soft drinks and coffee plus a fresh sandwich. Even some gifts for children were handed by FAs. This combined with a fair price is all what a regular passenger needs. Small minuses  hard seats medium leg room and transfer by bus instead of airlink. Still much better than any other budget airline.
  Paris Orly to Newark. This was the worst flight I have ever taken including domestic and international. The seats were broken with absolutely no space and this was an 8 hour flight. The crew were rude and had no knowledge of the plane. Water was €3 and blankets were €5. We booked through Norwegian and had no idea until got on plane that we werent flying Norwegian. The food was inedible. We had flown the last 3 weeks in 5 different airlines and had not experienced anything like this.
I have flown on Air Nostrum for the first time on a quick 1hr 40min flight from T4 Madrid Barajas airport to Marrakesh airport. It was a smooth and well organised operation. I had not flown on a CRJ1000 and discovered it is a very pleasant and smooth aircraft with the value added of no middle seats as it is a 22 configuration. Interestingly enough it appears that this subsidiary of Iberia is able to carry out a better, friendlier service and have nicer uniforms than its parent company. The flight was good, service was good, the communication from the pilot and stewardesses was good. The only thing that was not good not the airlines fault by the way were the screeching children that some parents were unable nor interested to control, who managed to run riot around the plane and disturb pretty much everyone in the flight, to the point that one of the flight attendants had to go around with the youngest element and ask passengers who it belonged to shortly before landing as the parents were clearly not too interested in the safety of their own child.
  The best airline in Europe, professional cabin crew, comfortable seats and excellent service. It was a pleasure to fly with you. Keep up the good work and wishing you all the success.
  Fly from Brisbane to Port Moresby with Air Nuigini in Economy class today. Leg room in economy was a pleasant surprise! Food was first class. Cabin crew were very friendly  helpful. Lets be honest, noone really likes flying economy, but its so much cheaper than Business Class! But over all, I thought the trip was excellent! The only 2 negatives I have are 1 Only 3 check in staff to book in a plane load of people. There were 2 customer service staff working, well one was working  the other was surfing the web 2 Excess baggage charges. You get a 30kg limit in Economy, but if you go over that they charge $21.00 per kilo.
  I have connecting flight from DXBMNLRXS. The flight was delayed for more than 2 hours. When i reached to domestic flight transfer Helpdesk one of the staff took my bagage and I go directly to departure entrance to get in on the flight to Roxas. When i reached Roxas my baggage was left behind on the airport, and they are saying i will get my luggage by the next day but till now they said my luggage is missing in manila airport.. Till now i didnt get yet my baggage.
  My son flew today as an unaccompanied minor with Norwegian from Copenhagen to Dublin. It was his first time to do it and it went amazingly well. From our first encounter with Pernille at the check in desk I knew he was in safe hands. She was very kind, efficient and a great representative for the airline. 1010 for a brilliant service. Thank you.
  BangkokSingapore flight delayed by one hour without any information or explanation from ground staff or the crew. Boarding messy and disorganised with no respected priorities. Aircraft cramped and dirty despite being a brand new A321 Neo. Very loud music played during most of the flight for no reason. No safety presentation was performed by the crew. Wifi advertised but dysfunctional during the whole flight. A meal is offered for passengers connecting on Singapore Airlines flights but it was inedible and the crew never came to collect them until just before landing. How this airline can be part of the Singapore Airlines group is a real mystery.
  On the 20th Oct I was checked in by ground staff, who was rude and uneducated about the updated vaccine policy for Hong Kong residents, for whom we dont need any vaccination proof to fly to Hong Kong, other than a health declaration of the negative RAT test result and a HK health department QR code for flight. But when confronted, this staff joined his supervisor together to claim that they confirm they wont be allowed to process issuing my connecting flight TG638 from Bangkok to Hong Kong, unless I have a HK vaccination proof record. So they only issue the HKTBKK ticket and insist I can confront with the ground staff at Bangkok if I am allowed to board my connecting flight in BKK just one hour 5 minutes connecting time there. I got stranded in BKK due to the lack of this connecting flight boarding pass. When confronted at BKK Thai Airways ticket office, it took me some time to argue with the Manager of the Thai Smile Phuket Ground Staff to confirm it was their mistake and lack of updated information and following up. At last, I wasted another 6 hours in BKK and took another airline back home.
JFK to CDG return on XL Airways last week. Was a little nervous after the reviews I had read but it was a very good experience. Got to JFK 2.5 hrs early just to be safe and had about a 15 minute wait at checkin. The staff was very courteous and the checkin process was very easy. The plane was a new A330 which was quite nice. The seats were narrow but nicely appointed with blue leather. My wife and I managed to get 3 seats to ourselves which made the redeye a more pleasant experience. Attendants were very nice and the plane took off right on time. They showed 2 movies in French with English subtitles. It made the cabin quite bright so I would have brought an eye mask to help me sleep. We were fed a breakfast an hour before landing and arrived right on time. Luggage came out quickly. On the way back the plane was not as full and at checkin we were able to get and aisle and window seat with the middle blocked out. Which made for another comfortable flight. All in all it was a very good experience. It definitely is a step below most carriers in terms of amenities but the plane was clean new and the staff very helpful. And we saved $500 per ticket for a direct flight.
 Awful. Impossible to check in online. 20 min minimum to get customer service on the line. Chat only available weekdays during regular working hours. Flight was 2 hours late on departure. Only 2 movies were free. You need to pay to have access to the rest. Condor rescheduled my second flight thinking I would not make it due to the 2 hours delay  without any notice. I run to get to flight 2, only to learn that my seat has been cancelled and moved to the next flight which is 4 hours later. Lufthansa calls Condor to ask for the ticket to be reinstated so I can take the flight as I was supposed to, Condor refuses  without any explanation. Waste of time and money. Never travelled in such poor conditions and frustration.
  Ponta Delgada to Toronto. The worse flight and airline I have taken in my extensive 43 years of extensive travel. A 2 hour delay became almost a 6 hour delay in total between issues with crew, boarding, gate availability and more. The food was horrible, the crew were rude and the experience was terrible. On top of everything we are still on the plane after landing 45 minutes ago as we taxiing from gate to gate being told that there are issues on our way to our 3rd gate now. I dont understand how an airline can be so poorly run and how they coordinate so poorly with its crew. I dont blame SATA for the gate issues thank you Pearson airport but everything else has been their fault. Its 2019, all other airlines are doing better than you. Glad theres more competition to the Azores. Stay away from SATA
Flew to Cologne from LHR  return flight had to be diverted back to Cologne due to technical difficulties  over 2 hours after the original departure time we were told to embark after which having endured a 15 minute wait on an unmanned bus in minus 6 degrees we were told the replacement flight was delayed for catering to be loaded. Eventually left 3 hrs 15 mins late. Promised complaint forms never materialised. Will avoid this airline in future at all costs and at £327 for 2 hardly a budget price.
  Really disappointed and upset. Me and my husband went to our honey moon. Until coming to the airport when a few moments earlier since we kept on getting a lm error on our check in. We waiting for a customer server and  no one was there. Then we asked some other customer serve that worked their if they can find us some from the silver airways. The airplane is boarding at this point and they tell us we cant board as we late, when they was a guy who had his pass was able to leave and we tried to explain that we were unable to check in. So now we had to buy new tickets and we lost ticket from Puerto Rico to Seattle. Thats a 1,000 down the drain and they didnt care. When we still had 35 min until boarding. So no me we not only wasted a day  now we have to stay the night at a hotel and so much other little things. When this was able to be avoided if they let us board when we had 35 mins more left when their websites was giving us an error. Everything was horrible they didnt care whatsoever. The fact that no one is even at the desk. We wouldve made it according to them if we came 15 min earlier when we did and no one was their so we went and asked around. And even then we still had 35 min and they said they cant do anything about it.
  Stansted to Naples. Another return trip with Jet2.com. Pretty punctual, friendly crew and slightly uncomfortable seating. Nothing special to report, no complaints.
TPEKHH one way. Plane full but staff friendly on time and no complaints. A bargain considering the onehour flight was only about USD 36.
My wife and I recently travelled on Rossiya from Istanbul to St Petersburg. The aircraft was a second hand A320 which had been bought from a Spanish charter operator. It seemed nosier than other A320s we had been on and was about 20 yrs old. It was clean and tidy. Seat pitch was unbelievable we were squeezed in like sardines and the seats were like rocks. Food and service ok and we arrived on time.
 Disappointed with the flagship airlines of a country. The aircraft is very small and seats are not comfortable. Food on the flights are also not very good. Long and messy check in process
 Easily the worst experience I have ever had. As a seasoned traveller Id thought Id experienced it all. Eastern Airlines is beyond incompetent. Absolute disastrous experience, which will never be repeated and I hope to inform others not to take the risk.
 Chicago to Mexico City. My wife booked a flight to leave at 3 pm with our 1 year old  about 25 hours before, they emailed us that they switched the flight to a different one at 1 am in the morning for no reason. We called customer service, waited on hold for around 3 hours to be told that they were not going to do anything about it. She basically has to accept the new flight or not go. Could not believe it. Absolutely terrible customer service. How can you do that to a person? Terrible company  you cant treat people like that!
 Bad customer service, they just dont care. Let you wait for 3 hours on the phone and do not assist at all. Not customer friendly. I would choose any other airline, but never Ryanair anymore.
Flight Subang to Penang on 20th April was on time and crew were friendly even though flight was full. The last flight I took before this departed early in the morning and it was a rush about 67 flights departing with around 5 mins gap. The airport needs to add more gates and improve signage to the aircraft. Firefly staff did the best they could and even managed a quick smile. The latest flight took place mid morning and it was not as hectic on departure as the early morning one. Departure from Penang was ok gate was far from the counters and one level down but the aircraft is right in front of the gate! If you are travelling exPenang dont go to the gate too early as there is absolutely nothing down there. Prices seem to be lower than before. I remember thinking that the fares were high when I flew them last year but the last few trips were around the $100 ringgit not USD mark which is OK.
  We consistently use Cape Air to travel from Bos to MV. However over the years the service has significantly declined. More often we see rude employees, and and unreliable service. Flights almost never depart on time and are almost always rescheduled. We are normally flexible and can roll it, and are happy to! However we are seeing more often that a reschedule occurs less than 30 days in advance, and leaves us empty handed as our new scheduled time departs before our connecting flights even arrives. This is just standard with Cape Air now a days. 
  I actually cannot review the flight because I did have to cancel my ticket but I had such an amazing experience with their customer service I had to review them. Also I immediately booked a new flight through them so I can update this next month when I do fly.  I am not sure if this is the best airline or I was given special treatment because of my situation. Although, this must happen to people all the time. The trip I was planning for a year was ripped away from me the weekend before I leave. I was devastated. Asiana really tried to work with us to change our plans but still leave the same time we were supposed to although that fell through to, you need a permit for specific medications long story short I had to cancel all together. They say refunds take 24 weeks and I needed the money to book new tickets so I was really hoping it would come in two weeks but it came in 1! They were just nothing but nice and helpful. No crazy fees or anything. I truly love this airline! I felt the really cared for me or at least about my experience with them.
  I had a direct flight from Adelaide to KUL with Malaysian airline. For checkin the staff had a rude and impolite behavior with us.  When I was in Malaysia I saw that all cabin crew and staff were very nice and friendly. But in Adelaide the staff that did the check in was very impolite and she also fined me more than 2 hundred AUD without any reasonable reason. She knew that we are in rash so she did not care our request and she just want to fined us. I think a bad behavior from a staff can affect the popularity of an airline and I have never forgotten this behavior.
  Flew Mendoza to Aeroparque with Aerolineas. Our flight left on time and on a brandnew and very clean airplane. The flight attendants were friendly and the flight uneventful. Only nonalcoholic beverages are served for free which was ok given fair price we paid for the tickets. I would recommend them.
 Very poor service and communication. First they advised that the flight will be delayed by 1 hour. Later they made us board the aircraft and kept us waiting locked up in the plane for another 3 hours. Big delays in the bus transporting us from the terminal to the aircraft. Not a single apology from the airline officials after they made us disembark from the first aircraft and transported us back to the terminal and got us to board a 2nd aircraft. Total delays 6 hours without food. Worst ever experience.
  I booked a fight on Lufthansa Groups low cost airline Eurowings as I wanted to see if there is a large difference to the main carrier of the group. The ticket price was substantially lower than for the same route BERCTA which flew a week earlier. Staff are extremely friendly and efficient. The boarding process was orderly and efficient. I booked a seat with more legroom for a few Euros and was surprised how much of a difference this made. There was small bottle of water handed out for free. Food was not available for free but for a rather high price. BTW Lounge access on Eurowings flights is only available for passengers with Lufthansas own status. MM Gold membership given out by partner airlines will not be accepted. Miles will also only be credited into LH Miles and More accounts.
  The checking agents, and the TSA screening agent suggested that the flight might be delayed. When I got to the gate, I asked them and I was immediately met by hostility from two women who were manning the counter. They stated that would be no delay, but here we are now, about one hour delayed. Everyone knew in advance, but they failed to disclose it, and I called him out on it and they got extremely hostile towards me. I will never fly these people again.
  Bogot to Santa Marta. This is the worst airline I have ever flown, their customer service is so poor and bad I have not words. They will charge even for a check in, their web site is trash, couldnt use the check in and they blame me for it. They  broke one of my suitcases and they said they are not responsible for any damage. I am so upset.
  Not that much leg room. If you are over 180cm tall, you will be bashing your kneecaps, but otherwise, the seat is pretty comfortable. The services from the cabin crew were friendly and efficient. Due to Covid restrictions, no snack was served on this flight. There is no screen in the seats, so you must supply your own inflight entertainment. Would definitely use the airline again, as their routes are handy and they were punctual.
BCNTUNBCN on Economy. Flight was punctual on both legs. The plane was a relatively old Airbus 320. Cabin announcements in Spanish Arabic and French. A full meal was served in the outbound flight and a breakfast on the return flight which were very tasty. Staff didnt seem to be very motivated but were efficient in all cases.
My third flight on IX from Dubai to Cochin and quite possibly my last. It appears that there is no cabin maintenance at all. Most seat cushions badly soiled  as if the plane had been used to carry livestock. No paper or cloth covers for the head rests. Carpet in a filthy and lamentable state throughout the cabin. At first I thought the window I was sitting next to was covered in a layer of condensation. I then found out it was a film of grease and grime with the window frame covered in a brownish substance containing lots of human hair.
  Just flew in from Istanbul to Athens on the way to London. The first leg was fine, however this review is about flight A3608 on July 8th 2022 from Athens to London. It seems to have become a habit by airlines to force hand luggage to be checked in which is an annoyance for anyone who is familiar with the wait this results in at Heathrow. The crew are nice and friendly and apart from a minor delay, the flight was on time. I specifically asked for a window seat and was placed in position 28A. Its only when I got on that I realized this seat is on the emergency door and this aircraft type does not support a window on this position. 
 The pathetic service. Flight was delayed 4 times. No one is there to take responsibility or to answer. People dont know whom to ask because no single staff is there to attend. Extremely irritated
I booked a US Airways flight through Expedia and noticed I had not been assigned a seat. I called to get a seat assignment and was told that I could not be preassigned a seat among the seats remaining, unless I paid a fee. This is outrageous. I have already paid for a ticket. They have to give me a seat. So why cant I call and choose among the remaining seats. I was told it would not be fair to other passengers, but that doesnt make sense. Other passengers could call ahead, too, if they wished. US Airways just wants an excuse to charge people extra for seats they have already paid for. That is what is unfair. From now on I will look carefully and only book flights on airlines that preassign seats or allow one to choose seats when they book, a choice US Airways does not give passengers who book on Expedia. This is an unpleasant surprise to passengers who would like to sit with their spouse or other traveling companion. On top of this, the phone representative was rude.
  The first 10 rows of economy during the booking process. This was available after check in opened. Check in at Honolulu was quick and easy. One annoying thing is that they call their secondlowest frequent flier tier Gold which confuses me because I am Star Alliance gold, and some of the gate agents directed me to the wrong line for boarding, and almost tagged my luggage with lower priority. They directed passengers at Honolulu to use the United Club, but I decided to detour to the other side of the airport and use the ANA lounge. Boarding was orderly, and I was given a warm welcome on all flights. Asiana also hands out slippers and a toothbrush kit on their long haul flights. The legroom at 33 was great, but the pictures online showed that they have footrests on the 777, but on both of my flights, they did not. The A380 had footrests installed, which added greatly to the comfort. The seats were a bit solid, but not too bad. Food onboard was excellent, on the Honolulu to Seoul flight, there was a full lunch after takeoff, a ham and cheese sandwich halfway through the flight, and another full hot meal prior to landing. The Seoul to Bangkok flight left quite late, and dinner was served, and I had the Bibimbap. The presentation was exceptional for this dish, the bowl was made out of fine bone China. All food served was absolutely delicious. The only two criticisms I have would be that they should serve meals with a bottle of water, and the cups for drinks are tiny. The service from the flight attendants was absolutely faultless. They were all genuinely nice and friendly, and were all highly professional. There was a small language barrier when the flight attendant didnt understand my request for a bloody mary  she bought me half a glass full of vodka and another full glass of tomato juice. The entertainment selection had nothing I wanted to watch. Asiana Business class lounge in Seoul isnt too bad, there is a selection of hot food, salad, instant noodles and a bar area. I was slightly disappointed that there wasnt any sweet pastries or cakes offered, there were croissants, sliced bread and rolls but nothing sweet. The rest of the lounge is pretty good, a good choice of seating, an abundance of power outlets and clean bathrooms, but the only thing missing is Wifi but Incheon Airport has some of the fastest free wifi so I just used that instead. Asiana Airlines has a good offering, but I would say they have room to improve, especially since the improvements are just some minor things such as providing napkins and water bottles to passengers.
  We bought our Maun to Johannesburg in october. At this time the flight departure were at 150pm landing in Joburg at 4pm giving us 3h35 to catch our flight for Europe. 3 weeks before our departure I received a notification about this flight. It has been delayed to 3pm and will land in Joburg at 6pm. Leaving us with 1h35 to catch our flight in Joburg. Quite difficult to do but doable. I wrote to customer service to ask them if it will be ok to have such a short transit time in Joburg, but they never answered me. When we arrived in Maun, we told the Air Botswana representative that we had to register on our flight to Europe because we will not have time to do it. They told us that they will try to. 30 min before departure, we learned by Canadian tourists that the flight had been delayed to 5pm. We ask Air Botswana to book us on another flight for Europe. After long minutes on their back they told us that we were booked on Virgin Atlantic instead of Swiss. It was ok for us even if the transit time would be short 1h20. We only wanted to be in Paris the next morning, so making a stop in Zurich or London wasnt an issue for us. During the flight we asked flight attendants that we will have a short transit time in Joburg and to organize something to make sure we catch our virgin Atlantic flight. We had to ask twice because we made a stop in Gaborone and flight attendants changed. When we arrived a van was there to drive us to the virgin atlantic terminal. Everything seems fine right? Well when we wanted to check in on Virgin Atlantic, the attendants told us that my ticket could not be emitted, leaving my wife alone. No one at Air Botswana told us that there was a problem with the ticket. Due to their incompetence, we had to sleep at the airport hotel. No one form air Botswana helped us for the room booking, Bid airservices employees were the best, they did the hotel room booking for us on behalf of Air Botswana. The next day, we had to stand in front of Air Botswana counter from 10am to 3pm in order to have our ticket to Paris. The manager were unbearable and supercilious. They lied to us numerous time, we had to put pressure on them to have some information about the situation. Note that we booked the whole trip Maun to Paris they had to pay for the rest of our journey air france ticket were 2500 $ per person in premium economy, economy was fully booked. We were with Canadian tourists who didnt book the whole trip and they had to buy again Johannesburg  Montreal ticket something like 3000 $. This was the worst travel experience of my life. And during Air Botswana flight you cant use your smartphone even if its in airplane mode, and there is no entertainment proposed.
  Rarotonga to Auckland. We were due to Fly out of Rarotonga on Tuesday 23rd May at 5.40 am. Aircraft left early with no notification. We had to arrange for emergency accommodation at our cost, plus car, plus meals. All communication was to Australia at our cost. Next flight was 2 days later. Extremely disappointed with Jet stars attitude. No apology. Will not use this airline again.
  This is a company that wants to appear cheap but in reality it is very expensive, because it uses other ways to increase the price of the ticket. I paid for a small hand luggage of dimensions 40x25x15, 45 Euro. The Eurowings page where I bought the ticket did not say I had to pay for this 3.5kg hand luggage. At the airport where I went to travel and pay, otherwise I had to travel without my hand luggage and without caring if I had money.
  This was by far the worst experience I had with traveling. My flight from Indianapolis was delayed for 30 min but was still on time to get to the connection in ATL. The connection flight was delayed as well for about 1h, then finally we boarded the connection flight. The pilot then told us that there is something wrong with the engine that they would attempt to resolve the issue. About 45min later the pilot told us that we will be asked to deplane as this issue would not be resolved today. He also said that he had been flying for 16 hours straight and would not be able to take us to our destination even if they found another plane. The customer service line was extremely long and after 1h30 AM wait, an employee told us that unfortunately there was no more voucher for hotels. At the same moment we all start receiving rebooked flights notices for 930pm, so we were to stay at the airport for 20h. When I spoke to the staff they were very dismissive. I informed them that i have a hip issue and could not sit or stand for so long but they told me to go find myself a hotel and maybe Delta would refund me $100 of it. I asked that they get me my luggage back because i needed to take my blood pressure medication but they said i would have to wait until it arrives in MD. I bought a ticket with Southwest for $200 and was able to get home. Delta is only offering to refund the part of their flight that i did not use, but i paid more last minute with Southwest to get home. 
  Flew Amsterdam Schiphol to Marseille via Strasbourg. Hop! has good service and comfort levels for a regional airliner. Their inflight announcements in English need some work though. On my flights I was on an Embrear 145, which has an odd seating arrangement of 12. The seats were comfortable, and not cramped. The flights were staffed by a single cabin manager, but they handled the job of getting everyone onboard, and serving a complementary drink with a snack on each leg well. Their inflight announcements in English were completely incomprehensible however, as were the recorded announcements in English as well. Since I dont speak French, I just hope they werent telling me anything important. On one leg of my flight there was a brief delay, but this was communicated in a timely manner.
  Singapore to Manado. Both flights are on reasonably new Boeing 737800. Crews are great and nothing is too troublesome for them. I ordered the meals from Alltime favorite menu in advance and are very satisfied with quality and quantity on both flight. Toilet are kept clean and dry at all time and I believe that it was clean after every usage. Lounge in Manado has changed to Concordia lounge which is fantastic comparing to Bunaken lounge in my previous journey. Outgoing flight show quiet comedy on the screen, while the returning flight provide iPad to everyone as they want to keep cabin dark for passengers who choose to sleep. Some negative point is that seat in the 737 seemed to have less seat pitch, less recline and less comfortable than their A320 fleet, and the aircraft of my returning flight is not properly cleaned. There are a lot of black dust on air condition vent, crevices and even on overhead monitor.
 Ashgabat to Birmingham. Absolutely awful! Cabin crew disinterested and surly, I would hate to see them have to perform in an emergency situation. Aircraft grubby with the crew unable to work the inflight entertainment. No real attention to the safety briefing. Crew smoking in the toilets and cockpit door wedged open for a while. Cabin crew did not use shoulder straps on take off and landing. No alcohol served and food terrible. An airline that should not be allowed to fly in the 21st Century. Avoid
 I paid for my ticket in February 2020 but because of Covid my flight got cancelled. I applied for a refund because my Father received a refund for the same Day returning flight. It is now February 14, 2021, a year later and all I have heard is excuses and lies! They even had the nerve to block me on Facebook rather than issue a refund. They even said a refund was issued and after 14 days said it never was and I should receive it soon, one year later and still no refund and lies, lies, lies. So disappointed in my Caribbean Airlines position in this matter.
  The original flights I paid for for our return trip from Cebu to Manila and onto Hanoi were changed twice by Philippine Airlines. They gave us much later flights than we had originally booked. They sent the new flight times by email without any consultation or my permission. Subsequently we had much longer connecting times and one flight ended up at 2.40 am. One other flight change would have got us into Manila after our connection had already taken off. Had to go into ticket office twice to understand what was going on. In short, I would not have bought the tickets if I had known we had to fly at those times.
  Very dishonest company. The information they sent said that a hand luggage was allowed but at the gate I had to pay 50 euros. The staff was very aggressive and unpleasant.
We were flying Insel Air from St Maarten to Curacao. We quickly passed through check in and security. The flight was delayed by 23 hours coming from Santo Domingo so we just sat in the almost empty terminal. We boarded via the stairs. The aircraft wasnt the cleanest, and it had the not so pretty green Alitalia seats and there was water leaking from the AC vents a few rows behind me. We were served a little snack on the flight and there was a raffle in which you can win back your ticket. The flight attendants were kind and attentive.
  Johannesburg to Durban. Flight was on time, no great shakes for a 50 minute domestic flight. A drink and a sandwich severed during the flight. However  this must have been the filthiest plane I have ever been on and I have been on hundreds. The dirt, grim and filth on the table and seats was beyond a joke.
  This is a thanks note after my quarantine. My two little babies and I got a wonderful trip from KUL to Guangzhou airport in March. The cabin crew paid  attention on my babies and provide us a nice service. I would praise the ground staff which helped us from the aircraft to the quarantine hotel and assisted us with heavy luggage. No doubt that China Southern Airlines will be the top choice.
We flew MaunJohannesburg. Despite the reviews here I was pleasantly surprised. The plane looked new and the leather seats were comfortable. The 2 cabin crew were ok. The plane left on time and landed on time 2 hrs later.
  My experience was amazing with Batik Air, flight was on time and staff were very helpful and answering all the questions. Our luggage were delivered in good condition and no delay in flight time. I guess I wouldnt go for this airline again given all the bad reviews but just wanted to share that my experience was very good with them.
  I have flown 3 times on La Companie so far and could not be happier. It makes me laugh to see complaints about ground accommodations, and old planes etc... this is an airline that flies to a manageable airport Orly with lower taxes than for example CDG, it is a boutique operation with limited flights, and proposes business class flights RT for as low as $1500 vs. $5000 on poorer major airlines. It is great value for the price and grumpy people can still spend their $1500 on a coach ticket booked on United coping with the CDG mess, and see if they are offered hot towels, full meal, champagne, and most importantly business class seats with better air quality.
Ft Lauderdale to Montego Bay. Thanksgiving day was a disaster, flight schedule to leave at 940am was cancelled. They said delayed 345pm, then 445, then 545, now 645. Very frustrating and no one can give an explanation. The workers at the podium said no one is giving them any information so they dont know what is going on. This is unacceptable and not good service. They will be my last resort for travelling if need be.
  Just flew Jetstar Bangkok to Singapore on April 1st. Paid for additional $48 cabin baggage. When in plane, the staff says no more room for cabin baggage, they started carting the baggage out to the hold. I protested politely to the crew, I paid for that cabin space. They kept silent and continue to cart my bag out. Another passenger offered to make space by moving his luggage from top compartment to under his seat. I told the crew to bring my bag back as there is space, they relented and carted my bag back from outside the plane.
  Changsha to London. A mixed bag of an airline. The direct flights from London to Changsha and return were on time, smooth and trouble free. Cabin crew are pleasant and the seat space not too bad, if a little cramped and lacking storage space. The food, drinks, entertainment, lounges that let the airline down. My food was very poor for business class and the airline is clearly catering for its Chinese customer base. The films on board were limited and poor. They offer you wine with your first meal, but were very mean with top ups for me.
Yangon to Singapore with SilkAir, and good service and adequate food. Crew was helpful and flight was on time. Seat pitch was a major problem, could not sit without touching back of front seat. Luckily crew assisted me and I could move to an emergency exit seat. I flew a few days before from Singapore to Mandalay in A320200 and seat pitch was fine.
  The service quality ground and cabin is well worth the money spent. Quality of food is good with 2 choices. The airline is punctual.
  AirAsia Philippines the worst airline I have ever booked and flown with. They ghost their customers regarding refunds, constantly disconnectchange the phone lines, dont have email support, and no one answers DMs on Facebook or Twitter. The only other support you get is Ava which is a useless, infuriating bot. I tried to go to the airport to speak with them but the security told me AirAsia Philippines doesnt allow face to face.  I had my flights canceled four different times, and finally on the last one I just went to the airport and asked to be put on another flight because there were empty seats. They kept saying it was full. I insisted that this was unfair and pointed out several examples of hypocrisy and finally they let me on, but not before charging me $120. I had $150 in credits but they wouldnt let me use that towards the flight even though I purchased travel insurance and premium flex which is what this is for. They are trying to avoid letting people use their credits. 
  Worst flight experience in my life. Both my flights on my round trip was delayed by at least 3 hous, my first departure was delayed by 6 hours. Staff was very unhelpful and unsympathetic to any of the problems that occurred, and seemed irritated when all the fault was on them. They loaded a total of 15 bags on my return flight, and sent the rest to God knows where, and sent the flight off anyway. Instead of fixing or helping the whole rest of the customers they seriously inconvenienced, left typed instructions with a pile of papers saying write down your problems and we will deal with them later. Very unprofessional, do not expect any good experiences with this company if you decide to fly with them.
  Beware of cancelation fees even when the airline canceled your ticket. My ticket for April 2022 got canceled due to the new covid policy issued by Taiwan government. Still the airline will not give you back 100 of the ticket.  Hence i rebooked another ticket again thinking it was just 1 plane got canceled. And immediately canceled that ticket in an 1 hour stretch. Airline refused my cancelation request and charged me penalty. 
 Surely my favourite airline company among the so called low cost. Honest and friendly commercial politics luggage, tickets. No tricks, no hidden costs. Easy App.
 I had a flight from Cancun to Los Cabos with a connection in Mexico City. Mexico City airport is a disaster! We were 30 minutes late leaving Cancun then right before we were to land in Mexico City the plane went in circles for 15 minutes. Upon arrival the cabin crew told us dont worry we know people have connecting flights and we will take care of you dont worry! A joke! When I was able to finally get off plane I had two minutes to get to my gate, upon arrival they let some people through that were on my flight but not me. I had a first class ticket and the attendant at desk told me the previous airplane had issued and they had to downsize to a small airplane and 60people dont have flights. When I saw a lady go through that was on my same flight I asked why is she able to go and he said Im not sure, they then directed me to the a desk to rebook my ticket which is for a whole next day! No compassion or care they gave me my vouchers and that was it. Question to this airline why do you have connection flights if you know your not going to be able to fulfill the flyers to their connecting flights. Im waiting for my luggage and I cant wait to see what type of hotel they set me up in after reading these reviews.
  Nadi to Auckland. If you are a parent of a child who is not a teenager do not use Fiji Airways. Our flight was delayed understandable due to a strike by their ground staff hence we werent provided any meals on board. They have a intercom announcement system yet they failed to inform us at the counter, over the system and at the boarding gate that meals wont be provided and we were allowed to take a meal with us. I have a 1y 4m toddler, she grew hungry within an hour on the flight. An attendee just 2 rows ahead of me ignored me when I first asked for assistance and continued even when another passenger informed him I required help. The second time I reached out an tapped on his shoulder and excused myself asking for just a cup of water to make formula for my crying toddler, who by now was in a full on hunger tantrum. The attendee turned around and told me sternly that I would be attended to by his coworker. When the second attendee approached me with the meal cart I asked for water and voiced out as to how rude the other attendee was to which she replied its okay, its okay, any parent with a hungry baby would know its not okay to see your child in tears. It was so hard to get a cup of water from these people I dont know what they would do if a more urgent issue arised. My problems could have been taken care of at so many stages of the days events. They could have sent an email out informing us about the strike and that there would be no meals on board, at the check in counter, announced it, at the boarding gate, by the staff. I am a parent, I will always need to know that I can feed my child. If I had known at any of these stages that there werent any meals I would have requested to take a bottle of water with me. If you are a parent, my advice to you is to not use this airline or if you really have to then you have to take on the responsibility to keep checking with the staff for any issues which my hinder your journey, cause lord knows they wont do it!
La Compagnie from Luton to New York was excellent. Easy and friendly checkin, fast track through security. Lounge at Luton currently WIP but when finished will be good  plenty to eat and drink. Walk from lounge onto plane  only downside no jetty. Plane only 60 full so made it feel even more exclusive. Quiet, calm and relaxing. French flight attendants very professional. Good food and drink, slept 4 hours and I had no problem with the angled seat. They now have a proper amenity kit. Best part from the arrival gate to taxi at Newark just 30 mins including picking up luggage. Great flight times  leaves 5.45pm out of Luton so can work most of the day and into New York by 9pm. Amazing value and excellent experience.
  I have flown LATAM throughout South America and have always had good experiences. I recently had news to contact customer service about a lost item. The case and associated number were set up quickly. I was informed the item had not yet been recovered and was instructed to check back after 12 hours of my flight landing. I never received a response  yes or no  about my lost item despite numerous inquiries to the agent who replied to my original message. I dont expect to have this item returned, but the inability to show the common courtesy of answering me one way or the other has changed my opinion of LATAM.
 Sitting here waiting at Gold Coast airport for return flight home to Melbourne, plane has been delayed for 5 hours. This is the third time in a few weeks that this has happened, one of which ended up eventually being cancellednotified at 10pm after several delays and hanging around the airport for over 6 hours. Half expecting the same thing again today, well see. Meanwhile 4 planes Virgin, Jetstar flights have left for Melbourne. Will never ever travel Tigerair again.
  I had to change my kids tickets due to the new covid variant and the airlines charged $400 first time when the kids wanted to stay longer to participate in the community project and then yesterday they charged $700 to change the ticket as I did not feel comfortable leaving my kids at the island due to the new covid variant. Other airlines are so flexible at this time but Hawaiian airlines are the worst.
  Handles the current strike very poorly. There is extremely little information. We were worried about the strikes but got no info that any flight would be canceled the same day so we went to the airport. Once there, the gate will not appear on the screen until about 20 minutes before the flight is to leave. Then the flight is delayed 1h. Finally, half the airline is canceled 10 minutes before departure. Then about 30 minutes later the other half. O.m we and other travelers could get info earlier at least in the morning the same day we could have booked a train or similar to take us home  to our destination. But since we do not get any info, we lose at least one day on travel  miss important scheduled meetings etc. The staff does not know much more and we are referred to check our mobile phones to get information about hotels. Do not recommend!  Hanterar den rdande strejken mkt dligt. Det r extremt lite information. Vi var oroliga fr strejkerna men fick ingen info om att ngot flyg skulle vara instllt samma dag s vi kte in till flygplatsen. Vl dr kommer inte gaten upp p skrmen frrn ca 20 min innan flyget skall g. Sen blir flyget frsenat 1h. Sist blir halva flygsllskapet avbokat 10 min innan avgng. Drefter ca 30 min senare vriga halvan. O.m vi och andra resenrer kunde f info tidigare i alla fall p morgonen samma dag hade vi kunnat boka tg eller liknande fr att ta oss hemtill vrt resml. Men eftersom vi inte fr ngon info s frlorar vi minst en dag p att resamissar viktiga inplanerade mten etc. Personalen vet inte s mkt mer och vi hnvisas till att kolla p vra mobiltelefoner fr att f information om hotell. Rekommenderar inte!
 Lisbon to Amsterdam. The plane was 1 hour late, I made a reservation in Space plus. Put my and luggage above my seat but very rude staff moved my hand luggage to another part of the plane. They were so incredibly rude I would not recommend or use this airline again.
  My husband and I flew from Sudbury to Cuba in December 2013. I was 26 weeks pregnant. We had an early flight from Sudbury so we got to the airport early. Well of course our plane was delayed and we were provided with a lunch voucher since we had to wait that much longer. We were supposed to arrive in Cuba at 500pm. We eventually got picked up by a large 14 full plane from Sudbury, got flown to Ottawa, had to get off the plane at the Ottawa airport, and wait for them to get boarded onto the plane. It was approx 1100pm at this time and we were stuck in the waiting area at the airport. Again, keep in mind that I was 26 weeks pregnant and they didnt provide any sort of meal or meal voucher since lunch time. We finally got everyone boarded in Ottawa and took off. Once we were in the air we were offered their generous champagne for the champagne flight! about 2 oz of alcohol?. Around 200 am we were served food. In a nutshell, I waited from lunch until 200 am to be offered any sort of food on this trip. We finally arrived at the resort at 500 am 12 hours later than expected. Luckily the resort was top notch Royalton in Cayo Santa Maria and offered 24 hour food. Sunwing is disgusting with how they treat their passengers. No explanation for these delays and never a response to the many emails I sent. I will never use Sunwing again. We usually travel 2xyear. 
  Chicago to Toronto with Porter Airlines. I paid premium for my flight and the agent charged me $39 for a carry on bag. She insisted I have to check it in. I fly with this on all airlines.
LondonTripoliJohannesburg. Tripoli airport toilets are so bad you really have to be desperate to use them. Airline good value for money. Cabin crew not very cheerful looked tired all times. The only reason I would fly with them again is value for money but more friendly and cheerful cabin crew needed. A330 plane has good leg room and clean but the A320 plane not much leg room and needs cleaning up.
  Having had an issue and missed the first leg of a long and expensive trip from Miami to Cagliari in business class, my entire flight including the return was cancelled without a chance of reschedule or refund of over $5000.  I emphatically discourage anyone thinking to use this horrible company. I am saddened by the worsened state of the main airline of Italy.
  We went to the airport on time. We then were notified there was a delay of 2 hours, which is expected, so we waited. Then it was 2 more hours, then 2 more on and on until it was 13 hours later we were boarded, to a completely different plane due to a missing fuel cap of some sort. First off, we werent notified of this issue previous to our arrival, or had we been told there was going to be a 13 hour delay, we would have gone home and come back. But Flair decided to take us and everyone on the plane on a roller coaster, where a few people lost temper and started yelling and screaming. We were given some vouchers, which not worked, so we had to spend out of pocket to sustain us. After getting to our destination, we tried following through as the Canadian standards demands airlines to honour a compensation. We were told this delay wasnt applicable although it was within the airlines control but a safety matter. We have since followed up with CTA. I can easily say Flair Airlines is by far the worst company we have ever had to deal with.
  The worst experience of my life. Flight delayed by over 8 hours, no information, no one notified me ahead of time. Ive been in the airport since 6 am. No compensation. Airline staff incredibly rude and unhelpful. Never, ever, ever use it. 
  A good Business class flight but for a 14 hour flight I only slept for 23 hours. The crew are not overly friendly but seem to be efficient and pleasant. Seemed eager to please but small talk minimal, dont expect the friendliness of Virgin for eg. The food was a good standard, with 1st  2nd starter pasta course along with a main course although desserts disappointing. Dinner  breakfast served with snacks on offer such as a rustic pie There were a couple of points to note 1. Window seats offer a lot of privacy but I sat in 8A which was missing a window 2. Seats are very hard leather with no mattress topping, I had to use a spare duvet to make is softer but still wasnt comfortable enough 3. Quite a bizarre layout with the Business toilets  you have to walk through the galley where the crew rest and prepare the food. Quite an awkward as they may be having a group chat and you feel like youre disturbing every time you use the loo!
SZGHERSZG. Crew polite and friendly. One little downrating because the audio system did not work. NIKI is one of the rare airlines who serve one free snack and drink on charter flights and provide newspapers free as well. Additional drinks or food has to be paid for.
  They have gone downhill since Covid. I used to be happy with Aer Lingus pre Covid. But now this airline is a complete waste of money and time. The plane was dirty. The tables have not been cleaned, butter and coke was sticking on it. There was no pocket on the seat. But the biggest failure were the staff at Dublin airport. The ground crew was rude beyond imagination.  The woman at the gate yelled at me and others, ripped my boarding pass out of my hand and was really disrespectful. That was not what I was paying for. The other staff were fairly disinterested in service of any kind. Felt like they have a miserable job so anyone else should have to suffer. This was the last time for me traveling with Aer Lingus. There is no value traveling Aer Lingus anymore and I strongly recommend choosing a proper airline. Sorry Aer Lingus, but it is in your hands.
 I purchased a refundable ticket for my mother, when she could not make the trip due to health issues I requested a refund. The airline would only refund to the original payment method, even though I no longer have access to that card or bank with that institution. The airline told me it was too bad, and I would just have to work it out with the bank. I used to love this airline but they are nothing but thieves who stole $1000 dollars from me.
  My Flight cancelled by airlines and then after they are not even picking up the call. No refund option. Contact details given are of not use because the never reply and never pickup calls. Worst experience ever had. They just eat my money, from last four months Im calling them for refund but they not picked even single call. 
  Horrible customer service when there is a problem. ViaAir canceled our flight last minute and told customers to find another way home. They offered to pay for us to get another airline to take us home, which we thought was awesome. After we did this and sent them the receipt they refused to pay it. They first said that all was approved and that they were sending a check. 100 days later and many emails back and forth checking on our payment, they then said that they were not going to pay for our flights. There is no way to talk to upper management and their customer service reps do not help you talk to those that make the decisions. Their flight cancellation process was extremely disappointing and they do not do what they say. We will never use this airline again.
  Seattle to Shenzhen. CheckIn was quick. Boarding commenced slightly late but was controlled and orderly. The Boeing 7878 was new and a bit squeaky. The seat had a 17 inch width and 3233 inches of pitch. The seat had a cup holder, remote, USB and AC power ports and a fairly large personal screen. The selection of content was decent but a lack of Western movies and appealing Eastern movies could be improved. The food served was good and a decent portion was served. The crew were quite sincere and attentive to all calls, Their English was okay for interactions but not too great over the PA. 
  Mostly favourable. However I have now on three occasions booked and paid for extra legroom seats but when seats have been allocated they are not extra Legroom seats. As neither the confirmation mail nor booking summary show extra legroom seats paid for, it has been difficult to prove such to cabin crew. Likewise, online check in seems to be somewhat fraught as I receive instructions to do Online check in etc and then get a message to say this passenger is unable to undertake online check in but to present myself with ALL documents including ESTA to Airport checkin. Upon doing just that, present myself to Airport checkin, ALL that I am asked for is my passport as they already have all of my information detail. etc.
 London to Bangkok. I traveled with my wife who is Thai, I am British. Firstly I made a mistake with my booking and I understand that that was my fault but I was charged heavily. What was more frustrating was that I could not contact the airline personally by email as they did not respond. The telephone number supplied did not work either. To top that off my THAI wife got allocated 30kg of Luggage and me 20kg? We were sat together and checked in together and the check in staff just shrugged their shoulders and said We have no control over that. I usually fly Korean Air recommend but this was my first of many trips to Thailand so I thought I would fly with the National carrier. Never again. No wonder they are going under when they need customers post covid I will say that the onboard staff were great though. The company is letting them down.
Zurich  Mykonos return. Great crew outstanding food and wines enough space in business as middle seat not sold. We are Gold Members on Star Alliance and OneWord and always look forward to fly with Edelweiss  perfect start for a holiday and you feel really welcome and appreciated as a pax on this airline.
Flew on a charter from Gatwick to Verona on an Inghams holiday. The flights both ways were on time and 30 minutes shorter than quoted. The staff were welcoming professional and immaculate. The plane was an Embraer 195 and was spotless. Snacks only provided so no comments really well it was a charter. I would not hesitate to fly again with them.
Our return flight from Herkaklion on Crete to Frankfurt on September 25th started with a long queue outside the airport. TUIfly had so many passengers on that day that there wasnt enough space for all people inside the terminal. We had to wait 1 hour for the baggage drop off. Half of the time staying in the sun. Everything seemed to be very disorganized. The aircraft arrived early on Crete which ment also an early departure and arrival for us. The plane was around 9 years old and owned by TUIfly. A totally different experience than on the way to Crete with a leased airplane. The seat offered a very comfortable seat pitch with plenty of space to move around. The cabin and washrooms looked clean. On cabin screens the safety video, an airshow and advertisement were shown. Also on some tables stickers with advertisement were installed. While boarding the flight attendants distributed wine gums to everybody. During the flight we had the same choice between a sandwich with cheese or ham. It seemed the flight Crew was quiet desinterested in their job. No smile at all, noisy deposit of service equipment and slangannouncements by the purser. But the flight crew gave us often information concerning the flight. Dont expect much, but if the price is good I would fly them again.
  Bangkok to Almaty return. First time flying with Air Astana and was incredibly impressed. The service from ticketing, check in to on board was exceptional. Travelling with a baby can often be tiring and stressful however they accommodated our needs every step of the way. On return we had a quick transfer in BKK to another airline. Air Astana staff were able check our luggage right through to the final destination  tagged it to ensure ground crew knew of the urgency. All went very smoothly and we made connections with zero fuss and our bags arrived first on carousel. I highly recommend Air Astana and look forward to flying them again.
Tigerair was a nightmare came true! After enbarking and disembarking twice because of severe technical problems the whole process lasted for 8 hours, and in that time we got no food and no drinks. More imporzant we received no information from staff. We, a group of 23 decided to take another flight. The staff was not able to get our luggage and after another 4 hours and endless discussions we get our luggage, and booked a flight with KLM to Singapore.
Melbourne to Heathrow. We flew business class in the new Dreamliner and although a dedicated Boeing fan was disappointed in the noise level of this aircraft. I think Boeing has to look at better insulation as the Airbus 380 is far quieter! As far as Im concerned Boeing hurried this aircraft through too quickly and didnt get some things right. I see in the reports that the seats are uncomfortable on long flights comfortable seats are a must. Otherwise flying Royal Brunei is good value and I dont mind stretching the legs in seven hours hops. Business lounges at both stopovers pretty ordinary!
  I booked Bangkok Don Mueang to Luang Prabang Nov 2, 2016, but I was flying to Bangkok three hours before my flight with AirAsia. 6 days before the flight I receive and email from AirAsia, that it was rescheduled, so I wont be able to get on this flight, because instead of three hours I will have only 15 minutes between my flights. They provided only two options I can take any other flight on the same route within 7 days of my original flight. Or I can receive a refund with AirAsia credit not cash, which I can use only within 90 days. So my options are to spend a night at the airport or pay for a hotel in the city from my pocket, or get useless credits, which I cannot use, because I will be leaving the country. Live Chat is alway unavailable, I tried it before and had the same results. Eform answers are always by template, no one really cares to read your messages, they only provide some default answer depending on keywords in your message. And when I tried to contact them by phone, after third attempt someone finally picked up the phone, I listened for intro messages for couple minutes and then the guy on the phone told me exactly the same, what was described in the email. Superb support service! 
  There was a terrible experience with this airline. All my plans were disrupted. My son had a flight 7202023 from Houston to San Francisco via Phoenix. The departure was at 1055am from Houston on 7202023. On 7192023 at 1140pm They sent me an email for delaying flight from Houston to Phoenix about 11.5 hours. Frontier airlines offered me a refund and change flight options. They did not offer any hotel stay or something. I had to get refund because change flight options are not appropriate for us. All our plans changed and I purchased another airline company ticket from Houston to San Francisco on the same day by paying extra $300. At midnight I was dealing with resolving my son flight to San Francisco about 2 hours. It was a terrible experience with this airline and 11.5 hours delay disrupted everything. I do not recommend their service and flight options.
  Dublin to London City. I booked expensive flight due to family emergency. My return flight has been changed from London City to Southend. Reason given is staff shortages. This is most inconvenient and not what they advertise. No response from cityjet or offer of compensation. Never again.They continually brag about flying you into heart of London. Southend is certainly not that!
  Manchester to Lanzarote. Uncomfortable seats. Flights delayed both ways. On the way out I had an extra legroom seat but they forgot to load the tables, meaning I had to put a sandwich and drink on my knee. Unsafe and inconvenient. The in flight announcements are the most patronising, loud and annoying I have ever heard. I fly many times a year and will never fly with this airline again.
  When you pay double economy and are promised a premium experience, Virgin doesnt really do what it promises. Check in line was long with none travelling business class. It was so slow that I went to economy as it was faster. No premium through security. Only one gate agent so it was confusing that premium had to basically cut the line. On board was lovely, nice staff, full meal I had a poke bowl but the Mainland pre packaged cheese crackers cheapened it, surely a bread roll is nicer, plus there was nothing sweet a mini Kit Kat would have sufficed. Luggage was the most disappointing as it took nearly an hour to arrive. Longer than the actual flight. Five flights were sharing the same luggage belt. I think they need to lift their game to ensure they deliver the premium experience they promise.
  Flew WapanamandaPort MoresbySingapore on 2021 March 2022. The domestic leg was on an old Dash8200 aircraft always used on this route. It became the noisiest flight I have had for many years. Service on board given juices and biscuits. Half load. Free seating. Allowed to check in 30 hours in advance. Flight delayed 25 Minutes which is bearable. Smooth checkin, and very fast luggage delivery in Moresby. The international leg was eased by the airlines Helpdesk who advised promptly on corona and other documents requirementschanges to avoid any checkin panic or denial. CheckIn took long time due to loads of document checks. 3 counters open was hardly enough for the only 60 passengers, e.g. it took me alone 25 minutes to get a BP issued. Lack of a full alliance with e.g. Oneworld, complicates things  Qatar, who issued my ticket, including for onward flights, is only a partner. Lounge access in POM were generously given to all the airlines frequent flyers. Their lounge was good in terms of hot foods offering, view, and space we were only 5 visitors to fill 145 chairspaces. Drink offering were shockingly poor absolutely no alcoholic beverages beyond milk and sodas  and the coffee was burnt to the level to call the fire brigade. The actual flight was on an aged, noisy, but well refurbished B767300. Flight punctual and even early in both ends. FAs were kind and informative. The complete lack of alcoholic beverages is completely subpar it was apologized by FAs and said to be temporarily and change back by April 2022 to be reinstated. Only 1 meal service on a 6 hours afternoon flight is scarce. Food offerings were 2 options, beef and chicken  that complemented the offerings from Paradise lounge well where we had fish, fishballs, lamb, and cheeses. No WiFi nor IFE onboard  but flight monitors at every seat made us know the name of all Indonesian islands passed. Power outlets provided at every seat. While business class was full, there were only a 10 load in economy which gave us all the space in the world to flat out. Can only rate to 7 of 10 but will add 12 more when the full drink repertoire returns.
  Flew from Altoona to BWI to catch a flight to LAX. Very quick and convenient. Imagine my surprise when 3 days before our return trip I was notified that our flight was moved ahead 2 hours, making it impossible to make the connecting flight back from LAX. The glib suggestion of rescheduling for the next day was impossible due to work commitments. The request that they wait 12 hour so that we could get on the flight was also quickly dismissed, even though on an 8 seat plane we would have been 25 of the passengers. The cost to reschedule our cross country flight would have been over 1000. Luckily we were able to get a credit from southwest and schedule a flight into state college instead. After spending about 3 hours on hold with various entities, we were told that we would be refunded what amounted to 25 of the cost of the flight which I still havent seen This whole fiasco cost me much more, a whole morning of a weekend visit to my son who lives across the country to try to figure it out!
 Me hubiese gustado poder dar opinin positiva La buena reputacin de Iberia creo espectativas que no fueron alcanzadas en este caso, el vuelo estuvo retrasado al menos una hora sin ninguna disculpa del capitn o personal de cabina. Desde el principio muy mal organizado el abordaje. Durante el vuelo de una hora, el servicio fue prcticamente inexistente y hasta un vaso de agua parece ser mucho pedir. Fue mi primera y ltima vez volando con Iberia una lastima siendo una marca tan icnica que debera ser un standard de calidad representando a toda Espaa.  I would have liked to have been able to give a positive opinion... Iberias good reputation created expectations that were not met in this case, the flight was delayed for at least an hour without any apology from the captain or cabin crew. From the beginning very poorly organized boarding. During the hourlong flight, service was virtually nonexistent, and even a glass of water seems like too much to ask. It was my first and last time flying with Iberia a shame as it is such an iconic brand that should be a quality standard representing all of Spain.
  Denpasar to Kuala Lumpur via Surabaya. Landed a bit behind time, waiting at the bridge in Surabaya was a guy that took me down to the apron, radioed a car which took me to my flight on the other international side of the airport. Took me through check in, customs and immigration and told me to hurry along. Took all up 60 minutes, five minutes later through the gate onto my flight. Brilliant operation, would have missed it otherwise. Now compare that to my sister at Ho Chi Minh a day earlier trying to get to her flight to HaNoi. Pleaded to go to the front of the queue to get to her connecting flight, nothing doing, missed her flight and finally arriving there at midnight. This is a comparison of Citilink caring to Vietnam Airlines miserable A remarkable effort from a remarkable airline. Added to this was a nice little meal on this nice little trip. A very high standard. Hugely thankful.
Totally disappointed with the flight outbound, dated aircraft, in light entertainment was ridiculous all the films started at the same time with no option to rewind or pause. The meals were bland, youll not starve but thats about it. we couldnt book our return seats online, we tried several times but no results, but thought nothing of it, but this morning once the 24hrs online check in opened we logged in 3 mins after it opened and all the seats were booked. So me and my partner couldnt even be seated together. Id never fly with Air Mauritius again, Id rather pay a few pounds more and have a happy 12hrs in the air.
  Hong Kong from Delhi. At the airport, the counters were poorly organized, the worst part was the time of the registration. It took me more than two hours to register. In the end, when I was at the counter, the attendant told me I had to pay for my 68kg of extra luggage  almost 500$. I could not buy extra luggage online because it is down on the website if you dont fly domestically in Thailand. Also, Im Russian, we dont have any working VISA and MasterCard cards anymore. We cannot pay for extra. The attendant did not propose I rearrange the luggage or reduce the amount of extra luggage. It was already almost 30 minutes to boarding  the attendants held me there. So, I had to pay to be able to board the plane  there was a very long line for the passport check. The flight itself was fine. Flight attendants were polite and provided me with sufficient help due to my situation. However I do not recommend Thai Airways, especially flying from India. They will take your money, and force you to exchange for rupees the amount is ridiculous  I have never paid that much for the overweight. The amount should be reasonable. Also, the attendants should provide options for what to do in this situation and should not keep you at the counter when the boarding is almost on. I saw no politeness, no hospitality, no respect that day from Thai Airways at the airport. Also, I have filed a claim on the official website explaining everything in details  no response at all. As if I spoke to the thin air.
  Worst airline ever. You cant get a hold of anyone via phone or email. They lost my bag in Amman, not sure how as we had a long enough layover. It was supposed to arrive on the next flight today and nothing came and there is nobody answering any calls or emails and they havent since Friday. The food was also horrendous and they dont pre board people needing assistance. 
  The flight from Paris CDG to Luxembourg departed on time and arrived earlier than scheduled. Service on board was very good on this short flight. A small snack and water were served. The flight was quite bumpy as its a small aircraft but there is nothing the airline can do about turbulence. My only complaint is that the flight departs from CDG T2G which offers very few options for shopping and dining. Overall, this was a positive experience and I would happily recommend Luxair.
Madrid  Santa Cruz B747400 economy. Checked in at Palma okay on connection but no through booking for seats. Check in at Madrid and Aerosur cabin luggage allowance less than originating airline through ticket so cabin bag removed and put in hold. Entering plane strong toilet odour throughout the cabin. Generally a very dirty cabin interior with hard uncomfortable seating. No inflight films available. Bar service once glass of wine and water. Cabin staff said they had run out. Dinner was a greasy stodgy rice. Ive got my return to look forward to  and all for £1450.00 return. Awful  I do this trip 3 times a year and nobody else treats passengers like this.
  We flew with TAAG from  Cape Town. As of a few days ago, passengers in transit no longer need to do the mandatory rapid covid test at airport in Luanda.  Cape Town to Luanda is 3.5 hours in an older 737700. Food was ok, not bad. Service was friendly even with a full flight. No inflight entertainment system. Arriving in Luanda we had to take the rapid test in a hanger. The process takes around 3060 minutes depending how full flights are. For our return flight 2 weeks later they thankfully stopped this mandatory testing. You just need to show your negative RTPCR test not older than 72 hours of flight. It does not matter if youre vaccinated or not, the PCR test is all they want to see. Rapid covid tests are not permitted for leaving SA or Portugal. Ground staff are well informed. The wait at Luanda airport was long around 5 hours before boarding the next flight close to midnight. We flew TAAG 5 years ago so coming back to Luanda we had an idea what to expect. In short its a chaotic basic airport with little to offer except expensive drinks and food. There are even strange flea market type stalls selling traditional African items. Admittedly the airport has been upgraded a bit, now offering a duty free store and more open seating. This time we stayed in the Pall lounge using our Lounge Key Visa benefit. The lounge is basic but comfortable. They give you a few vouchers to exchange for drinks or toasted sandwiches. At least it is airconditioned. The flight to Lisbon was on a modern 777300ER with a 333 seating with some of the best leg room Ive experienced. At 1.86m tall, I still had plenty room in front of my knees. At present their inflight entertainment system has been turned off. This did not bother us, as at midnight you dont really want to watch moviesthe flight is only 7 hours to Lisbon so sleep comes in handy for a full day ahead. Shortly after take off, they bring you dinner. We had a choice of beef or bacalhau fish which was actually quite tasty. The toilets were clean on all flights. Breakfast was also served around 90 minutes before landing in Lisbon. Coming back to Cape Town was only a 2.5 hours transit at Luanda so quite convenient. To go back to SA you dont need a PCR test if you are vaccinated. If not vaccinated then you have to do the test which is quite expensive around 80euros. All 4 flights there and back were perfectly on time, some even landed earlier than stated. Luggage allowance. Most tickets now cover you for 2 x 23kg bags in economy. Masks have to be worn on all flights except when eating but not heavily enforced. TAAG does not come close to Middle East airlines in terms of inflight entertainment, but the short overall flying time combined with a lower airfare works well for us, especially compared to options on other airlines which take much longer and cost a lot more. 
  Porto to Turin via Madrid. Nice airplane, flights on Time. Very nice staff people, was a good flight and was very well impressed with the timing and the amount of effort to make customer feel ok.
  All my flights from Canada to Vietnam were canceled a month or two before my trip so I called them to reschedule the flights. It took them forever to confirm my new flights and send me a new itinerary. I had to call them again 12 weeks before the trip to ask for an update and even then, not all of reservations were confirmed. My flight from Saskatoon to Vancouver apparently needed an update from the Hong Kong team who needed to connect with Air Canada. That again took extremely long. I had to call them almost every single day to ask about the flight just to get the same response of Dont worry, you are assured to get on the flight or We still need to her back from the Hong Kong Team or We will call you as soon as we have any update. Up until 3 days before the trip, I did not receive a single call or email regarding the issue. On that day, I had to call them constantly for 5 hours, talking to numerous agents without being to make any progress. And, at the last minute, they informed me that the flight was no longer in their system. Apparently, Air Canada decided to prioritize their passengers and I couldnt get on the flight anymore despite having requested it months ago. This miscommunication between airlines COST ME $600 to book myself a lastminute flight with another airline Westjet from Saskatoon to Vancouver to catch other flights. That was the cheapest ticket I could find which unfortunately left a day early than my planned trip. So I had to stay at the Vancouver airport more than 24 hours. And since it was too sudden, I could not make any hotel reservations and had to sleep on a wooden bench in a food court where people talked throughout the night. Also, due to the small number of Cathay Pacific flights from Vancouver to anywhere else, there was not a single agent I could talk to in person. I couldnt even check in my luggage early and had to sleep with two 23kg boxes and 2 extra carry ons. I was extremely disappointed with Cathay Pacific. Initially, I thought their customer service was good as they were nice and tried to book new flights for me when I requested. But, their inability to communicate with other airlines or even among their teams slowed everything to an extreme. To make it even worse, their refundcompensation policy makes no sense. They couldnt fly me out to Vancouver but they reused to give me a refund for that particular flight. They told me that if I wanted a refund, I would need to cancel the trip for a complete refund. Now, I dont know who I talk to about this issue to demand a fair explanation and compensation. I already filed a complaint but looking at how terrible their communication is, I dont think I would even hear back from them.
  Gladstone to Brisbane. I booked this flight through Virgin Australia website. But later I found out that Virgin ceased his service for some cities and gave it over to a new commercial airline called Alliance Airlines. The aircraft was a Fokker 70 with old interior look. The legroom was very tight. The airlines magazine was the only entertainment on board which hadnt been prepared tastefully. On the positive side, the crew were the most friendly cabin crew Ive seen in Australian airlines. The complimentary snack it was a 730am flight was better than what Virgin used to offer. However, the only drink available was water. It is expected for an airline to offer coffee and tea in the morning, at least they can sell a few options on board. The flight time was shorter than usual as it wasnt a propeller aircraft. Handling at both airport was done by Virgin Australia so it wasnt really related to this review. Generally, its good that a new competitor is entering the market. As a beginner in this sector, they seem to be doing acceptable job. But they should improve some issues to become a rival to other airlines in regional Australia.
 This was very disappointing that we had a flight on 11th November 2021 at 21.00 hours from Goa to Mumbai and we reached airport 2 hours before as per the terms. I got a message at 7.18 pm that the flight has been postponed to 22.35 so when we approach the Air India checkin desk we came to know that the flight had some technical errors and the aircraft is in Mumbai and some spare parts need to come from Delhi. Because of this the staff were not able to tell us if the flight could be boarded or may be canceled and they committed for the full refund so we processed the refund and booked tickets with Indigo for 2.20 am on 12 th and we have to wait at the airport no less than 8 hours because of miss communication or later communication with us. Air India have not shown any courtesy to reschedule our flight with very immediate or next day flight as they are claiming all upcoming flights to Mumbai today and tomorrow morning is full. My advise to every one, dont choose Air India alliance airlines for your travels, otherwise you will be stuck at the airport.
  I use this airline frequently because it is the only airline serving Orkney. If you are coming to Orkney and are able to use the ferries then do so, this airline is a disgrace, frequently delayed and cancelled and a total absence of customer service. However I would say that the cabin staff are fantastic, it is just a shame they are stuck working for this airline.
  When my wife and I checked into the desk, we were told that they were not able to seat us together. The employee at checking said that he would see what he could do. When we boarded the plane, I asked one of the cabin crew if he could help us get seats together and he assured me that he would try. Needless to say, this did not happen. I was seated beside a lovely woman from Ireland and she felt sorry for me so she switched seats with my wife 5 rows back so that we could seat together. I thanked her profusely for her generous offer. After we took of from Toronto, I became aware of an isle seat what the Irish lass had given up was vacant. I had to ask the cabin crew to ask this lovely lass to move to this seat. Why could a big airline such as Aer Lingus be so damn ignorant to their passengers? Having said this, we will neither fly or recommend this airline. It left a very bad taste in my mouth.
  I couldnt believe there was only 1 working bathroom with over 150 passengers and also every flight was asked if I would like a beverage I said a coke and after she opened the can she asked for a 2.50 payment. I was under the impression that beverages were complimentary since I paid 1500$ for this flight. Terrible airline and service.
First time flying Horizon and no problems noted on any of the flights. Seattle to Portland Portland to Santa Rosa and Reno to Seattle. All flights on the Q400 which I found to be an excellent plane. Flight crews were professional and appeared to enjoy their jobs!
 Horrible customer service. We bought a ticket for a child under 2 years, which is normally not charged. Vueling incorrectly charge the cost of a seat. We asked for a refund and your answer twice is We cannot process refunds of products and services purchased. So they first incorrectly charge us a cost and then they say they cannot refund us. I didnt go to school long enough to understand this.
  Absolutely awful experience. My wife and I flew with Avelo for the first time and there was a maintenance delay that delayed the flight by 1 hour 30 minutes. Absolutely no communication updating us on the progress until more than 2 hours later. Cannot believe how annoying this was. Then they said it was delayed a further 1 hour 30 minutes. To add to the confusion, they sent out multiple misleading emails with typos and no helpful information and the information boards at the airport never updated. Totally ridiculous.
  This airline consistently has problems and long delays. The direct flights are a plus, but hours of delay are typical. It just doesnt stack up against other airlines, even at the price.
Charter Flight from Muh Marsa Matrouh to FCO Rome. Left a bit late. Flight attendants put the front toilet out of order throughout the duration of the flight. Plane was so crowded that a long queue was present to use the rear toilets. Some tray tables were broken and passengers were asked to put the tray with their meal on their knees.
  Gurdala to Chicago. The first and last time I have traveled on Interjet. From one to ten I give you 4 the 4hour flight and they dont give you anything or any peanuts. Laprimera y la ltima vez que viaj en la aerolnea de Interjet del uno al diez le doy 4 el vuelo doro 4 horas y No te dan nada ni onos cacahuetes
DMKDPS. Thai Air Asia has a daily direct flight between Bangkok and Bali at good time leave at 615 AM and arrives at 1130 AM so our flight is full with tourists mostly backpackers and families, many of them has little to no traveling experience so starting from boarding was a challenge since many of them didnt know that we are boarding based on zones. On board the FAs were very polite and patient when handling these passengers and making sure they know the basic rules of flying like how to stow their luggage properly. This was a full flight so it takes time to get everything taken care of and we left around 30 minutes behind schedule, but we arrived only around 10 minutes late. Flight time is almost 4 hours so the FAs have ample time to hand out preordered food and beverages. We ordered two items each, and they all come with drinks, and the FAs were so kind to hand our orders two at a time and came back to give us our second order around 1.5 hours before we land. The FAs on this flight were also wearing their masks all the time as was with other Thai Air Asia flights, but it didnt hide the genuine courtesy and kindness in their service. This is a very good flight and we see that the high service level is similar throughout all Thai Air Asia flights regardless of their flight duration or their flight time.
  Kuala Lumpur to Shanghai. 48 hrs into our hazardous experience trying to get home, I wish I had known about China Eastern Airlines. My husband and I arrived in Kuala Lumpur on April 18th around midnight to catch a connecting flight on our way home from vacation leaving Borneo headed for Reno, NV. Our connecting flight was to leave approx 2am. I was held up because my ticket said Jill Hansen and my passport said Jill A Hansen. No amount of common sense would apply. No matter how many countries or check points I had crossed. Nor would China Eastern change the name on my ticket per my authorization. They insisted Malaysia Airlines needed to make the change. My husband requested by phone that Malaysia Airlines make the change and they refused saying China Eastern could make the change. We were effectively trapped in the Kuala Lumpur airport. Also China Eastern said we had missed the connecting flight much earlier anyway as their flights close one hour prior to take off? We found that quite unusual, but the front staff supervisor insisted this was accurate. China Eastern staff also assured us all flights were booked the next day. We could not understand what was happening and grew very frightened of this company and their staff. We called another airline, Cathay Pacific and booked a flight out. It cost us $2400. We were not alone. Several other families were being trapped under the same ruse. We escaped, but a warning needs to go out to US travelers. It is very scary and costly experience. Please start communicating this. Im still not home after almost 3 days of travel, but wanted to share this story. When we asked them to provide a letter or some documentation on our missed flight and the reason we were not allowed on the plane, they directed us to an office on another floor. They assured us someone would be there to assist us. We hiked to this office only to find a dark hall and a locked door.
Montenegro Airlines is a decent airline with possibility for expansion and becoming serious competitor to middle sized airlines in the region such as JAT Airways Croatia Airlines etc. It uses a fleet of modern clean and wellmaintained Fokkers F100 fully fitted with leather seats and decent legroom. I was surprised to find out that business class seats were exactly the same as economy ones. All the crew were nice and young and had a constant smile. They seemed a little bit lazy but were efficient. A nice sandwich with Prosciutto salad and chesse in a fresh mini baguette two drinks and coffe or tea on a 40 minute flight from Tivat to Belgrade and back was a pleasant surprise. Would fly with them again and another reason is their frequent flyer program Vision and reasonable prices.
 Our flight from Sydney to Santiago with LATAM was cancelled due to the Auckland floods. No contingency flight was arranged. There was no communication from LATAM regarding what to do next. Call center staff had no idea what was going on with the floods and what LATAMs response would be whether or not there would be a contingency and how to proceed. LATAM call staff became argumentative when we asked to speak to someone who knew what was happening in response to the flood cancellations and hung up on us several times. LATAM also refused to provide a full refund, claiming that another airline prevented them from doing so, even though the entire booking was through LATAM. They have essentially stolen from me. Definitely my worst travel customer service experience ever. I will be avoiding this airline in future.
  They charged me 25 USD for a checkedin bag and then it arrived ripped off on the side to FLL. It was just 5pm however a guy at the baggage claim said that they closed and that he is the only person related to the company at the airport at the moment. He made a claim for me and said to send it by email that he indicated. Well, nothing was happening for a couple of months until I wrote to a contact email from their official website. Again, a long wait and many emails, and in the end, they issued a 75 USD travel voucher for a damaged nearly new suitcase that I got for over 200 USD. Plus, I live in Mexico and went to the Bahamas once, and dont see myself going there again anyhow soon, so their travel voucher is useless. I wrote them about that and havent heard from them ever since a few months passed. The worst customer service ever, try to avoid this airline at all cost. And well, dont trust them with anything more valuable than 25 bucks duffle bags.
  Paris to Mauritius on May 1st. Had a great experience, flight boarded and left on time. The staff were very pleasant, friendly and extremely helpful. The food on board was good and the flight attendant came around several time for beverage. The one negative comment I would have to say is the individual screen have seen better days. I understand its an older aircraft, but something has to be done about those screen. overall Air Mauritius provided an excellent service and have impressed us. Good job
  Hong Kong to Beijing with Dragonair. This was a redemption flight and it was good in that it is right on time, for flights to Beijing and Shanghai you can almost expect delays. The first time I board a plane that is painted with the new logo, Cathay Dragon, the service was not bad for the 3 hour flight. In fact I found Dragonair better than Cathay on this route which I fly much, and the Purser did come to greet me as a Sapphire member they rarely do so this days especially with Cathay.
  Worst experience with an airline. The flight was delayed and we were informed whilst that the aircraft has remarks which is a technical term layman cannot understand. Apparently there was something wrong with the aircraft which they tried to fix but they were unable to hence we had to use another plane. My only concern is why was the plan only checked when we already boarded and currently in the coaster literally waiting to go in the plane. If it was not safe to fly that specific plane wouldnt it be better to check it properly than rushing because the passengers are waiting? Why wait for an hour before deciding to change plane? Is it not possible to keep the passengers informed. We had a 14 hours flight from London to Manila and everything went smoothly. I was expecting this ManilaLaoag 1hour flight to be hasslefree but it was the exact opposite. We waited far longer than the flight time.
 Very nice experience, flight on time! Boarding was very fast, we arrived 10 minutes before the expected time. I would like to fly with Volotea more Times.
CologneBonn to Manchester and return. Both legs of the journey were late. On both occasions we were called to the gate on time and then waited and waited. At least at Cologne Bonn there are seats and toilets at the gates in Manchester we were left standing for over an hour. No information from the airline and no apology  very poor show. Sadly this lack of customer service is my experience with Lufthansa short haul generally GW are part of Lufthansa which is why I avoid them for short haul flights these days. On short flights my priority is punctuality and here they are sadly lacking. A319 both ways which I find more comfortable than the 737s but that is the only positive thing I can find to say about the experience. Food and drink on board was pricey and not great quality  nowhere near as good value as Ryanair never thought Id write those words!. Next time well stick with Ryanair  the planes are less comfortable but thats not so significant when the flight only lasts 90 minutes and they are much more likely to get you to your destination on time!
AR 1303 April 23rd and AR 1302 April 26th. We were looking for a reasonable Business Class fare from Miami to Buenos Aires we were amazed at how much less expensive Aerolineas was than the other carriers that we checked and were worried that it might be due to an inferior flight experience but decided that since were only flying down for three days to attend a wedding he had to go for it. Well Im happy to report that with Aerolineas Argentinas you dont get what you pay for you get much more. The plane we took was an elderly Airbus that was a bit tattered especially the bathrooms but the seats were lieflat and comfortable the food was above average much better than American and the flight attendants were cheerful professional and happy to help with a smile unlike the surly overweight lazy tenured FAs on most U.S. legacy carriers. I would fly Aerolineas again.
 I used to like Spirit, because is it easy and cheap way to go everywhere, Im fine with everything, is a wonderful plane, wonderful way to fly shorts trips, I find myself comfy and I always used Spirit for many destinations. Last trip was 5 days ago, I am really disappointed now with Spirit, I needed to attend my nieces wedding in Florida and my fault I took this plane and unfortunately it was 3 hours delayed. We were waiting and waiting and they were just postponing and postponing the flight, my daughter and me were really mad, we were wasting our time just waiting for them to finally fly to Fort Lauderdale after so long  thats my complaint, Spirit, please you can do it better.
  This review relates to frustrations relating to QANTAS not adding frequent flyer points to my account. In early February, I flew with Royal Air Maroc from Madrid to Casablanca in Y class. Royal Air Maroc and Qantas are partners in the One World Alliance. My qantas FF number was entered when I booked my RAM flight and was on the boarding pass too. Qantas have now rejected my evidence yeice even though they have had a copy of the reservation and a copy of the boarding pass too. I had similar issues when trying to have flights with IBERIA added to my account and one BA flight too. RAM staff have been helpful and inform me that I am correct and that QANTAS should add the missing points! Qantas seem to have outsourced their customer services to the Philippines from what I gather. It is very frustrating dealing with incompetence and indifference and clearly with those who do not want to apply rules fairly and by the book.
 A ticket was purchased for January 2, 2021 to leave from Havana, Cuba. Unfortunately the government of Cuba shut down all flights. In May of 2021 we requested a refund since it was apparent that only flights financially benefiting the Cuban government would be leaving Cuba. Caribbean Airlines did advise it would take up to 56 months to process the refund. We are now almost to a year with no refund. When I contact the refund department of Caribbean Airlines they send an auto email that someone will call within 48 hours. Of course no one calls. When I call the customer service line then I get put on hold multiple times then always eventually a disconnected line every single time. This is disrespectful and fraudulent. I want my money returned!
 I am appalled by their lack of customer service. I purchased an Air New Zealand flight through Edreams back in May 2021. The flight unfortunately had to be cancelled due to border entry restrictions due to the covid outbreak. I have, from July last year, to present day been fighting to get my money back, all 1900 euros of it! I contacted Edreams, they tell me they are waiting for the refund from Air NZ, I contact Air NZ, they tell me Edreams holds my money!! I now have an email proof from Edreams to say that they are still awaiting a refund from Air NZ, which I have now sent to the customer service department, but I doubt I will get any answers because they blatantly ignore all emails I send!! If you are selling your flights through a scam company then you are just as much responsible for fighting our case because the flight your companies flight was booked in good faith and the matter of the refund needs to be sorted!! Do NOT ignore your customers!!
  Tokyo to Taipei. Priority checkin at Narita was quick and easy. I was able to change my seat at the counter. Boeing 777 has a beautifully designed cabin and offers lots of choices on the inflight entertainment system. The cabin manager on this flight was  kind and helpful. I was welcomed on board and addressed by name. The vegetarian special meal was of a good quality. There was a selection of drinks available, I tried Kumquat Lemonade and Formosa green tea. On arrival, my luggage was first off the belt as it was marked Priority. I am a SkyTeam Elite Plus member and I never experienced such attention to detail and personal service.
  Minsk to Kaliningrad. Our flight was delayed for a few hours because of weather conditions at the destination airport.  I checked the arrivals in our destination airport and figured that there were other airlines landing at the same time with no issues. Only our flight was delayed, because as I guess they put a small plane that cannot tolerate any deviations in weather. The Belavia manager at the airport was absolutely unhelpful and even didnt try to solve this situation. In conclusion I really advise to never fly with Belavia. There are way better airlines than this one.
BKKVTE  very clean cabin and good service very friendly and helpful staff. Departure and arrival on time.
  Overall, the ride was beautiful, we had flown from 400 AM to 700 AM to Fort Myers International and arrived on time and without any issues. Snacks were delicious and the cabin crew was wellrested and ready to serve people if needed. The seat was comfortable but got very hard after the long 2hour flight. Entertainment was meh because you have to pay a fee to text on their inflight internet service.
 Tenerife to Eindhoven. The cabin was extremely cold and drafty. Several passengers asked the crew to solve the problem, but it was neglected. The crew is working and keep warm, while the passengers sits still and get cold. It seems as they didnt understand and the problem was not solved. The crew was composed of very young and seemingly inexperienced persons. Several passengers including myself, had to put on our coats and huts to combat the coldness and draft. We had a second leg with Transavia with no problems though.
 Washington DC to Dakar. I purchased a round trip ticket to Senegal, West Africa for $2089 on July 28, 2019 for departure on August 9, 2019. A few weeks after I arrived, I was notified that South Africa Airlines was no longer offering service to Senegal. I had to travel four hours one way to Dakar to visit the South African Airways office. That was on September 19, 2019. Once I arrived at the office, I was offered to reroute my flight to Belgium with Brussels Airlines, which was not my choice because it interfered with my connecting flight once I returned to the United States. I would have to return a day earlier than that connecting flight, and I was told that was the only option available to me. South African Airways did nothing to assist me with getting an earlier connecting flight nor did they offer to give me a hotel or compensation for the inconveniences they put me through.
  Vancouver to Manila via Taipei. Good check in at Vancouver with all lounge passes given at that time. Very well organized staff. Business class passengers get a special room where its quieter than the rest of the lounge. Good selection of food and drink. Boarding smooth and left on time. Upon arrival in Taipei informed my connection will be twelve hours late because of a typhoon. My checkin pieces were a tv and a duffle type of bag. TV was okay but the bag was destroyed and wrapped in plastic to keep contents inside. Showed the EVA rep and was compensated for my loss which saved me trip to the EVA office at a later time. 
CANKWLCAN GuangzhouGuilin return by Shenzhen Airlines. 50mins flight offer breakfast with a small break fruit and tea. Aircraft in good condition but a little bit old cabin quite clean FAs service and attitude fare. Inflight announcement in Mandarin cantonese English and Japanesea group of Japanese visitors. In my opinion Shenzhen airlines quality raise faster than other chinese carriers.
  Flew on GA683 Sorong to Jakarta. Check in was quite fast even though only two desks were open. I then proceeded to the local lounge used by GarudaIndonesia. In the lounge soft drinks, tea, coffee, and snacks were provided. It is a small lounge however, the staff are very helpful. When it came time for boarding the process was fast and efficient which allowed us to take off on time. The flight itself was a morning flight and took approx. 3 hours and 35 minutes. I had ordered a diabetic meal which was promptly served to me just after takeoff. The cabin crew were very helpful, and they showed that they really do care about their passengers even for short flight they provided a meal and then before landing a snack.. We arrived in Jakarta right on schedule and I was met at the gate by Garuda PSA Team member was escorted to baggage area. I collected my baggage and was on my way 15 minutes after landing. That is excellent service. Overall, another good flight on GarudaIndonesia.
  Had booked and paid for priority boarding and extra leg rooms seats each way. No priority boarding either sector, told by check in on outward journey by priority desk to go to the other main queue! Did receive allocated seats outward, but not on homeward for our 4 passengers. Staff at PMI seem to ignore any prebooking and allocate as they see fit. No priority homeward either. Plane very cramped and one of us could not even get his drinks tray lowered at all, as it was so cramped and he is not obese. Staff were helpful but a very disappointing end to a nice holiday. Have spoken to Cooks who are arranging a refund but I really do not like this hassle over what should be a straightforward booking. Wont use this airline again.
  I arrived 3 hours in advance as required by all international flights but no agents for LATAM. They didnt show up for an hour. I was fourth in line. I showed LATAM my booking, itinerary confirmed my flight. They refused my booking. Customer service was useless as they wouldnt even call Air Canada to confirm booking. It wasnt until 4 other people were booked on the same flight did they react at the last minute. I wrote a complaint with a ticket number just to never get a response. What a useless airline. I almost missed my flight. 
  Montreal to Boston via Toronto in August 2019. There was a delay from Montral so we missed the flight to Boston because we had a stop in Toronto. As soon as we arrived to Toronto they were professional and suggested a hotel room in order to take the flight the day after, but we have to pay the taxi and we will be refunded. I did so and I sent them all the bills. Im still waiting, I havent received anything and their response in the email is always the same  we are sorry.
 I usually only see negative reviews for airlines specifically when people are furious. I am providing a good review in hopes that airlines will really start to consider customer service and the reliability of the flights that the consumers are purchasing. The United employee the morning of my flight was extremely helpful, organized, and clear. She arrived 30 min before everyone else 3 AM and still helped everyone get in the proper place before TSA or checkin opened. I promptly made it through security and the flight took off on time and as planned. The flight attendants were spectacular and the pilot clearly communicated with updates throughout the flight. Extremely happy with my experience, thank you.
  I flew CityJet from Amsterdam Schiphol to London City. The flight was fully booked and the ground crew suggested at the gate to have our carry on luggages loaded into the baggage compartments because the overhead bin wouldnt be able to accommodate all luggages of the passengers. Very well solved by the crew. The flight was pretty much an uneventful, meaning no delay and smooth. The flight attendants were professional, distributed the refreshments and snacks within the short flight time and did the clean up afterwards 45 minutes of air time. Leg room is more than decent and very comfortable seats. This aircraft is still equipped with the old style seats, almost like a sofa, very soft and comfortable. 
 The service was great from every step. The check in process was easy and the attendant was patient and polite. The flight attendants were welcoming and prompt. My ticket included checked luggage at no additional charge. I will consider Thai Smile in the future when flying.
Perth to Albany F50 early morning flight. Checkin well staffed so no waiting. Aircraft in good condition for its age and seat pitch generous. Friendly crew and a reasonable cooked breakfast served on this 1 hour flight. Departed and arrived ahead of schedule. Excellent service  my only gripe was the fare $201 is a lot for a 400km flight. More than half the seats were empty  they would surely fill more seats if they kept the price down.
  The experience I had with China Airlines was awful from the start. It began at check in when I saw a China Airlines employee holding a sign that said CI005. My booking said CI 007 so I figured I was close to where I needed to be. The China Airlines employee then directed me to the opposite side of the terminal. After walking over there I discovered there was no check in for China airlines. As it turns out the line I needed was directly adjacent to the man that directed me to the other side of the terminal. Didnt even know his own Airlines check in location. After waiting in line for twenty minutes with no movement, they finally started checking in passengers since when are check in counters closed. Once the check in line started to move, they processed one about every five minutes. All the while the premium class ticket check in line was empty and those attendants just sitting doing nothing. You would think if they had no premium passengers to check in they would help the economy line no talking with coworkers was clearly more important. Once I finally arrived at the counter, I was told my carryon wouldnt have to be checked due to weight 8Kg my backpack was heavier but that was OK for some reason.
 What a horrible experience! Both outbound and returning flights were cancelled with no notice. On the Outbound flight to Oaxaca, we waited in line 90 minutes before we were told the flight had been cancelled, then were bumped to a flight 8 hours later, which meant we got to spend the day at Mexico City airport outside of security with our luggage. Our return flight was even worse! It was cancelled and rescheduled for 2 days later! Of course, we had connecting flights in Mexico City that did not allow us to delay 2 days, so we had to book a OAXMEX flight with Aeromexico which was outstanding!. Customer service with Volaris is nonexistent, and back in the US they told us they would not give us any type of refund  only a voucher. 
  Marrakech to London. I was denied boarding despite being at the checking counter with my family well before checkin closing because of overbooking on the flight to Gatwick at Marrakech Airport on 2322020. The Swissport staff were rude and extremely unhelpful and just informed that there are only 3 spaces on the flight for the 4 of us we were made to run around without any solution provided. The gentleman at the ticketing counter asked us to talk to the supervisor  who we had to find by asking around 5 other agents  The supervisor offered to rebook us on a flight 3 days later, without any accommodation or compensation for something that was clearly Air Arabia issue  overbooking which was not acceptable to us. Finally I bought myself a ticket on another airline and came home while my family members went in the scheduled flight. No replies from customer care email for 8 days now. The checkin agents on the ground were extremely rude and focussed on shifting the blame on the passengers rather than finding a solution. Air Arabia business model seems to hinge on overbooking and leaving passengers without any recourse  their business model seems to be lying and cheating. I would give negative overall rating if I could.
 Flew NAM Air from Sorong to Jakarta on Flight No IN587. The check in process was fast and efficient with very friendly staff. We took off on schedule and arrived in Jakarta ahead of schedule. My luggage came out within 10 minutes of landing and was handed to me by NAM Air ground staff. The cabin crew were very friendly and I was very happy with the overall service provided by NAM Air and would certainly fly them again.
  This is the poorest managed company I have ever dealt with. They are late constantly at pickup and drop off. I was on the first flight with three planes waiting and still a hour and half late. No notification until you get to the airport. The one flight crew lady continually slammed doors in the back of the plane the entire flight. I dont know what she was doing because they only give out a small bottle of water. I would rather pay big prices than deal with them.
  Lisbon to Recife with Comfortable and modern aircraft, with inflight entertainment. Cabin crew professional and polite, and were also helpful. Beverages and food on board were enough. 
  Kuala Lumpur to Hong Kong the first leg of a trip to IAD. Checkin at KLIA was very efficient and the checkin staff were very helpful. The boarding process was handled well with CX staff on hand making clear announcements. The plane was old and tired and the tray table was dirty, stained with spilled food and orange juice. On board, the FAs were pleasant and efficient but thats where it ended. There was no personal interaction of any sort. They did their jobs well and efficiently but thats it. The food was disappointing, small portions and not great in flavour. The IFE was good with an extensive choice of programs. Generally an unremarkable experience but we did leave on time.
  Such a scam. No field to enter middle name yet they charge you €50pp for not doing so. First name and Family name asked for. So many other reviews of this on here, TripAdvisor and Facebook so cant believe they are not aware of the issue. More likely they are milking it for profit. Pay it or lose it. Other airlines dont make booking this misleading. We wont fly them again, there are much better reasonably priced airlines in Europe.
  Flight got delayed at Delhi. Subsequently flight which we supposed to catch in Kuwait, missed and Kuwait Airways allocated different flight which made us to wait at Kuwait airport for 4 hrs approx. We expect some refreshments from Kuwait Airways to mitigate the effects of late hours, we are traveling with whole family and badly disturbed by the insensitive attitude of Kuwait Airways.  Crew is good and need more training to get accustomed to different culture customer.
What a welcome surprise fastjet is, giving real competition to Kenya Airways, whose fares are significantly higher. For about 80 less we flew them from Lilongwe Malawi to Dar es Salaam. They departed and arrived on time. The plane was new and comfortable. Yes, they charge for additional services, but the customer has  control of how much beyond the very low fare they want to spend for advance booking, more advantageous seating, baggage, and food. Even with all the extras, our fare remained very low.
Flew Brisbane to Nadi with Fiji Airways. Lets make this evaluation in two rounds First check inground services provided weak. If you consider that Fiji is hiring a lady to welcome and greet you for check in, she could not be more apathetic. Id rather suggest Fiji to have a machine checking us in instead. Secondly a very old aircraft. However, lunch, drinks and service were the highest point aboard.
  My Husband and I purchased round trip tickets from Monterrey Tampico TampicoMonterrey and I was notified that our return flight was canceled due to the Covid but I had a Choice to take a later flight next day but this doesnt work for us because were traveling from the USA into Monterrey and from Monterrey back to the USA on United Airlines we just bought flights to get to where we needed to go in Mexico from Viva Aerobus. When I contacted the airline and explain to them that I had to catch another flight on the 13 back to the USA and I couldnt take a later flight because I will be missing my other flight and the choices they were offering me will not work for me and that I would like my money back, the woman told me that it was not one of my choices and hung up on me with out any other explanation. I called back and explained everything to the next person again and she told me that I will not be getting my money back and that I should not depend on Viva Aerobus to honor my flights or be able to flight on the day of my reservations. So now I have to find another way to get back to Monterrey on my dime so that I can catch my United Airlines back to the USA. I will tell everyone else that a Viva Aerobus representative told me that I should never depend on them to honor my flight because they are not a dependable airline.
  East London to London via Johannesburg. Huge credit to SAA for providing a consistently excellent service onboard and on the ground. For passengers departing South Africa to Europe and many other routes, they have an amazing deal for excess baggage with an extra 3 bags allowed at 450 ZAR per bag just over GBP20 compared to KQ, BA and ET all charging 7 times that  a massive advantage for long term residents travelling heavy. Good entertainment and three nice meal choices, with unlimited, quality alcohol throughout the overnight flight to London and also on the short domestic flights continue to set them apart. Dont expect never ending smiles from young staff, but this is part of the appeal. Very sad to hear SAA are pulling out of East London next year. We experienced some hectic storms on both journeys, but both pilots kept passengers updated and transfer at ORT was efficient.
  Singapore to Kupang via Jakarta onboard GA829 and GA448. The checkin as well as the boarding process was smooth and the staff was efficient and helpful. The cabin crew for both flight were nice and kind. For the in flight entertainment, the touch screen was responsive but quite slow and the movie content was not so uptodate. The food was okay. Both flights arrived on time and there was no delay in the luggage as well. Overall, it was a pleasant journey.
 This airline has all the hallmarks of an airline emerging from bankruptcy. From the no inflight meals, to the excess fees boarding pass fees!, to the glitchy online checkin process, all the way down to their water bottle policies. Before my flight they said the water limit is 100ml which everyone knows is basically one sip of water. Clearly this was intended to make you purchase inflight water. So I had to throw away two entire bottles of water because of terrible corporate policies. Someone is gonna have to answer alot of questions on the day of judgment when they are asked about how much water they wasted for money. Also why do they have so many flight attendants if they arent serving food and trying to boost revenue after emerging from bankruptcy? Classic corporate mismanagement across every level. Rock hard seats, poor technology, terrible fee policies  everything about my experience was sour.
  Xian to Beijing. The inflight service is ok, but the planes are looking worn. Checking in online simply dont work thats not very 5 star but on my first flight, I checked on via the kiosk and everything worked, it took more than a few tries though.  On my second flight, the kiosk wouldnt work, so I went to the counter. This was a connecting flight, but the gate agent said she was unable to print a connecting boarding pass. Then she decided she couldnt check my bags through either. She said it wasnt possible. I now had to collect my bag and recheck it. After a 30 minute delay I collect my bag, and proceed to a kiosk to pick up my next boarding pass.  I then wait 35 minutes in line to get to the ticket counter only to be told that they couldnt issue a boarding pass there for a flight they werent trained on. The staff at Beijing are apparently poorly trained contractors. So, I spent the next five hours in a windowless hall. In Beijing you clear customs, then check in, so youre kind of stuck, with no services, waiting for someone who felt like operating the printer to get a boarding pass. Ill give them plenty of credit for their lounge in Beijingaside from the weirdly uncomfortable chairs, the staff and food selection was the best in the business.
  A mandatory COVID test has to be provided at Delhi Airport before I can proceed to my home state Kerala. I missed my connection flight because I was at the airport waiting for results. I emailed Vistara and there was no reply. The airport said that they have instructed the airline to provide a reschedule. After speaking to the Vistara office I am told the next flight is tomorrow and I will have to pay for the next flight. 
  Wonderful flight. Extremely professional crew and delicious food. I didnt love the seat and found it a bit narrow compared to others, but didnt detract from the experience. Would recommend.
  Got upgraded via the online offer system  paid just under 12 of the fare to fly Business class so I understand that my review is not for the full fare on this route. This was my only experience flying anything besides economy class  so I dont really have much to compare it too. Upon boarding I got the rearmost row to myself, as there were only three other people in the cabin. The most noticeable thing was the lack of an IFE system in the seat, instead you get given an iPad in a rather nice RB branded case with a selection of films and TV shows. The quantity of content wasnt as comprehensive as Emirates or Qantas, however what was there was good  and easily enough for a 2h flight. Might be worth mentioning that the particular episode of a TV show I ended up watching was censored pretty heavily  Ive seen lines being cut before but it makes you wonder what the point of having a show like that is if most of the comedy has to be cutblurred out. The main point I would like to really commend on is how welcome I felt, as a backpacker who just wanted to try Business for the experience on the cheap I really appreciate how despite obviously not belonging there considering how well dressed the other passengers were the cabin crew made it seem normal and relaxing. Even though I didnt get to use the lounge in Singapore it was definitely worth the extra for that flight  however the economy on their A320s isnt too much of a downgrade for me at least, especially considering it would have been nearly 3x cheaper than the full business fare. 
 Terrible service at the transfer desk, it took 4 hours and caused me to miss the flight, employees are not skilful and very messy, they not friendly and dont care about passengers.
  Avoid Asianas HonoluluIncheon route. Super old aircraft with a six inches IFE screen. Very limited entertainment, around 10 movies in total that you dont even want to watch because the screen is small and old. I dont understand why Asiana will deploy an old aircraft with limited entertainment for a long haul flight. Please use these old aircrafts for short hauls. The only saving grace was the food! Delicious and more than enough in terms of quantity. Two full meals for a 9hour flight.
  I bought a ticket Madrid to Cairo. I requested a refund due to not being able to travel in March 2020. My ticket allowed a refund with a small penalty. 9 months have passed and I still have not received my refund. I have written many times to Customer Service. But they just say they will forward the problem to another department. I have called the assistance phone number, but they only put a recording in Arabic.
 Do not recommend. Have been multiple flights with this airline and always delayed. Do not have sufficient flights to operate causing delays. Also seats are uncomfortable. Mostly getting booked due to low prices but go for IndiGo.
  KLM used to be an excellent airline. Last September we flew Toulouse France to Vancouver with change of planes in Amsterdam. When checking in online, about 18 hours before flight time, I found that the first leg of the flight had been rescheduled to a later time so that we could not make the connection to Vancouver. KLM had never contacted me about this change. I phoned KLM and our Toulouse flight was changed to an early morning departure, so that we could make the connection. This necessitated leaving a family get together and extra charges for an airport hotel, and taxi. I claimed those expenses from KLM. After over three months, KLM replied, saying that as I had booked online on the KLM website, KLM had no obligation to notify me, but I had an obligation to keep checking for changes in the schedule. So it was my fault and I was entitled to no compensation. Every other airline I know, even low cost ones, never fails to email customers about schedule changes. So KLM had the gall to blame the victim, me, for their poor service. 
Manchester with Karthargo and had a 5 hour delay  but we had read all these comments so were well stocked and got an £8 voucher for food for our trouble. Flight ok  clean food was ok outbound and generally fine apart from the delay. Return spot on time wise and flight equally as fun. Food was awful but that was personal preference. All in all cheap flight which included food so you get what you pay for  just go with an open mind minipicnic plenty to read and you will be fine.
  Curacao to Aruba. Worst airline ever. For a change the airline left early. We did not get any notification at all and nothing was the matter when we checked in the night before. We were well in time at the airport, but no plane for us. Next available flight was only a day later, after much trouble we got on a flight 6 hours later! No apology or acknowledgement at all, service staff just shut up and looked the other way. No compensation offered for anything, even though its their responsibility. Avoid if you can!!
 Party of 4, 2 couples traveling together, last minute 1 hour before our seats changed. I upgraded everyone to row 11, now one is in 11, 3 are in 26th row. We were told the plane changed and we cant honor your seat selection. Poor customer service. We were not the only party where the seats changed. When I called customer service he stated well this happens occasionally
  I was departing from the Kansai Osaka terminal 2. Terrible check in service. The person was in a terrible mood and it showed.  I checked in online and the website told me my check in was incomplete and I needed to check in at the counter. My turn in line came and the person took my passport. He asked for my seat number. I didnt have it since my online check in was incomplete. We had a little dispute where he mentioned I needed to provide him a seat number and I told him I dont have it and needed to complete my check in at the counter. I went to the colleague beside him since I just needed my tickets. He told his colleague to stop, asked me to stop wasting other peoples time, and told me to come back over. He eventually printed my tickets. Not to mention my checked in luggage was slightly off symmetrical from the luggage belt. He told me to adjust it. 
We travelled from Melbourne to Rio De Janeiro within Brazil Argentina and back to Melbourne via Santiago. 6th October29th October with a total of 12 flights. There was a problem in Buenos Aires which meant we missed our connecting flight home from Santiago. We were tired and unwell. We were so grateful for the excellent assistance and kindness we received from airline staff in Santiago.
  Absolute joke of an airline! Turn up at the airport to board a 8am flight to be told weve been delayed 24 hours due to maintenance issues. Not sure how airlines can get away with this.
A flight from Beijing to Shanghai was delayed for about 4 hours because the aircraft had some safety and technical problems. The normal procedure is to be booked on any of the various other flights that go every hour. However Shanghai Airlines refused to do so and gave no information during the waiting time when the airplane will take off. The customer service was disrespectful. At first they denied the fact that plane was delayed. Replies took a very long time. Compensation was not offered.
  Never flying Kuwait Airways again. Absolutely terrible service and staff. For a 12 hour flight, we received our first meal and then nothing again for 10 hours. If you want a drink or snack you have to go to the back and ask for it and even then we were refused several times saying well get coffee later, or theres no more snacks , and just plain no when asking for a soda. The staff are rude and attitude written all over their face. Food on the flight is also horrible. Also entertainment on the screens were very very limited.
I booked two Norse Airlines flights and it is doubtful that I will ever be booking another one. A great budget airline if nothing goes wrong however, any complaint will go unresolved. My flight from NYC to London Gatwick was all right. You can only receive your official Norse boarding pass 23 hours before your flight actually arrives, so expect to be waiting in yet another line at the airport. The movie selection changes often and is lackluster compared to most other airlines. To their credit they are a budget airline. If youre flying Norse, the goal is to get from point A to point B as cheaply as possible. At least that was my goal, and it was going great! That is until I tried to fly from Berlin to my home country of the United States. Heres where my real complaint begins. At Norse, you are at the mercy of the employee who gives you your official boarding pass if something goes wrong, youre on your own because they have very few staff members to help you. After waiting in the Norse line for 1 hour, they finally began signaling for prospective passengers to receive boarding passes. Unfortunately, I approached the most unfriendly woman I have met in my entire life and I worked in food service for 2 years. From the beginning, she was impatient and rude, rolling her eyes when I asked simple questions and asked if she spoke English. Then she proceeded to claim that my bag was too large to count as a personal item. I was backpacking in Europe for 22 days and boarded multiple flights using budget airlines like easyJet and Ryanair. My backpack fit in all personal item containers, including the Norse Airlines container from NYC to London Gatwick. It is also worth mentioning that all 3 of my travel companions with the same size backpacks were met with Norse employees who happily provided them with personal item tags. This service worker charged me $65 and classified my bag as a carryon item it also fit underneath my seat on the flight. When asked for her employee ID number so I could file a complaint, she declined. 
Sydney  Noumea. Didnt know what to expect from this smaller airline. Was a full flight with school holidays over. Staff at the gate were a combination of Qantas and Air Calin crew. Aircraft was a modern A330. Helps to have a small understanding of French because the crew will address you in French first. Really impressed by meal service. A full tray with salad bread main and dessert. Landing in Noumea on second attempt due to a goaround but crew were very professional throughout the flight. Entertainment system only covered a limited selection in comparison to other carriers.
  Brussels to Beijing. Requested a window seat day before but was given a seat in middle section of 1x2x1.  Inflight entertainment system broke down 3 times and my handset didnt work. Brussels Airport luggage took nearly 2hr to arrive in baggage hall. Staff were helpful but operationally this airline needs a good kick.
  Terrible service. Just back from a lovely holiday in Crete, while hotel and resort was fine, we would never travel with TUI again. The seats on the plane were extra small, could hardly get tray down and trying to get bag under seat during flight was impossible. Heraklion airport was the worst airport I was ever in, it was like a cattle market, thousands of people with not enough seating. No air conditioning, flights cancelled, diverted and delayed, we were delayed nearly 3 hours. As much as we loved Crete, never again. 
HarbinShanghai on B737. Seat was fine inflight entertainment nonexistent. Food wise was typical Chinese snacks and drink rounds sufficient. Flight attendants were prompt in responding to requests. It was followed by another flight ShanghaiSingapore on B767. The seat was fine inflight entertainment was minimal. Food wise was again Chinese snacks. I dont mind flying China EasternShanghai Airlines due to cheap airfares however inflight entertainment could be improved upon.
  My experience at the front desk was very unpleasant. On our ticket it indicated Madrid T1 but the airport screens indicated T2. So we went to T2 where they told us that we had to board through T1. We went to T1 and there was no staff at the indicated number. So we went back to T2 indicating to the priority person that there were no personnel in the indicated place and once again the screen indicated that our checkin area was terminal 1. The priority person only went to check the airport screen when we took out the platinum for life card. What a shame really. Our first and only flight on Air Europa. Mi experiencia en el front desk fue muy desagradable. En nuestro ticket indicaba T1 pero las pantallas del aeropuerto indicaban T2. Asi que nos dirigimos al T2 donde nos indicaron que teniamos que abordar por el T1. Fuimos al T1 y no habia personal en la numero indicado. Asi que volvimos al T2 indicandole a la persona de priority que no habia personal en el lugar indicado y yna vez mas que la pantalla indicaba que nuestra area de cheking in era terminal 1. La persona de priority solamente fue a revisar la pantalla del aeropuerto cuando sacamos la tarjeta platinum for life. Que verguenza realmente. Nuestro primer y unico vuelo en Air Europa. 
  Manila to Singapore. Amazing staff on flight 3K764 Monday 20th August. Late leaving Mania and I was concerned about making my connection in Singapore. Staff contacted Singapore ground staff to find out the gate we would arrive at and where my connection would depart. They also sat me at the front of the plane before landing so I could make leave the aircraft quickly. Thank you for all your help on Monday 20th August, amazing customer service.
  Osaka to Los Angeles. JAL has high quality service, and on the Boeing 777 has only 8 seats per row rather than 9 in economy class, providing additional width space. Legroom was spacious on this flight. All in all a great flight, save the delay bit less than 1h and the choice of movies.
  Copenhagen to Toronto via Keflavik. The worst company When i came from states to Europe they didnt charge me for my personal item. But when I travelled from Europe to Toronto for the same personal item they charged me 100$. This is ridiculous with the same personal small bag. I will never fly with this company again. They rip you off.
The plane was a CRJ operated by Skywest. I was warmly greeted at the door by a very nice FA. Service was excellent. The seating on the CRJ is 22 rather than 33 on the larger planes. The plane was very comfortable and quiet. No entertainment system due to the short flight.
 The flight had a delay of nearly 40 minutes  that was entirely caused by the fact a large group of passengers from a connecting flight from Africa was boarding. One attendant at the gate had to do an inspection of all the passports, boarding passes and vaccination proofs or covid corona tests for a fully booked plane. All the passengers were taking far too many and too heavy cabin bags on board so some had be checked in as extra luggage. FA had to do a lot of work. Flight was smooth  at the airport in Hamburg another delay 50 minutes waiting for the luggage  Once again another unpleasant experience with this company.
  I tried for 24 hours to check in but their website would not recognize my booking code. I contacted my agency, they confirmed the code was correct and said I would have to check in at the airport. My flight was at 555 am leaving Mexico city which is a confusing airport to begin with and I was only able to arrive at the proper terminal just after 5 which is not Copaa fault however the people at the desk would not let me check in saying the gate was closed an hr before the flight left however I cant help but think I could have still made it. I asked what I should then do and they gave me a number with the quietest assistant Ive ever heard on the other end who was unable to offer anything close to help. I went back to the desk to find it empty. every other airline desk was staffed except for Copa for a full hour and a half while myself and other people waited for help. I eventually had to buy 2 new tickets as I was going to miss my connector as well, and after buying them, I attempted to check in for them right away. after waiting inline for another 45 min after the staff finally came back, I was turned away as they said they would not check in other flights until after they had finished booking the current on and to come back in an hr and a half. I did and they had issues printing my boarding pass, then a supervisor was required who was half an hour late. finally after another 20 min I had a boarding pass with no seat registered. I inquired and they said they had overbooked the flight and that there was no guarantee of a seat which would again mean I would miss my connector and have to buy a 5th ticket from them. eventually I did get a seat on that flight however I will go out of my way to not fly with Copa again. Their web site not recognizing a valid reservation code, the non existent phone help, the 1 12 hour pause with no staff at the desk, the complete lack of any attempt to make any of the situation easier, the complete lack of any sense of urgency, and the possibility of missing a connector because of their ineptitude was astonishing. If youre planning a relatively complicated trip, I would go with a company with better reviews.
  Terrible service. Mean and unkind employees. Left me waiting 46 minutes to find a wheelchair. Doesnt have enough staff to operate wheelchair or check everyone in. Horrible food.
RUHJED. Another good flight with Nas Air. The flight left on time was not too crowded and an emergencyexit seat was definitely appreciated. The Arab and Eastern European cabin crew made an effort to seat us comfortably serve promptly collect rubbish and smile throughout. While the plane was old it seemed to be a secondhand exSpanish Airbus it didnt have the tired feeling of many other discount carriers.
  Bogota to Pereira. I was charged as much as the ticket cost because my 5kg backpack was 5cm too tall. It ended up fitting perfectly fine in length in the baggage bins, I have travelled all over the world with this same backpack on many different low cost airlines. For me this feels like a scam.
  I am type 1 diabetic. An hour into my flight I had a very bad low that was crashing. I had eaten my own snack but that did not suffice. I asked an attendant if she could get me a glass of apple or orange juice and she proceeds to tell me most people carry their own snacks, I explained to her I did and its still crashing, I just need sugar. She said she could get me water. I had to tell her again I need sugar not water. Eventually another attendant comes and gives me 4 squares of chocolate. I was never checked on or asked if I needed anything else.  I will never fly with Swoop again.
 Aeromexico is a terrible airline  buyer beware! Think twice before you book a flight, and make sure you read the fine print every time. I have traveled to hundreds of cities, and I have never experienced such a terrible level of service. I purchased a ticket, confirmed my flight and I was bumped from the flight at the last minute because they didnt have enough seats. Of course, one would expect a refund having paid for a flight and being denied boarding, but even this was not confirmed at the gate and the airline said I need to reach out by phone. Heres the catch  Aeromexico has no customer support phone line! They only accept emails. This is incredibly frustrating and borderline manipulative. Do not fly AeroMexico!
  Athens to Sitia. Passengers are forced by ground staff at ATH to use the selftagging system of luggage without any efficient help or guidance. Response of indifferent handling agents It is the companys policy. Worst checkin experience ever. Cabin crew should better get rid of haughty attitude towards passengers and shape up with some professionalism
Johannesburg  Port Elizabeth  Johannesburg. Outbound Friendly checkin. Superb SLOW lounge at JNB with excellent buffet breakfast. No priority boarding. Rather old 737300 with tatty interior. Economytype seating. FAs attentive. Breakfast served at 11.45 am and rejected after two previous breakfasts one on Virgin flight the other in lounge. Plane seemed to have a pressurisation problem so a rather painful descent. Inbound Speedy checkin and through passport control in 5 minutes. Reasonable Premiere lounge. Old 737400 with ashtray in toilet. Attentive FAs and better than usual lunch. Baggage handling quick. Overall good flights and better than Club Europe.
ZRHSOF. No delays quite interesting flight magazine charming attendants. Overall really pleasant 2 hours flight.
  I paid 244 dollars for a ticket from Amsterdam to Barcelona. Instead of leaving at 7.15am the flight leaves at 10.25am because they said they were trying to replace 2 crew members who fell ill last minute.  The guy at the gate counter who only showed up at around 9am said that because of the delay, I was supposedly eligible to a meal at the airport. Upon trying to make a purchase in 3 different locations, no credit reflected on my ticket. When I asked about it at the gate, they said I should call the customer service line, which I tried, but as its all automated, and my inquiry does not reflect in the automated options, there was no luck getting the voucherdiscount. I then asked about an email but they couldnt provide me with one and I was told to approach the Vueling desk in Barcelona. The cabin crew was polite and as a lowcost airline they do not offer beverages or food unless you pay for it. Once in Barcelona, I stood an hour in line at the customer service desk. The agent said that they dont do returns or vouchers on delays under 5 hours. That I could check online for my options.  This trip was a waste of time and cost too much for the service I was provided.
  The trip, staff and checking in were fine. However, when I claimed my checked in bag and headed towards the taxi rank, I found that my 4 wheeled, hard case bag was not performing properly. Upon arrival at my hotel for the night, I saw that my bag had been smashed and one wheel had been broken off. It seems that the bag may have been opened, since the attached combination lock has disappeared but there was no sticker indicating that it had been opened. The bag was as new before putting it through baggage checkin.  This is very disappointing, not to mention being costly to me. I watched the baggage being unloaded from my seat. The handlers were certainly not being gentle with anyones luggage.
  Cardiff to Rhodes. The flights both ways were very good although outward in return flights were both delayed for a short while. The crew were excellent and very friendly and helpful. However, our experience in Rhodes airport was not good. We travelled as a party of nine five adults, an eight year old, a six year old, a four year old and a three year old. As the lead member I felt responsible for our party. When we were directed to our check in desk I double checked with the Tui representative in the airport that we were at the Cardiff check in. Her reply was very patronising in its nature, thats why I sent you here. She was not very pleasant at all. We were told briefly on the coach to the airport that we would have to weigh our luggage then take it to be scanned but I dont think it was explained clearly enough. However, the departure gate was very confusing. We were told that we were going from departure gate 7. We got there but the door was shut. We waited and eventually an airport assistant told us we had to go to passport control first then proceed through departure lounges 4, 5  6 to reach gate 7. We queued up after this only to realise that we were in the Luton queue, also going from gate 7. None of the monitors around us displayed the procedure. I understand that this is not Tuis fault but perhaps the representatives could explain this on the coach to the airport? This is not a complaint against Tui but a procedure which detracted from our good experience with Tui.
  The boarding protocol and check engine took so long that they couldnt depart at 1 am, then, around 2 am, Lima airport stop Sky Airline flying, because of being so late. In consequence, all the passengers had to wait until 5 am to do can flight to Miami. Many of us lost international connections because of this, with no solution just excuses. Avoid a headache and waste of time and money.
  My flight from Zurich to Paris was an hour late.  My return flight experience was worse I paid for a Sige Plus 11D with extra legroom. However, there were no such seats no emergency exit seats on the Embraer 170. I now have to spend time filing an online claim for a reimbursement. My baggage was not delivered in Zurich. This is not the first time my bags have been lost by Air France even in a tiny terminal like 2G in Paris.  The bag finally arrived at Zurich airport this morning, one and a half days late. The local transporter never contacted me to schedule delivery. I had to call AF and insist on getting the local transporters telephone number. I was told the bag was on its way, despite the fact that nobody had called me to check if I was home. I was told it would be with me between 3 and 5 p.m. No bag arrived. I then called the transporter again, who checked and said the driver claimed I was not at home. Hello! I had stayed at home the entire day. I did not even take a shower in case the driver came with my bag at exactly that time. This was a blatant lie by the driver. I then insisted that they make a delivery and I now have another two interval I need to block in the evening. In the best case scenario, I will have spent my entire day waiting at home for a bag. Between AF and the useless local transporter, I have wasted two days. Is this how AF treats its passengers? Is a Flying Blue Gold member impressed by this experience? I am very frustrated by the utter lack of professionalism from start to finish. 
  Only words of gratitude for the promptness and attention of the crew  to the passengers. Departed on time, back from Bangkok late for 1.5 hours. Good quality food, drinks to choose from including alcohol. Against this background, the work of the customer support service stands out sharply within 2 weeks they could not deal with booking tickets based on a voucher. Ultimately, we ourselves solved all the problems without their participation. Disgraceful work!
  I only flew Southwest once many years ago before flying with Southwest during the Christmas holiday in 2022. My first flight was booked by a corporate travel agency and that is why I flew Southwest years ago. I was among the thousands of travelers who were stranded during the last week in December 2022. I thought Southwest was genuinely trying to make things right with travelers by offering 25,000 reward points, When I went to redeem the points, I was shocked to learn that they had expired because I did not redeem them by March 31, 2023. If the points are not supposed to expire, why have a deadline to redeem the points? This tactic solidified my initial gut feeling about Southwest. I will never fly them again!
  One of the primary concerns relates to the confusion surrounding the layover at Bali. We had confirmed not once, but three times, that my elderly parents, who are not fluent in English, did not need to disembark the plane during the layover. However, to our dismay, they were taken off the aircraft and instructed to obtain new boarding passes and seats. This unnecessary inconvenience caused distress to my parents, who were already facing language barriers and challenges navigating the airport environment. Furthermore, there was frequent changes in flight details were incredibly frustrating. The flight timings, transit arrangements, and layover duration were altered multiple times, causing significant confusion and inconvenience. Such unpredictability is challenging for all the elderly passengers unfamiliar with English and relying on clear communication and consistent schedules.
  New York JFK to Dubai via Kuwait. Very spacious legroom for economy but frequent Late flights. IFE had a small selection of movies, cabin Crew extremely rude and unprofessional. Ground Staff rude and unhelpful. Transfer experience at Kuwait is confusing and difficult. Kuwait Airport lacks many facilities common in most international airports Review I initially booked this flight because it was the cheapest option to Dubai, around $60 cheaper than the competition big mistake. I did not have a single flight with Kuwait, either on my way to Dubai or back that was on time. From JFK, my flight was delayed for 3 hours, causing me to miss my connection to Dubai. They put us in a Hotel on Airport property, which, although had a good view of the apron, was a subpar hotel. The ground staff do not know how to do their job correctly. They are rude, and the airport lacks proper signage. You are bussed around from terminal to terminal with no real staff presence to guide you. We almost missed our flight to JFK because the gate was labeled Mumbai, so we didnt know that it was intended for New York. Kuwait Airport doesnt even seem qualified to be a domestic airport, lacking proper signage and two distant terminals which youre bussed around in. Ground crew does not care about you, and show no interest or courtesy when dealing with you. The same can be said with the cabin crew. They are rude, and do not know how to treat passengers. The meal timings are horrible, as they leave many passengers extremely hungry for long hours on the plane, and water service is extremely selective. Youd think an airline knows when to give out water and food. They also gave us no details about our stop in Shannon on our way back to JFK and could not be seen for much of the flight. The only good part about the flight was the legroom, which was spacious. However, that is not a reason for booing Kuwait over any other competent airline. Do not book Kuwait, they dont care about customers and lack the competency to even communicate basic necessary facts to customers.
  Worst airline option in Mexico! Flight are usually delayed and customer service is really poor. They make you pay for carry on luggage and then force you to checked bags.
  Awful experience. Plane was late leaving UK and returning with no explanation at check in. Both ways we had a very long wait no seating whilst waiting for the gate to open. We had a 4 year old with us but were not offered a complimentary bottle of water and drinks on board the plane were extortionate. Will not fly with this airline again.
DXBKWISAW Istanbul Sabiha Goken Airport return. For a low cost airline I was impressed with the online booking system inflight comfort leather seats good legroom free IFE bring your own headset or buy one on board and connecting flight service. The showsmovies were a mix of Arabic and English as was the audio channels x2 English only. All flights left and arrived on time. The area I found a bit inconsistent was the cabin crew. On some flights the crew were attentive and knew what they were doing. By contrast on other sectors the cabin crew had an I dont know attitude. Of particular concern was on the flight out of SAW whereby the safety demonstration was still being played on the IFE as the plane took off! Cant blame the pilots here but begs the question as to what an Earth the cabin crew were doing! For a young airline they have an excellent product but need to make their service a bit more consistent. The product comfort in terms of seats and IFE are amongst the best Ive seen on any narrow body aircraft and provided they keep the prices low Id highly recommend them.
Virgin America customer service at Las Vegas check in counter is excellent. My husband and I tried to check in for returning to New York, not realizing our flight was a day ahead! A lady there kept the situation so cool and accommodate to rebook the flight for that day. On top of it, she somehow managed to cut our cost to zero. I have been traveling for many years yet, I have never experienced such curtesy and professional serives from any of the airlines. The Virgin America staff made us feel so safe and made her ways to clean up our mess. Virgin America  we really appreciate your help!!
Here are the basics flight delayed twice, no sign change put up at the gate, over 100 people waiting in line for over and hour, since the sign said it was boarding the entire time with no announcement. 25 People waiting in line to book a new connecting flight since the now delayed flight which we had to figure out on our own would make everyone miss their connection, we are not spoken to, rather told to board the plane with a 5050 shot you could rebook your connection in Dallas. Get to Dallas, no flights until the next day, and we have to pay for our hotel room? What a wonderful way to end my vacation. Never again will my money go towards this airline or their partners.
  Paris to New York. Flight was cancelled and no refund, this before Covid19. The customer service doesnt answer their phone or hung up when they dont want to speak with you. My flight date was changed two times which wasnt possible for me. I called Eurowings to say I needed a cancellation and refund because I could not make the new date. The guy I spoke to cancelled the flight and said I would receive a full refund within 10 days. 1 month later, I still dont have a refund. I have tried calling several times and either people say they cant help or they hang up very professional or they put me through to another number that doesnt pick up.
 First return flight with Virgin America from New York JFK to San Francisco. Announced delay of 130hrs due the weather but the weather at SFO is 10mph wind with rain and other flights are taking off to there. When I gently asked the ground staff whats the issue and to tell me about the weather impact on our flight schedule she was unpleasant not willing to talk about the topic. This gives me the feeling that this company is not honest with passengers.
 First time flying Air Canada and very disappointed for a flagship airline. Bought expensive long haul tickets and then they want you to pay £50 each to choose seats next to each other. Flight was delayed two hours for technical issues then another hour while they tried to find volunteers to give up their seat due to over booking. Once on the plane we sat there for an hour before take off and had to ask three different staff for headphones so we could watch the entertainment system while we waited. Would expect this service off a cheap airline but not Air Canada
Scheduled to depart Manchester at 11.55 hrs Saturday 13th September delayed for just short of 10 hours very little information dripped to the passengers other than a fault trying to source a spare part from another Manchester based airline then an aircraft being sent to us from Munich which was also delayed. The cabin crew on the journey to Antalya obviously knew of the problems because they sought sanctuary behind the curtain at the front of the cabin. When they ventured beyond the curtains it was in pairs did they believe they needed protection. The return journey was the second worst I have experienced. We left Erca about 15 minutes early on the 20th September. The majority of the seats would not lock in the upright position when the aircraft accelerated for takeoff we were all thrown back into the laps of the passengers behind us  surely there are safety measures being breached there. Upon arrival at Antalya where we were supposed to remain on the aircraft we were told to get off and headed into a corner of the departure area. We were told information would be provided in ten minutes I still await this information. Someone did say the aircraft needed a tyre change this does not require the evacuation of passengers and removal of baggage. I now understand it was to transport delayed passengers to their destination. Why was this service not offered to us at Manchester on our departure date an Onur Air aircraft arrived to take undelayed passengers to Dalaman airport.
Terrible is the only word left in my mind after a flight with Cubana I upgraded my wife and I to Business class on the outbound flight upon arriving at our seats there were two members of staff that begrudgingly vacated when asked. The flight had no inflight entertainment and the safety video was abandoned why? The inbound flight was the worst! Firstly Cubana cancelled our flight opting to fly us to France then we had to arrange our own swap of tickets before boarding. The staff were exceptionally rude one attendant threw my wifes inflight meal at her!
  I should have learned from my siblings. They got stranded by Volaris in December. I booked four tickets for my mother who flew from Los Angeles to Mexico Cityand family members that she was visiting. They showed up to the airport in Tapachula Mexico, and were told there were no reservation. My credit card had been charged and everything was supposed to be good to go. I called the customer service and the gentleman was useless. All he said, there was a problem with your card and you need to rebook. I was flaming hot. I explained my card had already been charged and he said, theres nothing he can do because thats a finance issue. I asked him to connect me to them, he said he couldnt. He said my money would be returned and it was a week later. How can there be an issue if they refunded my money? This airline is unreliable. My siblings had similar experience. Pay a little more and skip Volaris.
 Do not fly Virgin post covid! They will cancel flights, delay flights all day and not accommodate or compensate you. Useless staff and business management. Have had a few trips booked in with them over the last few months and have lost over 50 hours of airport delayscancelled flights and $1000 on rebooking flights. We will never use again.
  Their customer service is terrible and website barely functions. They have a chat bot that does literally nothing attached screenshot and was not able to make any changes to my flight because the website is broken screenshot also attached. When calling the support number it rings for 5 minutes then just hangs up on me. How am I supposed to administer or make changes to my flight? Absolutely useless.
  Im calling the airline just now, had to wait 45 minutes, asked about the PCR test, operator acts as if he never heard about it. I say  you sell trips to Greece , so you must know what are the conditions, and he hangs up the phone. For weeks on end, there are waiting lines for 5060 minutes, and they never fix it. Disgrace and very rude. Customer unfriendly.
  Worst experience I have ever had with an airline. Flight cancelled in early March 2020. Cannot seem to get a refund after months of emails and phone calls. Consistent lying and unforeseen delays, I believed this excuse at the beginning but it has been over a year now and really dont believe this is a legitimate airline.
  Portland to Klamath Falls one way. Flight was delayed about an hour due to the need to get a part for the aircraft from another plane. Ground staff did their best to keep passengers in the loop. Aircraft was clean enough, but is clearly an old plane. Onboard service was friendly and professional. The single aisle row seems to be the most comfortable.
  Santa Marta to Bogota. Shocking airline, misleading. Spent 2 hours on the phone to change a reservation then at the end the lady said it was not possible. When I logged in to select baggage purchase what I didnt realize is they automatically select all the extra services so when I clicked on the baggage I was actually unclicking it. The result was I paid 150K pesos for a bunch of charges and then when I arrived at the gate they told me I had not selected baggage and they charged me 200K pesos for 2 bags at the gate. I fly budget airlines in the USA and Europe and they play fair.
  We got ripped off when we went to counter to check in. They said we have to pay €124 because I didnt check in online and I wasnt allowed to check in online at that stage. This is in addition to the delay and poor check in process. The total amount of our ticket was €140 and we paid the same amount just for a check in. 
  Perth to Johannesburg. This was by far the most economic way to get to Johannesburg from Sydney. Qantas, my usual rise, was roughly double for direct service. Flying to Perth first with Virgin meant all my check in and boarding cards were issued in Sydney. Not having any checked baggage meant a clean passage through from Sydney to Johannesburg. Flight to Perth was fine, nice shiny A330300 and typical Virgin cheerfulness. Now the SAA experience. Perth airport, Terminal 1, is a dismal place for an international departures terminal. Being a Qantas FF meant little and could not enter the lounge there run by Qantas but for other airlines. The lack of F  B amenity is simple to explain Perth is not a major destination for international airlines. It is linked to the rest of the world with Emirates, Cathy I assume and Singapore airlines plus a few others. The boarding process was fine, seat was comfortable and a smooth ride. One single meal service in the evening which I declined having had something at the terminal a burger and chips fills the gap. No snacks or refreshment between meals. Breakfast I usually avoid and so it was the case here. Smooth landing and into Johannesburg at 4.30 am. Out of the terminal doors by 4.55am. SAA are remind me a bit of British Airways. Good in parts, not so good in others and they get you there safely. It would be nice if they could have a little bit more of Africa in their overall experience.
  I found out when I went to get my boarding pass they overbooked the flight and I no longer could get anything until 2 days later. The people were incredibly rude and the supervisor literally left and started helping people for 40 min when he was supposed to be doing something for us. Compensations I was offered was $8 for food, $100 credit no way Im using them again. I called later and was hung up by customer service twice. I think that sums up the absolute embarrassment of a company this is and they should be ashamed of the people they hire. The 2 supervisors I talked to were the worst of them all.
  Casablanca to Madrid. The Check in for the flight was handled by Royal air Maroc staff, who were 20 mins late in opening check in due to an issue with a previous flight. It was a friday afternoon and only half of the immigration counters were open which resulted in an hour long wait to clear immigration. I wandered down to the boarding gate to wait for our flight. It was time to board but there was no aircraft at the gate. We were provided no infomation by Royal air Maroc ground staff about the flight or expected departure time 18.40. I discovered that the flight had not left Madrid. There was no food vouchers offered, no information provided regarding compensation for flight delays flights to the EU or details about the delay. The flight from Madrid arrived a little under three hours late. We were bussed to the aircraft which was parked some distance away despite having our boarding gate E1 free. The crew apologised for the delay and told us they had to swap an aircraft due to a technical issue. The CRJ 1000 has a narrow cabin and the seat was comfortable but a little tight. There were no complimentary drinks or snacks offered on board by the crew despite the long delay. After landing the aircraft taxied to a remote stand and we were bussed to the the Terminal 4S,. Our allocated baggage carousel was undergoing maintenance and the delivery of the bags was delayed by 15 mins. Overall a very unpleasant experience with Air Nostrum compounded by the poor communication. I arrived at my hotel over 4 hours late
  Bangkok to Mandalay. Bangkok Airways is good, but not a lot. Its not good to get in a plane where the only option is Economy Class and you have to use a bus with almost 100 people on it. The food is good.
  I bought a Budapest to Lisbon return ticket with TAP Portugal. Usually they use an A319 on this route but they use Euro Atlantic Airways on some days. I have to blame TAP, because they do not mention this fact neither in the booking nor on the itinerary or during the checkin process. Anyway, as Im a travel agent I knew what I was booking. Euro Atlantic for both ways. I was positively disappointed in Euro Atlantic Airways. Based on previous reviews I was expecting something very trashy.  The aircraft flown both waysis only 16 years old, and the interior looks quite fresh. The overhead lockers are the latest B767 design, so not the old fashioned one, but the curvy, nicer. The seats has been recently changed to Euro Atlantics new interior with backseat IFE system and USB port for charging your own device. The aircraft was clean. Flight attendants were smiling  and very helpful. All announcement in Portuguese and English. Catering was a TAP catering, a basic sandwich and the usual soda  coffeetea. My only negative feeling is about the new seat which is nice and trendy, but its quite narrow. Also even if there is a backseat inflight entertainment system, the variety of available content cannot compared with the mainstream carriers such as Lufthansa, BA or Emirates, etc. Lets be honest, its a good value for the money, but nothing else. Dont compare the value with the big carriers, but compare it with a low cost like Wizz or Ryanair.
  Appalled at the complete lack of customer service following a complaint. Prior to my 21 hour flight I purchased a better seat for £120  only to then have a broken seat on the second 14.5 hour leg of the journey resulting in being more uncomfortable than anyone else. Ive reasonably requested the refund of the extra £120 I paid but all Ive received is a meek apology.
  Got on the plane and it is so old that there is no USB or outlets. We are burning up because they have no air flow, and we were informed the entertain doesnt work. It is a 7hr flight. This is outrageous for the price I paid for this ticket. This airline is a joke and I would never recommend it to anyone. First and last time I will fly this airline. 
Aircraft going to Cuba was a little worn but the overall flight and service were quite acceptable. Coming home the aircraft was more updated and again quite acceptable. Both flights were smooth as were take offs and landings. No inflight entertainment so if you are travelling with young children bring along a play kit. Also there is no inflight duty free shopping.
  Left Cairo ok, on arrival at Riyadh at approx 7pm, once on wifi, a reminder email arrived telling us of a new flight number and departure time, now 11 hours away at 0600. No communication from ground staff about luggage, delay, any options to stay somewhere, nothing. At 3am, some passengers managed to raise the issue with airport manager, who spoke to the Flynas manager . He  then got off his backside, issued boarding passes to the 20 odd people stranded, and checked luggage is available to hopefully end up at our destination at the same time as us. Customer service at last. Such lack of service by a Saudi airline, does not reflect well on the country.
  Yangon to Nyaung. My wife and me flew three routes with Air KBZ over our holiday in Myanmar and we got outstanding service every time. The cabin crew all have excellent presentation and are very courteous and attentive. We had a cold snack, tea and coffee, all of which were very tasty, on all flights. Its unusual to be given cream cakes at 8.30 am, but they were very nice. All aircraft used were very clean and in good condition and all flights departed and arrived exactly on time. Air KBZ is way better than we expected.
We arrived at the airport in good time to check in one bag. We stood in the queue for almost 1,5 hours and finally dropped  the bag. The gate was shown on the screen as boarding me being 6 months pregnant I had to use the bathroom before boarding. We arrived at the gate about 20 min before departure, but were denied entry. The staff was really unfriendly and uncompromising.
  Melbourne to Hong Kong via Bandar seri Begawan. I have been treated excellently even I can only afford to pay for economy class for myself and my daughter. This is such an amazing treat that I have ever been to any airlines. I wanted to say thank you to Royal Brunei Airlines, to the flight attendants. The food and drinks provided are very generous and great quality.
  The departure time was 1055 a.m., but I was half an hour late in boarding till 1135 a.m., and we stayed more than half an hour on the plane. At twelve oclock, the captain announced a 45minute delay. Because the EgyptAir flight was delayed, I missed the flight to New York, which cost me money. Spending an entire day in Germany at my own expense in an airport hotel and Postponing my trip to New York the next day resulted in financial losses. 
London to Rio de Janeiro via Sao Paulo. This is my first time flying with TAM. Ground staff informed that I needed to recheckin my luggage on arrival at Sao Paulo for my final destination at Rio de Janeiro. My connecting flight was just over 2 hours but due to a delay from LHR to GRU, it was only 1 hour and 45 mins to catch my next flight out. The good news was domestic check in from international connections was just beside the arrival hall at terminal 3 before proceeding to terminal 2. After boarding, was given toffee sweets which was a nice gesture. Amenity kit which includes socks, comb and pen were provided. The seats were fine but are cramped in comparison with Cathay and Singapore Airlines as the seating configuration for TAMs B777 is 10 across. Food was delicious. Inflight entertainment good but there was limited choices of movies and TV series. Throughout the 12 hour flight, rarely see the cabin crew offering drinks or food in between meals. Cabin crews were nevertheless, helpful and cheerful to serve the passengers. 
 New York JFK to Milan. I flew Air Italy for the first time and thoroughly enjoyed the experience. The customer service was outstanding. My cabin attendant was fantastic. Anytime, I requested something or asked a question, she was patient, knowledgeable and most kind. Normally, I fly business class but was not available since i booked my flight 2 days before departure. I felt like I was in business class minus the bed. Also, the first officer introduced himself to me and told me to ask for him if needed anything. I have never had a pilot introduce themselves and offer their assistance, thats first. Hats off and well done.
  My employer was stuck for 2 12 hours in the Toronto Pearson Airport because of a delayed Air Canada flight headed to Athens, Greece last evening June 16th, 2022 due to understaffing of airport personnel and consequently would miss his Athens Aegean Airlines connection to Mykonos on the other end. I call Aegeans customer service in Athens and spoke with a lovely gentleman, Avgoustis. Avgoustis was calm, reassuring, patient and found me the best possible solution to get my employer on a connecting flight to his final destination Mykonos in the shortest time possible. He kept me calm! I really hope that someone will recognize this gentlemens exemplary customer service.
 Avianca failed to take me to my final destination and refused to take responsibility for my travel. I purchased a round trip ticket with them from IAD to LPB. Instead of going LPB to IAD via Bogota I was rerouted due to their delays. They rerouted me to LIMA and then LAX and left me there after 30h of travel! I had to purchase a last minute one way ticket on AA for $678 and am dealing with endless portals for complaints with Avianca and no one can take responsibility for the inconvenience and cost out of my pocket due to their mistakes! Incredibly incompetent and frustrating! Never fly them again! Btw  On the way to LPB bathrooms didnt have toilet paper?
 Over 4h delay on a 1h 45 min flight from Tunis to Barcelona. Whats more frustrating is the lack of information. No Tunisair representative knows whats going on, whats causing the delay, or when we will take over. Do not take this airline unless you want to be stranded.
I have just returned from a trip to Alor star AOR from subang SZB and it was a very pleasant flight with FY. Flights took off on time and the crew were friendly and genuine. Overall excellent trip with FY. I wish they flew into KUL as well for easier connections to other points.
  Flown this route return 4 or 5 times. Of course, a visitor to Guernsey has no choice, the airline has a monopoly. The flights themselves were only an hour, and uneventful. Aurigny flight team is usually OK. Not rude, but not terribly friendly, either. My last trip, the Guernsey airport staff was a very bad dream. They treated me like a suspected terrorist Im a pastmiddleaged solo female traveler. Kept me until the plane was completely boarded. I was the last one allowed on board. They opened my suitcase and removed every single item. They turned my book upside down and flipped the page, looking for who knows what. I fully expected sniffer dogs at some point. Since the trip itself had been stressful horrendous weather, hotel room robbed, this last insult was so upsetting! I was finally allowed on the plane, but fighting tears. The flight attendant was nasty and gave me a look for holding everyone up.
  The worst boarding experience ever. The personnel was unpleasant and totally mismanaged passport control and extra luggage payment. No information was distributed so most passengers had to queue several times, for boarding, passport control, and luggage payment. The staff was clearly not trained and overwhelmed, incapable of managing in a reliable fashion, collect payment for luggage. This led to a delay in the departures. No hello, no thank you, no sorry  worst staff attitude I have experienced.
  Los Angeles to Bangkok via Beijing. Absolutely positively worst airline in the business. Horrible service, horrible business class. The lounges are an absolute joke. Never consider them again, no matter how much the cost.
  Rio de Janeiro to Gatwick. I have flown to Brazil every year since 30 years ago when I moved to England. I have always flown British Airways. I understand why long haul flights are and can be so expensive, nonetheless I try to get the best price possible for a direct flight. I couldnt believe my luck to find out that a prestigious airline was providing a direct flight from the closest airport to me 1 hour away, and less than half of the cost for a round trip. The staff were very polite, friendly and smiley. I told them I was a nervous flier and 30 minutes or so after the take off one of the staff came and offered me to change seats to a less crowded part of the plane.  The flight was very pleasant, calm and faster than expected. The entertainment was as good as the airlines I had flown for so many years. I didnt like the coffee but I never drink any coffee that is not a good Brazilian quality, produced and packed in Brazil. The food was not to my taste.  The flight back from Rio was as good, and we arrived 22 minutes ahead schedule. I was very pleased with Norwegian and I will fly with them whenever I need to if they keep providing their services from Gatwick. Thank you. A happy customer.
 Nairobi to London Heathrow. Awful, simply awful. Substantial delays on both the outbound and return legs. Really poor customer service in response. Customer service was poor in general, on board and at the airport when requesting an update to the flight. I would not recommend Kenya Airways to anybody, not even my worst enemy!
  A very nondescript airline, colorless, tasteless and forgettable. The cabin crew were busy with themselves mostly, didnt care for the passengers. Entertainment was outdated and had a very limited selection mostly cheap and popular shows and movies. Food was an outrage, heavy on potato salads and fatty beef with gravy. Timetables seemed to be superfluous and delays were rife. I will not fly LOT again.
  We booked flights to Mexico City for July 4th weekend, and today I get an email saying our flight is cancelled. I called into Viva Aerobus customer support and they said that there was no reason listed as to why the flight was cancelled but that they can book me a flight out of a different city San Antonio, which is about 100 miles away. I asked for a refund and they said no refunds. They offered a voucher to be used within 80 days but I refused this offer. Why would I want to book with this carrier again if they cancel flights with no notice and dont offer refunds? The agent wouldnt allow me to speak to a supervisor and was very rude and not helpful. I went ahead and disputed the cost of the tickets through my credit card company. I hope if this happens to other travelers that they each let their credit card company know so that eventually VISA or Mastercard stop providing payment services to them. Worst airline ever.
Flew business class Dubrovnik  Zagreb  Istanbul. Both planes small props. DH4. Meal service almost non existent and very disorderly. But the most annoying part was the AC. The plane was close to 30C and couldnt cool off until Istanbul which took 2h 20 mins. Seats are very small and leg distance very tight. All together a very bad experience for a lot of money.
ZagrebMunich Shared flight with Lufthansa. Good checkin. ERJ aircraft is more comfortable and quieter than imagined. Just there is no meal onboard for a 1900 flight.
 Philadelphia to Cincinnati. The flight keeps being delayed, delayed, delayed. All the staff is offering is one excuse after another. This airline is holding us hostage. The airline has inefficient maintenance and terrible escalation procedures. Now we are being moved to the opposite end of the terminal. This is my first and last time flying this shower.
  I made my reservation ahead of time for my birthday trip and they canceled my flight without any form of communication! I didnt get an email, a call or a text message! When i contacted customer service all the agent could tell me was that my flight reservation was cancelled and I dont have tickets. he couldnt tell me when it was canceled. but he tells me it was cancelled to protect our customers. Its a great thing i checked before we actually left because we would have been so embarrassed at the airport thinking we have a paid ticket reservations but clearly it was imaginary. I didnt get a chance to fly with them but i am so glad because this was horrible customer service to a first time flyer. 
  This review is of the extremely poor customer service. It all began in January 2023 when I purchased two RT tickets from Denver to Athens, Greece. The first leg of the the trip, Denver to Munich was a Lufthansa flight for which I paid $185 for seat assignments Row 18 HK.  Fast forward to flight check in on April 29, 2023 and my seat assignments are not what I reserved. An hour and half later, and finally speaking to a Lufthansa rep and she cannot help me or refund my purchased seats. I am instructed to apply for a refund online after travel has been completed. It is now one week since I have returned from Athens and I have not been able to receive a refund. The online system wont recognize my booking code even though it shows verified, and I receive error messages. I have made six calls to customer service with no service at all. I have been disconnected two times, and on other calls I am told that the system is down, you have to do this online, supervisors are unavailable to assist, and due to the high call volume, I cant get you assistance. The last call ended with the representative telling me to call back in 15 minutes. I wish for this review to focus only on the customer service center. My actual flight experience is another review and equally poor. Lufthansa should be ashamed of all aspects of their service. I will not use this carrier again.
  I had a bad experience with RJ travelling from Chicago to Saudi Arabia via Amman. I feel the service lacks respect and consideration for the passengers requirements. No consideration was given even when I flew business class and was in a wheelchair. I havent come across any airlines where wheelchair bound passengers are the last to board the flight and the last to leave the flight. All economy class passengers were given priority to board the flight while I paid to upgrade by ticket to business class. When I confronted this I was told a lie that they are going down and not boarding while they all boarded the flight and I was last to go in and couldnt find the place to put my hand carry. The food was terrible and staff service was very negligent. Even when I requested for water to take my medication nobody paid any attention to it. Seats are terrible in economy class. My stopover was over 12 hrs and I was not given a hotel even after my request. I felt I wasted my money upgrading the ticket and could have used that money to stay at a hotel. No customer service phone number to communicate. Through email they just forward you the general info to all your inquiries. Lost baggage tracking is zero. So if your baggage is lost it is lost forever. I lost my baggage of Zam Zam water and couldnt contact airlines for almost a week now and have not received any response from them either. I would not recommend anybody to use this airline. It is stressful and tiresome on a long journey of 13 to 14 hr flight. I hope my comments will be taken seriously and action will be taken to give better service and to live up to its name of ROYAL.
Vientiane to Hanoi route is a code share with Vietnam Airlines but if you book with Lao Airlines the price is significantly lower though still a fair sum considering the distance. Equipment on this route was a new Chinese made Xian MA 60 aircraft. This turbo prop aircraft offers adequate comfort for its size in a 22 configuration throughout. Though there is apparently a business option on this route it is very difficult to see the benefit and indeed as the usual entry to the cabin is at the rear a seat at the back is preferable for many. Though the flight is just over an hour a reasonable box meal is served comprising a fresh sandwich tuna on this flight fruit a biscuit and a drink. In addition tea and coffee are served by the friendly crew. Coupled to this the check in process whilst entirely manual is reasonably swift Vientiane airport is small but pleasant and bags were delivered quite swiftly on arrival in Hanoi. My wife is not keen on small aircraft and said she would rather not fly this type of aircraft again I on the other hand certainly would and can recommend Lao Airlines who also have some jet ATR 72s in a fleet and no Russian antiques to anyone.
  I really enjoyed this flight. So surprised as other reviewers were harsh. We did purchase the extended leg room. It was so worth it. My husband is 64. The staff was very nice and attentive. Seating was as nice as Americans First Class although it was tight when seat in front reclined fully It was a great way to start our vacation.
  Chengdu to Los Angeles. We really enjoyed this flight. The cabin was clean, service was excellent. The food and entertainment were met my expectation. When they handed me a new pajama for sleeping comfort, I was very surprised.  I highly recommend this flight and I wont go to Chengdu any other way.
  Manila to Cebu. Delayed. Unfriendly staff. We were transferred from one plane to another. Our baggage arrived earlier than us, we end up in Cebu looking for our baggage and we do not know where to find it took us 3hrs before we got our baggage.  The staff shouted on us and said that we are not paying attention when our names were called!
We flew JNB to Seychelles on 21 April and back on 1 May 2015. The Cabin was good and the seat comfort very good  not completely lie flat but very close and much more comfortable than Emirates Business Class. Service is what you would expect from Business class. Outward bound trip from Johannesburg was good. Nightmare was on Inbound trip. The flight departure time was 8am but at around 5pm the evening prior to the flight they sent an email out to the travel agents that they have moved the departure time 1 hour earlier. They didnt contact the customers themselves and no one with authority at Air Seychelles was available to talk to. For people on Mahe the 1 hour earlier departure wasnt the end of the world but for people on the outlying islands who relied on a regular ferry service there was no way to make our flight and flights for next 3 days were fully booked. In the end we had to charter a boat to get us to the airport on time we were the lucky ones  others missed their flight completely. It seems that customer service is not something Air Seychelles understands. The flight back was uneventful except that 2 of the seats in business class were out of order and that the cabin staff were extremely noisy talking non stop at high volume throughout the flight. Sleeping wasnt easy but they just didnt care.
  One of the worst check in experience ever. In theory, you can get the boarding pass online, but I tried on this flight and in a couple of other flights to get it with the app and from the website. Always failed. Call the number, and the operator is very nice and tries hard to appease you, telling you they will look into it and try later, but it simply does not work. So, to get the boarding pass you need to go to the airport checkin where inevitably you find a single very long line, rolling out to the outside of the airport entrance of the departure hall. The line is not even sorted by destinations or by departure times. Many Tui staff in uniform hanging around to assist you, but no real help is provided. Despite operating in an Italian airport the staff does not speak Italian, but only English. Appalling service. I will certainly try to avoid this company in the future.
 Worst customer service ever. Back and forth emails to and from THY with the same generic message. Customer service transferred to another agent to another agent then the phone hangs up on you. This is all for 2 names on a ticket misspelled. This is to write a public review that both fliers are over 67 years old, one passenger with heart issues, both with hypertension and anxiety will have to go through hell on the waiting line, security check, then finally boarding the flight with issues regarding their names.
  Bangkok to Krabi. Nok is a true budget airline a little gritty, rough around the edges, and youre never really comfortable in terms of believing that youll get where youre going on time. I checked in online and bypassed the ticket counter, but past experiences have been less than easy. If you dont prepay your bags online, you have to check in via one line, go to a bag drop and another line, then go to a payment counter to pay the baggage fee. Its a pretty terrible system. But this timenone of that. Straight to the gate. Dont expect much in terms of announcements, watch for the crowd and go queue up when its time. Their flights seem to require a bus out to the plane, and thats your typical budget airline experiencethey try to get all 150 of you into one to avoid making two trips. The aircraft on my trip was old, and a god bit worn out. Nok chose to paint their planes in a really colorful scheme I call it Sky Chicken Fabulous with a bird head on the nose of the plane. Unfortunately the colors havent held up well, so the appearance of the plane is shabby and faded even from the outside. The crew is quick and a small bottle of water is included, a nice touch. The English skills of the crew are marginal for an airline that carries a lot of tourists, but if youe heard the safety presentation before elsewhere, theres not much that the crew has to talk to you about. They advertise WiFi on board, but no Nok flight Ive ever flown delivered on that promise. My flight left late and arrived late, but no announcements or apologies were made, it appeared to be just part of a normal Nok day. Air Asia is still the cream of the crop in Thai budget carriers, with VietJet delivering mostly good results as well. Nok joins the second tier with Lion Air. Nok does offer a frequent flyer program which sets them apart, but it requires you to write them and send a copy of your boarding pass to get credit, which is honestly just too much hassle to get a free $25 flight. Id fly Nok again, but theres nothing that would steer me toward them, either.
MVDGRUMIA and return. All flights on time. Good service good aircraft great IFE adequate food and drink. Ground staff very helpful. Pathetic terminal 1 in GRU.
 Brisbane to Manila check in was a breeze being Elite member of Mabuhay Miles program which allowed me to use Business Class counter. Philippine Airlines doesnt have lounge in BNE so was given AUD $25 accepted in any restaurant at Departure Area. Flight left an hour late but arrived ontime in Manila. Meal service was ok for a 7.5 Hrs flight. Plane was new.
  They cancelled the flight for no reason when all the other flights from other airlines were functional. They just get your money pay themselves and say they had to cancel it when there was no lockdown. In fact this is second time.
  I was very disappointed. Good things to comment, they were on time, the plane was comfy with lots of leg room and very clean. Bad things, food was awful, only offered a small fish curry or veggie noodles. The dessert and side dish were definitely not something Id serve to anyone. Salad was apple with carrot. The snack later wasbread with lettuce and chicken. They ran out of apple juice when they were giving out drinks.  There was no headphones to watch movies on a 6.25h journey.
Shanghai to Taipei The flight was delayed for more than 3 hours without explanation. Eventually we were informed to board an A300. It was an awful and old aircraft and full of terrible smell and the air conditioning was not functioning properly. This airline does not pay attention to flight safety  I consider Air Macau is the worst airline I have ever taken.
  Flew on GA828 Jakarta to Singapore. The check in process was excellent and the check in team were very polite. I was then escorted through security and immigration to the lounge by Premium Team member Fifi. When it came time for boarding Fifi also escorted me to the aircraft. The cabin crew were on hand throughout the flight, however as I was fasting, I did not take the offer of food. The flight took off on time and landed in Singapore 20 minutes ahead of schedule. Upon arrival in Singapore, I was met by Garuda ground staff who escorted me through immigration, baggage collection and to my taxi. Thank you, Garuda Indonesia, for another excellent flight.
  Their billing policies are outrageous. My mom broke her wrist and could no longer fly her grandchildren back home to Houston. I wanted to switch her ticket over to my name, so I could go out to retrieve them. They wouldnt allow it. We had cancel her flight she got a credit and and I have to pay $400 more than her ticket cost to get on the same flight with my kids. I will only fly Southwest because of these bologney business practices. 
TelAvivTashkentTokyo OsakaTashkentTLV plus TLVTashkentBKKTashkentTLV coach on all legs. Low cost airline means low maintenance in the planes the seats were coming apart the inflight entertainment was only in Uzbek or Russian. We didnt try their food but the special meals we ordered were awful. Out of the 8 legs only one the last thankfully did we feel unsafe and that was because of turbulence. We flew high season and paid about 40 of the regular fare so cannot complain. I would not fly with them if the difference in price was not so huge.
 This is the worst airline company Ive ever flown with. They have an absolutely terrible menu, no reclining seats, no snacksmeals handed out for long flights and if you purchase water or any other beverage at your gate, they make you throw it away before boarding the plane  I guess all in the name of spending money with them instead. I flew Avianca for the first leg my first flight and unfortunately had to continue flying with them for the second part of my trip. The first flight was delayed causing us to miss our second flight and the next flight was scheduled to depart in 7 hours. Avianca in no way compensated us for this extremely terrible inconvenience. I will never fly with them again.
  Yantai to Taipei. A bad experience and the cabin crew were very ordinary. The flight was delayed over 1 hour. Boarding process was chaotic, the meal was very poor.
 I travel a lot throughout USA and used multiple airlines. This was the first time using Spirit, and guess what, they surprised me with their eagerness to pocket your money. I always travel with one small luggage and a computer backpack. Nobody charged for 2 piece of luggage. These guys charged me $99 with a big smile on their face.
 I miss the prepandemic Singapore Airlines. I have flown with them on a regular basis for decades and am disappointed at how bad the first flight I took with them since the pandemic was. My flight was purchased from Air Canada and AC is the first marketing carrier as per US DOT rules. AC is also the most significant carrier. I have clearly researched my baggage allocation prior to the trip and packed appropriately. Unfortunately, the SIA check in staff were clearly unaware of their own companys baggage policy see pictures below and refused to allow me to check my three bags. I had to repack my bags at the airport, which is both embarrassing and a complete hassle. I have never had to do this in my decades of leisure and business travel. I will definitely think twice before taking a flight with SIA again in the future.
  Clean cabin and seat with strictly on flight time table, feel safe when flying with them and comfortable on everything. Ground and air cabin crew operation is standard.
  Before departure Zurich  Belgrade in Economy Class I received an offer from Air Serbia by email  to upgrade to Business Class. I decided to accept the offer, but only for the return flight Belgrade   Zurich because I wanted to do some shopping in Belgrade and there would be no room for this in just one suitcase. It cost me € 95, which was just debited from my Mastercard. At the checkin in Belgrade  surprise I have no right to 2 suitcases, only one! In response to my complaint that Business Class ALWAYS includes an allowance for 2 suitcases, I was told that I was entitled to all Business Class amenities  except for the number of suitcases. But this little thing is not to be found in the upgrade offer mail from Air Serbia !!! This argument was also ignored by the Air Serbia officer. In the end I had to pay another 6 € for the excess 11kg heavy bag! I suspect that this is not a coincidence, but that Air Serbia is purposely improving its income in this lousy way.  Vor dem Abflug Zrich  Belgrad in Economy Klasse habe ich von Air Serbia per Mail ein Angebot erhalten  zu Business Class zu upgraden. Ich entschied mich, das Angebot zu akzeptieren, jedoch nur fr den Rckflug Belgrad  Zrich weil ich einiges in Belgrad einkaufen wollte und dies htte in nur einem Koffer keinen Platz mehr. Es kostete mich 95€, die grad von meiner Mastercard abgebucht wurden. Bei dem Checkin in Belgrad  berraschung ich habe kein Anrecht auf 2 Koffer, nur auf einen! Auf meine Reklamation, dass Business Class IMMER Allowance auf 2 Koffer beinhaltet, wurde mir erklrt dass auf alle Annehmlichkeiten der Business Class ich Anrecht habe  bis auf KofferAnzahl. Diese Kleinigkeit aber ist in der UpgradeAngebotmail von Air Serbia nicht zu finden!!! Auch dieser Argument wurde von Air Serbia Beamtin ignoriert. Am Ende musste ich fr das berschssige 11kG schweren Gepckstck weitere 65€ zahlen! Ich vermute dass dies kein Zufall ist, sondern dass Air Serbia gezielt auf diese miese Art ihre Einknfte ausbessert.
MVYBOS. Had to book fairly last minute and the fare was pretty reasonable. Check in staff friendly and professional at Marthas Vineyard although you do have to jump on the scales as the aircraft is so small. All passengers taken onto tarmac just before the flight and the pilot balances out the plane. If youre lucky youll get to sit up front and make the most of the view. Unfortunately I am neither blonde nor female so I was out of luck on this occasion! Very quick hop over and bags out within 10 minutes. Great experience and extremely convenient.
  Paris to Saint Denis Reunion. Paid for seats with extra space but got refused when check in in because we dont speak French well enough. When filing a complaint and asking for money thay agreed ans they would refund the extra money we paid. This was promised more then 8 months ago and we still did not receive. Reminder from our side on a monthly base. Worst company ever experienced
 Lion Air is the worst airline in Indonesia. Ive had this flight from Jambi to Jakarta JT 607 delayed over 3 hours in which cancelled all my activities. The flight is scheduled for 6 a.m however until 9 a.m there is no reasonable explanation when the flight will be departed. The only reason is the flight is postponed due to the bad weather. However, at the same time, several airlines has departed with the same weather condition. My advice for this airline  avoid it, the ticket was cheap but it is not worth it.
 Literal trash. I am being charged for baggage that I wasnt charged for initially. We flew from Frankfurt to Athens and I had a carry on and a backpack. I wasnt charged anything when they had to check my carry on as checked luggage upon boarding due to their miscalculation of a full flight AS ALWAYS. Not a huge deal just inconvenient as Lufthansa has lost my bags before. My backpack goes under the seat so I dont understand why Im not afforded 1 space in the luggage rack. On our way back from Athens they charged me €55 for my carryon to be checked even though it was under the weight limit. The staff is almost always unpleasant and if they werent the only airline option pretty much I wouldnt be using them at all.
MacauShanghai. Business Class. Full cabin. Drinks meal tea and coffee all served and cleared away 45 minutes after takeoff. Why the rush? I filled in a Customer Comment card requesting a reply but never received it. I definitely recommend avoiding Air Macau  it is worth going to HKG just to use DragonAir  1000 times better than Air Macau.
 First time I fly easyJet, I didnt think to check reviews, we were only going to Glasgow and it is just a quick long weekend. So we didnt care to dig into the airline assuming it is the standard stuff. But boy we were wrong, we took a Friday flight 30th of September EZY885, was supposed to take of 1805, but only took off around 1845 or something like that, thankfully, we had nothing planned. Then on the way back on the 3rd of October Ezy6414  915, they decided my standard bag was too big for the cabin, because apparently on Feb2021, they shrunk the seats and the cabin size even more, and charged me £24 for it. That bag was half empty, I could have brought a smaller one had I known. Why are they going against standardisation? They actively want to catch you, the lady there could have let it go, its not like that money goes to her pocket, but some people enjoy letting others down. They must hate their jobs immensely customer service is difficult, especially with money grabbing management that are paid 6digits compared to people in her level with 1.65bn revenue. My guy friend is 6ft, he had his legs squashed there, I feel terrible, I didnt think he might need leg space.
  Lisbon to Salvador. I booked my flight with TAP and expected to be flying on a TAP flight. In the event it was a euro Atlantic flight. I have flown this route more than 50 times so am well used to it. Without doubt this was the most uncomfortable flight I have had on this route, really very uncomfortable. I wrote to TAP but received no reply so this is just a heads up to others to avoid this airline if you have other options. The aircraft was clean and well presented but this did not make up for the lack of padding on the seats and their very small size. For a short haul of a couple of hours it would have just been tolerable but on long haul very very uncomfortable. There were also issues with the inflight entertainment not working.
 My mother and I were really excited to be flying with AirAsia X as it was considered the best low cost airline. However, our flight from the beginning until the end was a disappointing experience. To begin with, the ground staff didnt even greet us with a smile as if she was mad whilst doing her job. Then we realised our seats werent together so we asked, and she rudely told us that we had to pay extra to be seated next to each other we dont mind paying the extra fee, by the way. But we wouldve appreciated it more if we were told about it nicely. Then the whole entire flight, not a single smile on the faces of the crews. One crew member, whilst doing the safety procedures sighed and made an eye roll. Thankfully, the person sitting beside my mother was really nice and was helping her out throughout the flight but overall, we were really disappointed with their service and we have experienced better service at other low cost airlines.
  A smooth and pleasant flight on time, attentive and staff that send out lots of smiles. A decent sandwich and a drink. They could improve on leg space, though.
  Etickets were issued by Qantas. We were asked to get the boarding pass for Singapore to Kuala Lumpur, and from KL to Chennai for their transfer counter in Singapore. It was difficult to find out where they are, but eventually, we did. They were woefully inadequate for the tasks. There was one lady  who was singing songs and chatting with colleagues and distracting them. We missed connecting flights. Later we found that she had scrubbed my wifes name from the ticket for a slight variation in the spelling of her given name  Judy for Judith. We produced all verifications, but she was discourteous and stranded her in Singapore. In the end, she bought a new ticket and flew to Chennai. We proceeded to KL, but scheduled flights were delayed several times, and we reached one and half days late. 
 Cabin staff were pleasant. But my 4pm Porter flight back was canceled due to maintenance issues, and I was rebooked on a 6.55pm flight which departed about 1015 min. late. Then when we arrived, had to again wait about 1015 min. for gate agent to arrive. I found seats on new Porter planes with two seats per side quite uncomfortable. Used to fly with Porter whenever I visit family in Montreal because of convenience of flying out of city centre airport, but first experience of newly expanded Porter was not positive.
  I travelled from London Gatwick to Prague and then on to Dubai. When I collected my luggage in Prague my case had been unzipped, everything inside was moved around and the Christmas cards that family and friends had given me to take back to my family in Dubai had been ripped open, obviously searching for money. Why else would you rip open a greetings card.
  London City to Bern. Another disappointment. Two weeks ago diverted to Basel after fog in Bern  nearly 3 hours late as bus provided was late. Today, I could see my suitcase at LCY but half the baggage was not loaded  presumably to save weight so the airline could profit from SWISS customers transferring from a cancelled Zurich flight. So no luggage at Bern. Never again  my advice is fly on a solvent airline via Zurich.
  One of the most comfortable Premium Economy seats. Brand new aircraft. Flights on time both outbound and inbound. Onboard staff very courteous and professional. Onboard WiFi probably the best connection I have experienced in the air. The only downsize is the food. So far the worse even compared to an average economy class. Food was disappointing. If not for the food I would have voted 1010.
  They lost my luggage I flew with Sky Express in august 2022. A terrible mistake. Their customer service department is a mess. They lost my luggage. There is no phone number to contact and all the communication was done by email. They are slow in responding and never reply to all the questions you ask.
  Xiamen to Guangzhou. Whilst it was an old aircraft it was very comfortable and clean. The crew were lovely and for a short flight the food was very good. The facilities at Xiamen airport are mostly supplied by the airline and are first class.
  We were on holiday visiting both Toronto and Las Vegas. Its not often you get to fly on a 767 in Europe anymore and I was looking forward to this trip on one even though I know they are showing their age. The airport in Toronto was efficient and relatively quiet and it was good that we could do the US immigration preclearance there. Boarding was quite fast given the number of people. But after we boarded the cabin crew had to work very hard to find hold space for all of the carryon bags which led to frustrated passengers and the plane was uncomfortably hot while all this was going on. The 767 did look old and a bit tatty but actually my seat was comfortably and I nodded off and before long we were in Vegas. I thought the flight was good value for money given the distance we were covering  nearly 2,000 miles I think. Baggage arrived quickly in Vegas airport too.
  Hong Kong to Singapore. Flight was operated by an A320. Boarding time was supposed to start at 755pm, but the aircraft didnt even arrive until 810pm! Boarding was fast and efficient, although sitting in a window seat meant that I had to squeeze past 2 ladies to reach my seat, and I really do mean squeeze  the seat pitch was very narrow and the seats didnt even recline more than a few degrees, suppose this is the standard for LCCs. Once boarding was finished, we couldnt push backthe pilot told us that due to traffic at Hong Kong airport, our pushback would be delayed! The scheduled departure time was 825pm, but combining the late arrival of the aircraft and the heavy traffic, we didnt even takeoff until 937pm. In the end, we arrived in Singapore at 1AM, 1 hour behind scheduled. There was no wifi or entertainment offered on board. The saving grace of this flight was the cabin service. During boarding, the cabin service was dismal  they didnt even greet the passengers and generally didnt feel very warm. However, after takeoff, they did improve their quality of service a lotvery responsive, every request was attended to quickly. After landing, they also apologized for the delay and the inconvenience resulted to passengers. All in all, although the seat was really cramped and the flight was delayed by 1 hour, the saving grace was still the cabin service, and given the price, I might consider flying with them again.
  Taipei to Singapore. Jetstar is the worst airline. I booked 2 tickets for my Friend and I, same plane, same date, same booking order. When I received the confirmation order my flight time was the same, same date but 1 month after, but it was the right month for my Friend. They charged me 338SGD last minute to change my flight. I just hate this airline, I dont respect you, you make mistakes, dont take the credit of those mistakes and charge crazy amount of money. 
  This is the worst airline company ever. Unprofessional all the way.  They closed our flight check in 145mins ahead of departure, and about 10 customers missed their flight although they technically had lots of time to check in. Worse than a lack of customer service.
  This was my first time flying with Air Berlin on a trip from Chicago to Salzburg and a return flight from Prague to Chicago. It was the worst airline experience I have had in about 20 years of frequent flying. Here are some key reasons Customer Service is nonexistent. No one ever answers their phone number and their online service always returns an error message. I tried for two weeks both online and on telephone with one simple request, to upgrade my seat on my return flight in other words, pay them more money!. One night, with Expedia on the line with me, we waited on hold for 95 minutes and I finally fell asleep at 1am. Also, with one exception on return flight, every single Air Berlin person I dealt with was not only extremely poor at customer service, but even rude. One flight attendant was just mean to the person in front of me who asked if they could give them their trash. Another flight attendant was rude when I asked a simple question at the counter. Another in baggage claim area in Berlin was rude. Their seats in economy are smaller than any other airline seat I have experienced. I had an eight hour flight with the seat back in front of me literally 10 inches from my face. I am 5 feet 5 inches and my knees hit the seat in front of me the whole time. Be aware they will charge you $60100 extra just to pick a seat  any seat, including economy  in advance of your flight. The WIFI does not work. I paid for WiFi going over and back and was never able to get on it. The flight attendants were no help whatsoever and were again rude when I inquired The worst part was that I experienced two delayed flights  one from Berlin to Salzburg and one from Berlin to Chicago. Both were handled terribly. When I arrived late in Chicago to make my connection to MSP, I literally ran to the gate and got there in time to get on the flight, but Air Berlin without my consent or knowledge had changed my flight to a flight 4 hours later instead and American Airlines would not let me get on my original flight. When I called Air Berlin to complain about this while sitting in ORD for 4 hours, I again waited on hold for 2 hours and finally decided they did not deserve any more of my time or effort in giving them feedback. They probably wont even read this or care, but I wanted to alert other travelers  avoid this airline!
  Berlin Tegel to Moscow Vnukovo. The cheapest ticket doesnt include any checked luggage and only a small piece of hand luggage. Theres a possibility to buy checked luggage in advance  but no such feature for hand luggage! According to this  a person travelling with, for example, a mediumsize backpack, should drop it at checkin. Well  its OK for a LCC to omit any luggage for the cheapest ticket, but why not to let additionally buying an option for large hand luggage? So, if youre travelling with anything bigger than a purse, its strongly recommended to buy an item of checked luggage in advance  because at checkin desk this will be very costly.  Online checkin is tedious, with lots of advertising do you want to buy an insurance policy? to assign a seat? etc.. One needs to visit the checkin desk for dropping big hand luggage off, for visa check  so a very long queue occurred. Surprisingly, but currently they dont coerce passengers to online checkin as it used to be some months ago  its also free at checkin desk, but they also accept mobile boarding passes. Tegel terminal C, disorganized, with enormous queues anywhere  is a real nightmare, but thats not Pobedas fault. They dont provide any meal service onboard, one cannot buy anything, even snacks  some passengers complained on it. Only drinking water is served. However, the aircraft is new and tidy, the seats are acceptable Ryanairlike, though not reclining, the ground and cabin crew are polite and helpful. As for me, there were too much announcements, especially about smoking prohibition  this was repeated more than 5 times. Usually the flights are punctual, but this time we had a small delay 30 min, due to heavy traffic at VKO, I guess. Generally  for such a price the product is absolutely acceptable. The only recommendation  before the flight read the rules and conditions carefully, in order not to goof.
 I am writing this review because this is the second time Ive flown United Airlines internationally and ended up stranded in the last two years. This trip my flight out of Venice to Newark was canceled, but the second leg from Newark to New Orleans was not. This prevented me from rebooking my flight without waiting 2 hrs for an agent. I was booked two days later, costing over $400.00 euro in hotel costs, no options were offered by the agent. My 6 hr layover was also delayed. As of writing this review, I am still waiting on the second flight to be reassigned to another gate. The complete lack of assistance for the second time, first time luggage was missing for 5 days in 2021, I cannot recommend United foe international flights. I give them a rating of fail.
Firefly is a very good lowcost airline. Flying from Kuala Lumpur to Kuala Terengganu the the ticket was not very expensive, the airplane quality was good with high standard of cleaniness and comfortable seats. The plane was less noisy than I expected for a propellor airplane. During the flight we were served a complimentary drink and food I had a curry samosa. Cabin staff was extremely professional and attentive. The big drawback of this airline is the number of flights cancelled  on the way to Kuala Terengganu our flight was cancelled and we were put on a later flight. The day I returned from Kuala Terengganu, out of five daily flights, three were cancelled, one retimed. It seems that the last flight of the day is the most reliable. Despite being a very good quality lowcost airline, it might be unsuitable to those who have time constraints.
Business class on their A300 from Doha and really glad to get off this flight. Aircraft very scruffy inside and needed some real attention and cleaning. Seats were broken in many areas and toilets were unusabe  FAs did not seem bothered by any of this. Service was all over in a short time and FAs then disappeared to galley. Not an airline I would wish on my worst enemy and despite all they say in their magazine about change this airline seems to be a lot worse than when I last flew them that was in 1991 though!. Avoid at all costs.
  Fake advertisement of the ability to purchase additional baggage. 15 euros per kg.  When I had originally purchased the ticket, it was made clear on the website that I would be able to purchase additional baggage. Today I was trying to complete my checkin and purchase the extra luggage however the website did not allow this option, I therefore rung the contact number available on the website to make the purchase and to my surprise was told that I could purchase the extra baggage only once I arrive at the airport, only after questioning the lady on the phone, I was told that in fact I could not take an extra suitcase but only pay for extra kilos in the luggage which I already have £15 per kilo from the suitcase I already have. Unfortunately, I have already brought and paid for an extra suitcase from London to Lisbon with the expectation that I would be able to take it to Cape Verde. Im highly disappointed with the service I have received thus far, I usually take this trip with TAP however decided to try something new and now I am being charged an additional £450 for a suitcase. This was extremely unclear across the website and now I have no choice but to throw away my suitcase with all my belongings as the price of this was not advertised.
  Customer service very disappointing. It takes already more than 3 months to get a refund. Every time I call the customer service they tell me some other excuse, after I waited 30 minutes in line. One would expect a better organisation for such a big company. Next time other airline!
 What a nice little airline! Air Astana provides economy passengers with a surprisingly generous amenity bag which was a nice touch. Cutlery was real metal rare in economy! The food was really good and the staff were friendly. This is how an airline should be run! Well done guys.
  An expected 10AM departure on AC was cancelled at 8AM. I spoke with AC Call Center at 840 ?Philippines and was told that this is either AC or United Airline but we cannot be certain. I asked to be placed 40 minute call so far on next available flight and she indicated that she would try to reroute me from Boston to Newark to Montreal. She then disconnected the line. I called back and another indicated that I was now noShow for BostNwkMontreal and all my tickets had been cancelled. She indicated that I could now only purchase a first class ticket at 1640 for BosYul at C$1600 as no economy seats were available, For a meeting that was time sensitive, I had no choice. I await a refund but discussions with Bos Help Center and YUL Help Center leaves me pessimistic of any resolution.
  Gulf Air refused me entry into my flight because their system did not update to show that I had bought extra luggage. The time taken to show that I had in fact booked it caused the delay and the lateness.  The price paid for the extra luggage for myself and my mother did not carry over onto the next flight. I spoke to a Gulf Air agent, who told me that they will rectify the situation if I paid a £14 fee for my mother and £150 for myself. I reluctantly agreed do this. I then receive a call from Gulf Air who said that because my mother had initially booked her flight with an agency lastminute.com, the fees would need to be increased to £314. I reluctantly agreed as I was in a desperate position. I then received an email that informs me that changing my ticket to the night time one was now £300, and not the £150 mentioned this was despite the fact that I had booked with Gulf Air directly which contradicts what they had said earlier about the agency. I then call them to ask about this new pricing an agent answers me very patronisingly and essentially asks are you going to pay or not?.  So in total I coughed out an additional £968 because I was delayed by their slow system in the first place £314 for my mum, £300 for me, and combined loss of £354 of baggage. Seems like they can talk how they like with customers with no accountability. Their prices are good, but theres a reason for it.
  Sofia to Amsterdam. Checkin and security were fast for our 7 oclock morning flignt. Sofia airport is not that big, so it took us less than 15 minutes from arriving by cab to the seating area at the gate. Flight was almost full and boarding took a while mainly to oversized hand luggage of some passengers. I was in seat 3F. Seat pitch is lousy, it seems even less than 29 inch. Crew was friendly, serving a ham cheese ciabatta and a drink, coffee or tea and a chocolate later during the flight. Arrival was on time, luggage took too long to arrive,
  I was due to fly on 15th April 2020 with Batik Air, on the 13th March 2020 I received an email advising they cancelled the flights note this was before the Australian COVID19 Restriction were put in place. I have been trying to get a refund from the airline for nearly 2 months, theyve disconnected their customer service line in Australia and every email I send is met with a generic response saying refunds may take up to 30 days despite the fact it has been 52 days so far and I have yet to receive anything.
I have just come back from Bangkok via Sharjah taking off April 13th  5am Thailand time and landing 2.15pm UK time. We were supposed to take off at midnight on April 11th got to check in desk where they were checking people in and then suddenly they stopped and we were informed the flight was delayed 24 hours till the same time the next day. We were put up in the airport hotel no complaints about that the manager was brilliant and given vouchers for food but not for drinks not even for water. There was no Phuket Air rep around at all and rumours were spreading that they were about to go bankrupt. We had no info the next day and still no rep but were told by the hotel manager although it was not his responsibility he would try to find out what was happening and post it up on a notice board. We were told we would be updated at 1.30pm. By 5pm there was still no news some people had been stranded for 4 days at the hotel. We were told the flight could possibly go that night or maybe not for days as the airline could go bankrupt. We were eventually told the flight would be going at 3am and to check out at 8.30pm 712 hour check in which meant hours waiting at the airport unecessarily!. However the flight didnt leave until 5am eventually. During this time there was no airline rep present at at the airport at all to keep us informed so rumour was rife. When we landed at Sharjah we were not allowed off the plane while refuelling is this normal practice and delayed yet another hour for more maintenance. I would never ever fly with them again after this especially hearing about their appalling safety record and other peoples experience.
  Amsterdam to Denpasar via Medan on a 7yearold Airbus A330200 with a 2x4x2 seat configuration. Although the plane was relatively old, it didnt seem that way except for the quite small 9 screens and the outdated IFE. Garuda should really update this as the on demand choice is small and the software kind of slow. Excellent check in service. Very charming, polite and courteous crew. I just cant find any mistake in their passenger handling.  Legroom was good, plane was only half full. The cabin service including drinks, was fine as they kept coming and offered new drinks. Food was average in my opinion, snack choice available but limited. Previously you had to change planes in Jakarta to fly to Bali, now they offer a connection via Medan. In Medan the plane got refueled, cleaned a bit and half of the passengers left here, while passengers to Denpasar had to stay on the plane. They promise a 30mins layover, but ours was more like 90 mins, which wasnt really a problem as it makes the whole flight still shorter than via Jakarta before.  A very pleasant flight, will definitely fly Garuda again.
Pleased with our experience on Phuket Air  flight out was a little dissapointing as they were old seats with little recline. But we were the only two in Business Class so were treated like royalty  the best staff I have encountered. Return was different  much improved seating with cradle style resulting in a good nights sleep  but the food wasnt quite as good. I would fly Phuket Air Business Class again  such a good deal.
 We took Ryanair for all of our flights within Europe. 34 of flights were OK except that they were all at least 1 hour late. I was OK with this and was expecting this based on their reputation. On our flight from Berlin to Venice, we were rerouted and had to land in Verona about 1.5 hours from Venice Treviso due to a major storm. Ryanair has no ground staff to assist people which is why they can be budget. We landed late at night and 3 other Ryanair flights also landed in Verona due to the storm. There was a very nice lady employed by Verona Airport who was helping all the Ryanair customers. We were told to wait for buses arranged by Ryanair to take people from Verona to Treviso airport. People were fighting to get on the buses and we didnt understand why anyone would behave that way, considering Ryanair must surely know exactly how many buses they need to send based on how many flightspassengers had landed. Well, we were wrong. We also felt we should have been the last to go on the bus since all 3 other planes had landed before us and waited much longer. There were 40 people still left and we were told that the last bus was coming but it could fit only 16 people. Ryanair informed the airport over the phone that they would reimburse taxi fares for the remaining people. I am here to tell you that after months of backandforth email communication with Ryanair, they notified us that they do not need to reimburse us for a natural calamity since its not their fault. I understand thats their policy, but I wish we were not misled to believe that the taxi cost would be reimbursed. If we had known what we know now, we could have taken a taxi as soon as we landed instead of waiting for 3 hours on the sidewalk outside of Verona airport. If you are flying with this airline, just hope that you dont end up with any special situation needing customer service, otherwise you are probably OK.
  The aisle space was so tiny I believe it could be dangerous in an emergency situation. I couldnt even drag my small, carryon suitcase through the normal way I had to turn it on its side. The seats were arranged 343, a setup I havent even seen on larger planes. Its greedy and ridiculous. In an emergency situation its probably downright dangerous. We were packed in so tightly that we couldnt even get out without the person in the aisle seat having to move, or bend over to pick up items on the floor. My mom had pain and cramps the whole time from being jammed in so tightly. The PA barely worked so no one could properly hear what the captain was saying, and free wifi was advertised, but only actually given to people in business and first class. Everyone else had to pay extra if they wanted it. Any kind of service was painfully slow, probably due to the small aisles. However, the food was actually very good and the entertainment selection wasnt bad. We also werent sent our boarding passes until a few hours before the flight, causing unnecessary anxiety. Additionally, we were forced to wear our masks for an 8hour transatlantic flight. According to the CDC, wearing a mask while sleeping can be hazardous to your health and thats just what most people like to do on airplanes, especially long flights. If you want to feel like a human being and not a rat in a sewer, dont fly Iberia unless youre getting business or first class.
  Had the best experience with Vueling Airlines and we used assistance and had the best service there. Wen got off flight straight through, staff were friendly and kind. Will definitely use this service again.
 I had high expectations of Azerbaijan Airlines, after reading reviews on the internet. Unfortunately the overall experience was a little lackluster. The IFE did not work and the crew seemed to be moody and unwilling to do anything. When it came to food, although hot it did not taste very nice at all, I also put a wake me up sticker on my seat which involved a member of the crew shoving my bag a few times in order to wake me up, then quite literally be rude and ask chicken or beef limited food choice. Towards the rear of the aircraft all the arm rest seats were broken, this was annoying as the flight was not full and being a solo passenger I had a row to myself which I could not use. The return leg was marginally better, a full flight due to a cancellation the previous delay. The IFE was awfully outdated and very slow to load. I did manage to watch something which was good. The crew here were more attentive and actually seemed to enjoy bring on the flight. I would only recommend this airline if you prefer to flight direct to Azerbaijan.
  Premier class or whatever they call it is a complete waste. They give you the same uncomfortable seats and only put a bulky divider in the middle seat that they wont allow you to remove. Especially if traveling as a couple its better just to have economy and sit next to each other.
  Nadi to Melbourne on one of their Boeing 737800s. The journey was almost 6 hours and I felt cramped as it is a much smaller aircraft to the A330s they sometimes operate to Sydney and Melbourne. There was no wifi which wasnt really a significant issue but there were no individual IFE screens, only overheads showing two films of the airlines choice in intervals of the flight. Cabin service was ok and the meal was dinner, which also wasnt bad.
Flew with Royal Brunei from Melbourne to London in JulyAugust. Found the staff to be excellent, very friendly and they go out of their way to ensure a comfortable flight. The price was excellent and the quality and service is defintely worth more then the fare paid. The aircrafts are brand new 787s. They are spacious and have excellent legroom, Im 67 and was able to stretch out my legs under the seat in front of me with ease. The best legroom out of any of the major international airlines flying to Europe. Food was great. Good hearty meals and a decent portion size. Hot meals served on all 3 flights. Lots of snacks and drinks offered during the flight. It is a dry airline but being a part cultural thing, not having that glass of wine with my meal wasnt a huge deal, you can bring your own alcohol on board but noone seemed to take advantage of this. In flight entertainment is good, not the best variety when compared to other majors but a good selection of movies and TV shows to get you through the flight there and back. I didnt notice a huge change in the movies from July to August apart from a couple new additions but this certainly wasnt a big issue. If you want more movies, bring your own laptop. Two stop overs on the journey to London, a 3 hour stop in Brunei which is not too bad. Airport has been renovated and it very comfortable, apart from having poor wifi and the refuel stop in Dubai is a very quick 45 min stop so a good way to stretch your legs ready for the next leg. Will fly them again.
I work for a very large International corporation with hundreds of employees working in Afghanistan. At this time the company uses KAM Airlines but this airline loses passengers baggage on a regular basis. When our company has a new group of employees set to fly from Dubai to Kabul on KAM Airlines we always have to leave one company representative behind in Dubai for a couple of days to retrieve all of the baggage that has been lost.
  Our flight from Bordeaux to Olbia in Sardinia went very well with Volotea, we had no checked baggage, we were subscribed to megavolotea and were able to bring a cabin suitcase  a backpack. Just a little 30 min delay from Bordeaux but almost caught up on arrival. Notre vol de Bordeaux  Olbia en Sardaigne sest trs bien pass sur la compagnie Volotea, nous navions pas de bagages en soutes , nous tions abonns  mgavolotea et avons pu emmener une valise cabine  un sac  dos. Juste un petit retard de 30 min au dpart de Bordeaux mais presque rattrap  larrive.
  Check in staff at Seoul Incheon were unenthusiastic and seemed bored to be at work. My flight was rescheduled from Manila to Cebu and they reluctantly put me on the flight before as they told me to wait until I arrived in Manila but in 4.5 hours time maybe the early flight would have been full with others that had the same idea as me. Nice flight to Manila, when I arrived in Manila we were stuck on the plane for an additional 30 minutes as they couldnt connect the air bridge to the aircraft. Luckily the Manila to Cebu flight was delayed so I had an extra 25 minutes, the security staff at budget terminal 4 were unbelievably rude. The second A320 we were on to Cebu was so old. The only saving grace was the always great onboard service.
 Absolutely fantastic from start to finish. Found some aspects of the service as good as business. Have never been so impressed with a budget  charter carrier.
 My flight from Geneva to Madrid got delayed and only left me 55 minutes to make my connection in Madrid to Miami. I called customer support the day before to have them change my flight to make it back to Miami on Saturday night because I had to work on Sunday. They refused to change my flight because the minimum connection time was 55 minutes. I asked her to make an exception and she said she was texting her supervisor and he said no. She then hung up on me. My flight from Geneva to Madrid got delayed 25 minutes leaving me only 30 minutes for the connection. I called support again and asked them to put me on another flight as I have to make it back to Miami on Saturday and I was once again met with a representative that was not helpful at all. 
LUXLCY on Q400 and LHRLUX on ERJ135. I arrived very late at the airport but the checkin agents were helped me to get my flight. I spent no longer than 15 min inside the terminal building from checkin till boarding! Both flights very comfortable and perfectly on time. Spotless cabin interiors with spacious leather seating. FAs served snackboxes containing small sandwiches salad and sweets with a selection of newspapers and drinks  even beer and wine for free on these short one hour flights! Im very impressed with Luxair as they improved comparing to the last time I flew with them.
  Melbourne to London via Bandar Seri Begawan. The plane was elegant, the cabin crew very professional and made a long flight more pleasant. The food was great. I have to say that Royal Brunei is my favorite airline. The planes are new, Brunei airport is fairly small and easy to get around and to check in or transit, while the ground staff is polite. The inflight entertainment is very good, but there are spaces for improvement. Toilets and planes are the cleanest.
  The most horrible flying experience. I was absolutely appalled at the incompetence of this airline after my baggage didnt arrive at the TSA transit area at Manila airport. The ground staff seemed clueless and inexperienced at handling such situations. In the end my baggage never arrived at my final destination, and I was forced to wait 2 weeks to have my bag sent to Melbourne.
RUHSanaa return on time on both legs. RUHSHH sector was run by the customary A319 which look tired and old. No IFE and food was inedible. SHHRUH sector a newer A330 was used but still no IFE. Food on this sector was passable scrambled eggs and foul. On both sectors staff ensured that security procedures were adhered to which was reassuring.
  The first time I took my oneyear old baby on a long journey  Oct 31, 2020 BeijingToronto we met many difficulties. Fortunately, the flight attendants of Hainan Airlines gave us a lot of help. They took care of me and my baby all the way and provided very considerate service. I was deeply moved by their warm, patient behavior. They watched over the babys various needs along the way and played with him when he was upset and crying. Here I would like to express my special thanks to the HU7975 crew of Hainan Airlines, who gave us a perfect and impressive travel.
  Bangkok to Hong Kong. The really good thing about Hong Kong Airlines is that their prices are fairly reasonable and it remains that way even till a day or two before departure, which makes last minute flying with them great. Also, they do not charge a premium on oneway tickets i.e. The cost of a one way ticket is roughly half the cost of a return ticket, so it really helps when flying multiple destinations. Other than that, it is quite an average airline with average legroom, belowaverage food, service, average IFE, etc. This certainly isnt my first time flying with them, and theyre a justmeetingexpectations airline on the whole.  I appreciate and would recommend them for their flexibility especially for a lastminute traveler around Asia.
  Bari to Rome. Terrible experience. They lost my luggage, then shortly before I could have claim compensation they have lost it again. Customer service was not helpful at all and always took very long on calls.
  Hong Kong to Vancouver. First class old type of seat, open spaces. 8 seats in the cabin. There is a lot of space, good mattresses. The choice and quality of food is average, the drinks are excellent! The service is good. Great pajamas.
  PLAY delayed my luggage for two days. The clothing and incidentals I had to purchase they are trying to kick back as further use. In other words, I was supposed to wear the same underwear, socks, shirt, pants, not brush, my teeth, etc. etc. for 36 hours. They also suggested I should have rented my clothing. Are you kidding me? Additionally, they blamed me for not carrying on a bag which they would have charged me $50 even though I was checking an empty bag for work I was performing in Iceland the next morning. Are you kidding me? Blame me for checking a bag two hours in advance of a nonstop international flight? They also charge you for water in flight.  I will never fly them again. I take pity on anyone who flies them.
 My experience flying to Dublin with Play was a positive experience. I had flown with a similar airline in the past and knew that I had to be prepared to follow the guidelines for baggage precisely and bring any fooddrink that I wanted onboard to avoid additional costs. My return flight was not a positive experience. It was very stressful and there was almost no communication from Play during this stressful time. Our flight had been delayed and the communication about that delay was confusing or silent. The plane was not there at the time we were expected to board and there was no communication between that boarding time and the actual time we would be able to board. My group had a connecting flight in Reykjavk for 3pm that we realized we would miss, but when we asked flight attendants, they were unable to answer any questions. We did miss our connections flight and the only information we were told was to exit the airport to attend a meeting where we would find out more information. This is the situation I am most unsatisfied with. Exiting the airport felt like a bad idea, but that was the direction that was given if you wanted to receive more information. When we got to the meeting, there was no representative from Play. Only a man from the hotel shuttle service that told us Play was going to provide a room for us to stay overnight. No other options were presented. Due to a flight I had to catch in Boston for my friends wedding, I knew I had to fly out that day. So, I had to purchase a flight with a different airline and just hope to be refunded. Since Play had told us to exit the airport, I missed the next flight to Boston because there wasnt enough time to gather my boarding pass and go through TSA. Luckily, I was able to catch the last flight out of Reykjavk and everything eventually worked out. I received an email that said my flight would be fully refunded and provided with some compensation, which I appreciate. I would still recommend Play because the flight is one of the most affordable options. However, my advice to anyone choosing this airlines is to be prepared. Do your research and read the policies closely because you will not be able to communicate with Play directly. After rebooking the flight with a different airline I spent the next hour or two researching Play airlines policies and that helped me feel better about receiving a refund for my flight. Play did not ever provide the option to rebook a flight with a different airline, or that in some cases they will rebook a flight and transport you to the rear by airport. The website I used to research policies is here httpsairlinespolicy.comcancellationpolicyplayairlinescancellationpolicy I do not recommend calling them, customer service hung up twice.
  Riga to Frankfurt. We were forced to weigh our hand luggage and pay 60 eur for excess luggage due to 2 Rigas Balzams bottles that we bought at the duty free! They also changed our seats randomly. As much as i would like to support the local industry of my home region, I am leaving a negative review because the whole experience was a big nuisance and could have been avoided e.g. bigger airlines dont enforce such strict hand luggage policies. Will try to avoid in the future.
  Lost baggage and then no help. First time flyer with Transavia and wouldnt again. The flight itself was fine, nice plane although maybes a little dirty and lovely flight staff. If something goes wrong though youre on your own. My checked suitcase didnt leave the airport with us and it took 7 days before they found it. Now an unclaimed large suitcase sitting in an airport for 7 days just wouldnt happen. I assume that they dont make any effort and wait for someone else to ask if the luggage is one of their passengers. Once found now on my 3rd week and back home, were no where near getting our belongings back. Im being told to wait with no approximate timescale such as days, weeks, months before they can get it back to me. Im not even sure Ill get it back. And as others have said, claiming expenses for essentials while youre on holiday with none of your belongings is met with misplaced emails that miraculously appear after a lengthy phone call. Then you get a response asking for more information. Come on Transavia, mistakes happen which arent in your control but you dont need to do much to make your customers feel cared for. Can someone please just help.
  The expected hectic experience of flying international post covid for the first time was just fine. Air New Zealand ground staff were excellent and organised and the plane was on schedule. In fact they started boarding 45 minutes before takeoff and we left 15 minutes early, arriving 25 minutes early. It was my first experience on the 787 and apart from the 3x3x3 seating it didnt feel like a widebody. It was cramped and even with my 180cm frame and a 3 hour flight, the legroom was terrible in economy, a far cry from most 747 and A380 aircraft Ive flown on. In flight entertainment choices were well suited to under 40s not older passengers. Good food and beverage choices for an economy cabin. Well done to Air NZ for getting its act back together after a terrible time  maybe worth considering better aircraft than the 787 and slightly more generous legroom.
  Shenzhen to Beijing. It was a new Boeing 7879 with seating 121 which gave ample room and privacy. The seat could converted into a flat bed which is rare to find in any domestic flights. Three course dinner was served with good choice of red and white. The hostesses worked hard to get their job done as it was a two and half hour flight, yet polite and attentive. 
  I booked last minute ticket from Canberra to Melbourne. The web check in was not available and they closed their check in even though I reached on time.  I waited in the door the flight got delayed and they still didnt allow me to enter. Customers are last priority for them. Not very helpful and friendly. 
 Worst airline ever! Just when you think it cant get any worse it does. I paid for my suitcase when I purchased my ticket but because it was a little bigger they made me pay an additional fee as if it were sports equipment. I purchased water in the airport but they would not allow me to bring on plane. They dont serve anything on the flight. Not even water, no TVs or any form of entertainment. First and last time traveling this airline. Horrible customer service!
Flew Air Berlin as a coshare with Etihad out of Abu Dhabi to Berlin. Slightly delayed departure time. AB seat configuration 2 x 4 x 2, with seats 43HK, Noticeably down grade on this aircraft from the A380, more dated appearance and fitout but well maintained and clean. Seat spacing reduced and generally more cramped feel, seat not particularly great or comfortable but bearable for 7hr flight  would not like to do any longer. Plane was close to capacity. Flight was up to usual German expectations for efficiency and service. Ive noticed some general poor reviews for AB but not reflective of our experience several longshort haul. The service onboard was very good and the food quality slightly better than the Etihad offerings, also noted 2 x meal services on 7 hr flight, which was the same as Etihad for 14hr flight. Cabin amenities well maintained in clean condition throughout the flight. On board entertainment  below other offerings and screen size a little on the small side to the more modern offerings but screen quality still good. Overall trip into Tegal was smooth and hassle free  still love Tegal for its compactness and convenience to CBD. Disappointing to note AB no longer provide their welcome to Berlin chocolate heart Fassbender  Rauch on departing the plane  really looked forward to this little parting treat. Would recommend and use this carrier again.
 This airline should be cancelled. Ive flown Boutique several times to get to and from school. Every single time the flight has either been cancelled or delayed and the employees are unaccommodating and rude. Never flying again.
  We paid $842 for 2 return flights from Brisbane to Bali for my birthday in July. After Covid19 hit and travel was restricted, we applied for a refund as my husband has a lung condition so is at high risk if he catches the infection. We explained we would be unable to travel until a vaccine was available and that travel vouchers would be of no use to us. After waiting 2 months, we tried to call the Australian office but it had been closed. We emailed customer care and 2 hours later we received an email reply containing 2 travel vouchers for $152.72 each which need to be re booked by May 2021. We are told these were sale priced tickets which are non refundable and that we can only get back the Australian taxes we would have paid for this flight. This is disgusting, it was not our fault that the pandemic had forced these restrictions! For a company to take our hard earned money, be unable to provide a service and only offer such a pitiful amount on useless travel vouchers we will be unable to redeem in time, is shameful and theft. Travel insurance wont cover this and we are forced to to complain to the Malaysian consumer complaints commission in an attempt to recoup our loss. They should not be allowed to get away with taking peoples money for nothing. 
  Pyongyang to Vladivostok. Clean classic aircraft with amazing engine sound. Seats were a bit narrow, but okay for a flight of around one hour and ten minutes. Cabin staff was friendly, sandwich and lemonades, water were provided free. Excellent experience.
JNB to Durban. On time and crew were great  loved the comedy in the announcements. Aircraft clean and not too tired. Recommend them to anyone looking for well priced flights in South Africa.
  When things go well with this airline, you get a valueformoney and pretty comfortable experience while getting to wherever youre going. The hard product is  pretty good newish aircraft, and good seat options esp. on the A321neo and the flight and cabin crew are easily among the best Ive flown with so far. When things fall apart, such as technical issues, Ground Ops at DEL is unable to plan ahead or communicate effectively. Despite having the three hours the flight was delayed to start making plans and arrangements, while 2 men worked, the other 3 men at the DEL transfer desk were either folding their arms or looking concerned, refusing to answer any questions while a dozen or so pax from a severely delayed incoming flight are either rushing for their connection or were simply brushed away without being given the basic accommodation.  Customer Care is only interested in blame deflection rather than feedback, repeating statements about technical issues and safety when the feedback was not about the technical delay at all. 
CCSHAVCCS. Received 2 emails a week before the flights that both departure times changed and had to change connection flight on the return. Arrived 4 hrs early to make sure the time wasnt going to change again but the flight was not listed on the departure board. 30 mins before we were supposed to take off there was a line to an unmarked checkin counter next to where we were told to wait finally checkin and told to go to gate 21B which doesnt exist but we all wait in the area of gate 21. 3 hrs later we are escorted to a bus that drives 10 mins away from the airport to an abandoned air strip. Ended up getting to Cuba around midnight and again they drive the bus away from the main terminal to another out of the way receiving area. Lost a day and gained unwanted stress on the way there.
  I booked a flight with Vietnam Airlines before the covid crisis. As so many flights, it got cancelled, not their fault at all. They offered me a rebooking, which I had to pay an additional fee for. Now they cancelled my second flight, too, and told me that I wont get any refund, not even a voucher. This is unacceptable, they keep my money, make me pay a fee for a flight change and now keep that too. 
  The flight from BNE to DOH in November 2022 was very pleasant in QSuite and with an amazing staff and great food. I was very happy. The flight from DOH to ZRH on the other hand was on a very old plane and staff didnt seem motivated. My Virgin Australia flight from MEL to BNE got cancelled and Qatar did give me the choice to go without that leg or cancel the entire flight. I had to organise the rebooking myself and they kept sending me emails about cancelled flights which every time I had to investigate to find out that there were no cancellations. The Customer service of Qatar ignored my complaint and did not respond.
  New York to Bologna via Dusseldorf, July 3rd 2017. The departure time at JFK was 940pm Flight No. 7481. I was at the checkin point with plenty of time 700pm. The flight attendant told me there is a 3hour delay because a baby got sick on the plane and they had to land. She told me not to worry my connecting flight layover was 3.5 hours so I would have made it and they would have made up some time during the flight. At the gate I was told they had to change my connecting flight to Bologna to a later flight at 830pm instead of 255pm a serious problem for me, but they told me that they only did that as a precaution in case I cannot make it to the original flight at 255pm which is what I had booked. The attendant at the gate told me that once in Dusseldorf I would have been able to take the Flight 8686 at 255pm. We boarded at 1245am with more than 3 hours delay. We finally took off and on board I asked what I should do once in Dusseldorf. They said as soon as outside the aircraft look for the information point with Air Berlin attendants and they would have told me where to go to get to the original flight 8686. The flight attendant sent me to Gate B56 and warned me to hurry because the flight was departing in less than an hour. I ran to Gate B56 only to find no one there. I went to another attendant who told me that Flight AB 8686 was at Gate 44 two floors down. I ran again with a heavy backpack and a carryon. I had to stop to catch my breath and I felt dizzy. Two police officers saw me and asked me if I was OK. I had to explain what happened to them because they were concern about my health. I finally made it to Gate B44. The Flight 8686 also departed with about 15 minutes delay. On board,  I had to pay for coffee €2.50 for a regular coffee.  At that point I only wanted to get to my final destination. We landed in Bologna BLQ about 10 minutes late. There I had the final humiliation my baggage was missing. I went to Baggage claim and was told that probably my suitcase was moved to a later flight which will land at night around 1030pm. I filed a complaint form there and they told me they should call me if the baggage arrives and I would have to go back to the airport to pick it up. It is now 930pm and on the Air Berlin website there still no information about my baggage. This has been a horrible experience. I will now have to go back to the airport to hopefully pick up my luggage tonight. Im exhausted and outraged by Air Berlin.
  This is the worst flight I ever did in my life. More than 5 hours late. We never reached the right airport. Left in the middle of nowhere, in the middle of the night, alone with other passengers. According to the European Legislation we should have the right to get partially refunded but no answer on their side. Nonexistent Customer service. Waiting for an answer for more than 2 years.
  Sydney  Amsterdam  Frankfurt Singapore stopover  Sydney. All flights were up to the old SIA standards of service. Checkins and transfers were easy and the lounges were clean and wellstocked. Meals ordered online and were tasty and well presented with plentiful beer, wines and spirits offered with them and during the flight  possible a little too enthusiastically. The cabin crew were friendly and efficient and made the flights very pleasant indeed. You do need to ask for amenity kits and slippers if you want them and the absence of an offer of hot towels was initially disappointing but a plentiful supply was discovered in the wash rooms for selfserve. The lieflat beds were made up by the crew if you showed any hesitation in figuring out how they worked and were comfortable once you became used to the idea of sleeping on a bed where the lower half was offset to the upper half. Cabin WiFi worked OK and the IFE seemed to have a reasonable selection, although eating and sleeping were my preferred options on the overnight flights. All in all, SIA seems to be back with their reputation intact.
  Singapore to Vancouver via Taipei. Staff was very attentive and professional in service. Aircraft was clean and properly maintained with aisle access for every passenger. Food was nicely presented with good preparation as per my prerequisite. Comparable to world leader Singapore airline if not better.
Freeport to Nassau with Bahamasair. Initial flight from Nassau was delayed by 3 hours from 630 pm to 930pm and the returning flight was scheduled at 645pm and at 1015pm I am still in the terminal. Customer service representatives do not even give updates and the airline does not seem able to stick to basic principles of time.
 Worst experience ever! Paid for upgraded seats and discovered that 3 other people had paid for and been assigned the same seats. On our return we were booked to leave Halifax at 4 p.m. A friend happened to call us at 9 a.m. to say they had received an email saying that our flight had changed to 11 a.m. We had a mad dash back home, grabbed our suitcases and flew way above the speed limit to get to the airport on time. Also had to return a rental car and then run to the gate. Too much for a 68 yr old! Imagine too, not even a coffee, tea or water was offered, except for sale. Never fly Flair again! First and last time.
  Vienna to Catania. Their customer care is non existent, our plane was diverted from Catania to Malta for unspecified technical problems. 70 people including kids left with no support for 6 hours overnight in an indecent airport,  no manager showed up and nobody of their ground crew had an idea of what was going on! 
  Have 10 luggage allowance but used only 8, in addition to frame. When I wanted to check in at the seventh circle office, they told me that the frame will not be allowed to board the airplane because the sum of dimensions is above 205 cm it is 240 cm! I see people check in way larger items and bulky luggages. Even if you think of luggage dimensions sum, it would be more the frames. I keep hearing that Royal Jordanian is the worst airline to fly with and didnt believe it till I experienced their customer service! Will not fly with them again.
  This airline is just very unprofessional and just has horrible communication. My flight was canceled the day of the flight 4 hours the scheduled time. I am traveling with family and this was very difficult for all of us to relocate to another island and rearrange our schedules work schedules. We were told it was due to bad weather but every other flight was able to fly and get to their destinations. On top of it all the flight attendants are just very rude. I hope to never fly with them again respectfully.
  I feel the need to say how pleased we were with our recent flight too Antalya from Bristol on 2522022. The crew going out to Antalya from Bristol was absolutely amazing. . As for disembarking from the flight the control they had by ensuring each row left the plane in order was to me amazing. Normally you are all trying to get out of your seats at the same time. The return flight from Antalya was a Wonderful experience too. I can only say it was the first time us using Jet2 but it definitely will not be our last. Well done for a first class service from a very grateful customer.
Azerbaijan Airlines ran a very smooth service from London to Baku. Checkin was straightforward and they arranged for me to have an emergency exit seat with superb legroom. The staff were very friendly and provided pleasant service throughout, not disturbing me on an overnight flight. The drinks offering lacked good wine sadly, but this did not detract from the overall experience. The kosher meal I had was virtually a banquet, and the quality was excellent. We landed ahead of schedule and had a very smooth visa registration process in Baku. I was pleasantly impressed by the service and would gladly travel with AZAL again.
I used Greenlandair now Air Greenland on the Kangerlussuaq to Copenhagen route twice. The flight was nice and on time. The Boeing 757200 which will now be changed to an Airbus A330 model was very clean. Ive also taken SAS Scandinavian Airlines on this flight and Air Greenland had a more traditional feeling to it probably because it is Greenlandic. I will definitely use them again on this route.
 After flying sometimes as often as twice a week on all airlines across the globe for the last twenty years, I can conclude this airline is by far one of the worst. To make matters worse, they manage to confuse me with repeated and different random requests that seems to serve no purpose except to upset their guests. Other passengers on the same flight were equally confused and shocked. Just fly Avianca to expect normal service levels, Ive paid the same amount if not less for much better service.
  I have never in my life been treated so poorly by an airline. We were supposed to leave Austin by 550am and arrive to NYC by 230pm. We were stuck in Austin for 5 hours before our flight took off. And then we missed our layover. They rebooked us to a flight that wouldnt get us to NYC until 130am almost 12 hours later than our original booking. Which means the hotel we paid for already, that we would not be able to use today, would be money wasted. Im explaining how inconveniencing to our travel, time and finances their mistakes were today we were told that all they could do is give us two $50 vouchers that expire in August. Why after a day of being told that my time, money and travel didnt matter to them would I want to fly with them again. I tried to at least get my money back for the flights to cover the hotel cost we lost out on and they refused. Then I get my boarding passes and our seats arent together. Mind you, the two people in front of me asked if they could be moved to sit together and they were accommodated immediately. When explaining, kindly, what sort of day weve had due to spirit and asking if I could please sit with my husband and they refused to do it. After explaining that they just did it for the people in front of me, I was rudely denied with attitude and threatened to get kicked off of the plane and put on the next flight. I am so exhausted with dealing with such an unaccommodating and rude airline. Because of Spirit Airlines our very much needed getaway has started out so poorly and I have not felt cared for at all. I will never fly Spirit again and am just so sad with how I have been treated today. I am trying so hard to not let it ruin our trip. I am so discouraged.
Very quick 40 minute flight from Athens to Mykonos and back. Great helpful staff and they tried to serve a drink each way and a snack but ran out of time. New aircraft and comfortable economy seating.
  Paris to Miami. I was skeptical about flying Corsair after reading very mixed and lessthanstellar reviews, however, I was pleasantly surprised. Our trip I traveled with my adult daughter took place during the second week of March 2020 and the Corona virus drama. Checkin at MIA was uneventful. Since it was not a soldout flight, we each sat in a different row. OK, so the airplane had the look and feel of a discount airline narrow, thinly padded vinylfeeling seats, however, legroom was pretty decent and the movie selection wasnt terrible. Food was pretty bad in terms of quality and variety, but I paid $400 RT, so I wont complain. Flight left on time and got us there ahead of schedule, so perhaps my bar is set pretty low, but I was a happy camper. For the flight back from Paris to Miami, we were scheduled for Monday, March 16 2020 .. on Thursday morning I find out about the whole travelers ban, and all sorts of red lights start flashing. I try to call Corsair to move the flight up and their telephone system is terrible. Prior to to leaving Miami, I tried calling them to ask a couple of questions and all the calls were greeted with a prerecorded message from a callforwarding system. A day later, all I got was a message that seemed to be recorded by someone at home. That was a very offputting experience. Similar situation when trying to call their Paris number calls were repeatedly immediately disconnected. Until the receptionist at the hotel suggested I call the 3917 number how is a tourist supposed to know that? at like $0.40 per minute. I was finally able to speak to a representative, who very courteously listened to our situation, took my information, and promised to call me back to let me know what could be done. An hour later she called to let me know that our departure had been moved to Friday, March 13, so Corsair gets major points there! Checkin at Orly went without a hitch and since we were only like 60 passengers in an A330, we had room to spare. This was a different A330, fabric seats and 9 abreast instead of 8 narrow!. I moved up to the Economy Plus section .. besides a little more legroom and the fact that they recline a little more fully, I cannot understand nor justify the price differential. The seats are the same width and just as thin as those in economy. Flight left about 45 minutes late due we were told to immigration issues with a passenger. Cabin crew was attentive, polite, even happily served me an extra couple of lunches when I asked midway through the flight I was starving!, and had bottles of water, juices and soft drinks on the galley counter to serve yourself whenever you were thirsty. So no complaints there. Overall, we got our moneys worth plus plus. If youre looking for something of the caliber of Lufthansa Premium Economy or Business, then you will not be satisfied, but if youre looking for an inexpensive flight that gets you where you need to go, the Corsair probably wont disappoint.
 Chaotic checkin at Gatwick as plane had been changed and everybodys reserved seats had to be changed. We had paid extra for up front extra leg room seats but didnt get them. Still allocating seats at departure gate so plane was late into Lisbon. Great flight from Lisbon to Sao Tome, flight less than half full. Was bussed to aircraft and then waited nearly half an hour on a hot enclosed bus to board. I have arthritis and was in a lot of pain having to stand for that long. Food was inedible. Flight back was awful. Took 3 hours to book in in a very hot booking hall and flight left nearly 2 hours late. Flight was full and arrived at a remote stand in Lisbon. Once again on a packed bus. Just managed the connection to London and amazed that our luggage arrived with us. Will avoid using TAP in future.
  For a regional airline, Loganair gave a fantastic impression on me. It was expensive £200 one way, however, I booked at the very last minute at the FlexPlus fare. Lovely ground experience my bag was too big to be brought inside the cabin and the manager just kindly offered to place it in the cargo hold, excellent flight crew and lovely service delicious cookies, cold and hot beverages. Seats were comfortable for a turboprop and what I also liked very much was that the ATR72 was not as noisy as, say, Dash8. One thing I would suggest is that they introduce a fully refundable fare instead of just allowing to change flights with no charge.
  Bloemfontein to Johannesburg. The service i got at Bloemfontein airport was horrible, Im not happy at all. I arrive at the airport at 915 and they told me i cant check in for a flight that departs at 940. Every time their flight gets delayed i dont complain but when i arrive at 915 i was told to book another flight. 
  Aberdeen to Corfu  return. Temp was too cold, snack choice was rubbish. Even though we had a disabled child, and made this clear at booking, we were still at A and B seats so had to sit with another person not in our party on the isle seat meaning that every time my daughter needed the toilet or anything, we had to ask the man to move. He was very impatient and by the time we were on a return flight, we were forced to move seats, sitting separately. Really late boarding by over 1.5 Hours, departure area is terrible at Corfu Airport, so very very uncomfortable there, and there is no airport lounge. Food very expensive. Arrivrd back at Aberdeen in the early hours, too late to drive home, so had to spend night at airport. Airline staff OK but not very friendly or helpful, didnt listen to what was ordered. Would never book with TUI ever again.
London to Aden direct flight. Everything was OK except flight went down to Sanaa not continuing to Aden. There was no information during flight concerning this. 35 passengers was left to Sanaa airport. Next plane to Aden was departing after 18 hours. Luckily Yemenia paid us taxi so we went last 350km with Peugeot 505 with driver  four people and luggages. I fly few times From ADE to SAA and back during my stay. Every flight had some problems. Return flight from Aden to Sanaa had to be confirmed twice before departure. From Sanaa to Frankfurt flight was OK. It seems that domestic flights are made with left hand but international flights are taken care better. Next time I went to Aden via Dubai DXBADEDXB was with Yemenia with no big problem only some delays. On international flights cabin crew was also better than domestic flights.
  Absolutely terrible experience. On the flight out, SriLankan Airlines did not acknowledge dietary requirements and lost our baggage for a week. When they eventually got it back to us, it was damaged. On the flight home our flight was delayed by 24 hours. They didnt communicate this to us until we were in the airport despite knowing about the delay all day and continuously sending emails trying to get us to buy upgrades. For every step of the way they were difficult to get information from and incredibly unhelpful.
 Book a ticket with this airline only if you are ready for reschedule. They will make sure it gets rescheduled and most of the time with any announcement.
  Denpasar to Yogyakarta. I chose NAM Air because no other airline flew from Denpasar to Jogjakarta that evening and that would be a new experience for me.  Thinking that the price of over baggage will be affordable as I read through several website in Google that the range is between 15.000  81.000 depending on the distance, so I decided to check all of my suitcases. I went to the check in counter, the CS was friendly enough. After showing my ID, and mentioning my destination, the staff weighed my bags, it turned out that they are over baggage  the maximum weight is 15 kg and the total weight of my bags is 30 kg. Then, the customer said that, the price for over baggage is 100.000 per kilogram. Therefore, I needed to pay 1.5 million for those bags. Well, my ticket was 1 million so I thought that the price for my over baggage didnt make any sense. Eventually, I decided to check only one bag and brought the small baggage into cabin. Still, I had to pay 700.000 for my baggage. Thats very expensive compared to another airlines. At that time, the staff didnt accept card payment so that I had to withdraw some money from ATM machine. The check in process went smoothly except for those weird baggage policy. The flight schedule was ontime, not many passengers on the plane that evening, maybe only 13 of airplane were filled. No bus, so the staff took us to the plane by minibus better than walking though, but the other passengers must wait for the minibus since they only operated one. The plane was old  the interior atmosphere was not that fresh, however, the flight quality as good. As soon as the passengers arrived on the place, the FA distributed some candies. We also had bread and small mineral water. Its under my expectation, noticing the amount of money that Ive paid for the flight. Since, I was so tired after having a long flight, then I just let it go and slept during the flight. The flight went smoothly though despite the plane age. I arrived ontime, I also got my baggage faster less than 10 minutes after arrival. However, the problem appeared, the tag code in my bag was different to what I have in my ticket although they share the same name so that the staff stopped me for a while for further investigation. Another staff came and checked my bag, and let me go. Still, lot of people staring at me  thinking that I might take somebodys suitcase. For security reason,I know that it is good to check the baggage codes, but the staffs must be trained of what to do in case the same situation happens  not just keep questioning or blaming the customer because of having different codes.
  Cabo to Calgary. Worst airline I have ever flown. Not only do they pack people in like sardines, their staff were plain out rude to me. Will never use Sunwing again. 
 Wonderful flight, excellent cabin crew and cooperative ground staff. Service with a smile seems to be the mantra here with everyone. I always fly SpiceJet.
TbilisiBaku and BakuTbilisi with ATR prop aircraft. Most days they have two flights in each direction one on the ATRs and one on 737s. The ATR plane was good clean fixtures and toilets in fine shape. Inflight service for these short hops consisted of small sandwiches think a small round sliced bun with sliced chicken breast and mayo inside plus drinks. Passengers all ordered non alcoholic drinks but I assume alcoholic drinks would have been available. The flight attendants were professional and polite though not bubblyfriendly. Crew all spoke English well. The return GYDTBS flight had a friendlier smiling flight attendant. Overall Id say the airline gave quite a good service.
  Amsterdam to Malta. I was forced to check in my hand luggage. They said there was no room in the plane, so it had to go in the hold. It was opened and things stolen. The whole reason I only took hand luggage. No compensation, it wasnt their responsibility they said. 
  Zurich to Keflavk in Saga Class. This was a nearflawless flight. Icelandair uses the mediocre Aspire Lounge at Zurich Airport. The 757 is part of Icelandairs old fleet and is being phased out with the induction of the new 737 MAX aircraft. While the incoming aircraft was slightly delayed, they made up for for the lost time with an ontime arrival into Keflavk. Onboard service was excellent. The IndianAsian vegetarian meal was not. Icelandairs WiFi, when it works, is among the best in the business and is complimentary for Saga Class passengers.
  Checking in for the Budapest  Warszawa flight at Budapest Airport was really slow. Then we departed with almost 30min delay. So I had short time to catch the connecting plane to Vilnius. But the flight was pleasant, served some treats apple buns on both plane. At the Vilnius Airport I realized, my luggage was missing, at the luggage office they told me, it was on the next plane. Waiting a few hours doesnt hurt me that much. On my way back from Vilnius to Budapest went everything good. Overall, LOT could be better, but its not that bad.
  Kuala Lumpur to Langkawi. I like Malindos Boeing planes, but the turboprop was awful. Starting from the airport in Kuala Lumpur Subang, checkin and boarding process and the flight itself. Seats are super tiny in those planes. It was short, but very uncomfortable flight. I gave it a try, but dont want to do it again. Id rather go to KLIA and fly on a normal plane.
Trinidad to New York return. Check in was quick with the flight leaving on time. The cabin attendants were very accommodating, food was very tasty. The return trip was also excellent, dinner onboard was excellent. I recommend anyone to try Caribbean Airlines.
  Boston to Rome Fiumicino with Alitalia. We paid for a premium economy seat and just 72 hours before the flight they changed the plane and kicked us to economy without any explanation. They were rude when we tried to call them and offered no help when we were very confused. When we got to the airport the checkin staff were extremely rude and just wanted us to go away. I kid you not the was the most uncomfortable flight I have ever been on. The crew only wanted to serve you on their schedule and woke me up to Chicken or Beef? I never received an explanation why we were kicked out but we were partially refunded.
  Beijing to London. After I got off the plane, I found no baggage, I found that there was no result for about two hours, and there was a suitcase that was exactly the same as my suitcase. Brand, model, color are the same has been unclaimed. After the airport staff said that let me contact Air China, Air China has passenger contact information and gave a baggage agency company list file number, and said it would help find, after the exit my son to China Air China The phone was transferred to the baggage office, and then my son suggested that the airline contact the owner of the unclaimed box. Then the customer service said, Sorry, our airline does not have the customers contact information, but we recorded the file. And said it twice. My son contacted GBS baggage agency at 730 pm London time on the 29th. During the exchange, the staff called this passenger took the wrong baggage, but the baggage was not found. After that, I called again at 11.59 in the evening. The customer service still said that if there was any problem, please contact the London airport, after my repeated questioning, the customer service changed the name and said Contact China Air Chinas partner company at the London airport Thirdparty outsourcing companies are completely unable to provide effective and reasonable solutions. When it comes to allowing Air Chinas partner companies in London to reply to the process of this incident every day, the customer service said that no permission, no idea, only message, in my After mentioning the compensation, the customer service said that the baggage will be searched for within 21 days. If the baggage is not found after 21 days, the baggage tag will be lost and the airport will be compensated. But as far as I know, it is only passive waiting to find the baggage. The person who got the wrong baggage contacted the airport, but until now, Air China did not receive the wrong number of luggage.
  I bought an Air Transat ticket through Expedia big mistake  Expedia is the worst. It says on the itinerary that Air Transat changes are free and on ATs website, they say all flightsall ticket classes include free changes if purchased before August 31, 2021. Mine was purchased in May 2021. Expedia is denying the free change. I waited an hour on the phone with Air Transat for them to say its not their issue but Expedias. If you sell through Expedia, youre responsible. The agent on the phone said that the only way to resolve these issues is by conference call with both Expedia and Air Transat. I asked how I could do that and she said she did not know how its possible to arrange such a conference call. 
  The business class experience with Air New Zealand is excellent. The cabin crew were friendly and attentive and nothing was too much trouble for them. The drinks were served well and more was offered, the food was OK, though not brilliant, and the lie flat beds a mystery to set up, but the crew did it for us were extremely comfortable. The stand out for us was the excellent customer service on the flight. However, we would not fly the route via Hong Kong again as the code share arrangement with Cathay makes it very difficult to prebook seats and Air New Zealand customer service on the ground is non existent. A recorded message telling you that there is a three hour queue for the phone to be answered is unacceptable. We tried email and got an answer two weeks later telling us to phone. Ridiculous! We finally solved it by emailing the Air NZ office in Hong Kong and got an almost instant and helpful answer. If they can do it there, why not for UK customers?
  We flew from Catania to Paris CDG via Milan LIN on ITA Airways. While for the most part everything is still branded Alitalia, we found both of our flights perfectly nice. Check in at Catania was smooth and the agent was friendly. Note There is not an ITA lounge in Catania which is actually a larger airport than we expected. We did use Priority Pass to enter the one lounge available. It is small and not worth the stop. However, it was a place to escape the rather crowded airport. The flight from Catania to Milan Linate left early and arrived early. Cabin Crew were friendly and attentive. Service was minimal in Business Class with just juice, water, soda offered along with a bag of sweet or salty snacks. The flight was just short of 2 hours so we were surprised that there was not a more robust service offered. Connection in Milan Linate was very easy. We had some time about 70 minutes and did visit the ITA Lounge. It was very nice with plenty of staff and not overcrowded. There was a full bar with all the offerings along with a nice selection of foods. Instead of selfserve food, there was an attendant that plated your requests. This was nice as to not have multiple people hovering over food and using all of the utensils, etc. Boarding for the flight from Milan Linate to Paris CDG was done effective and efficiently by bus to a remote stand. Boarding was from both the front and back of the aircraft which worked well. We left about 10 minutes early and arrived about 15 minutes early. Service on board was again very good with lunch served. A bit surprised as this flight was just short of 90 minutes. Warm panini, salad, desert, etc. along with wine. Overall, the service was very nice. No inflight entertainment or WiFi on either aircraft. Arrival in Paris CDG was easy and a short walk to baggage claim. Both bags arrived without issue and timely, just 1520 minutes after landing. Overall, I hope ITA continues to improve where Alitalia seemed to give up. Would certainly fly them again.
 Warning Prepaid services ie meals and priority boarding were not delivered! My family and I did not receive our prepaid meals. If you prepay for priority boarding good luck trying to exercise this additional service. There is no crowd control at the gate and the airline staff does not provide a mechanism to ensure priority boarding is honored. Airport experience at Orly Paris, French Bee is total mayhem with no clear lines.
  Delayed return to UK with TUI Airways due to crew sent to wrong plane at London Gatwick on the outbound journey on the morning of 24032019. They then tried to imply that the Italians were to blame for missed slot! Maybe if they had arrived on time they would have used the slot the were allocated. That was why we were then hungry on the flight and my daughter getting and trying to eat her pasta while we landed.
 An airline that lives in their past glory and heading a future of crisis is British Airways. I am not joking we are a family of 7 all in Business Class heading for a Norwegian and Arctic Cruise and they lost 10 of our bags! They will never see me on any of their flights ever a disaster of an airline
A319 from FRA to LED on 201403. Very good seats sufficient leg room. Good food and beverages. I miss the glass of wine. No Audio  Video onboard but fine for 3 hours. However for this excellent price it is acceptable.
 Casablanca to Athens. I have never dealt with such an unprofessional airline company and I do travel a lot. My flight was cancelled and replaced with Istanbul instead of Athens. I mean do they expect me to go there? They are not answering any of my calls or emails. I have filed 2 refund claims already.
  Sydney to Kununurra . Thank you for the great service rendered by the flight crew for the flight that left Kununurra at 6pm to Darwin on the 23rd December,. All credit goes to them as it was the best smooth landing I have ever experienced.
 I have been a loyal customer of El Al for 40 years. I have flown intensively, especially during my years as a global marketing manager for an Israeli company. We are now retired and travel mainly for pleasure. El Al has never been a premium airline, but we usually have been feeling secure, safe and in good hands. Cabin crews have been attentive and an advantage for those that do not communicate in other language besides Hebrew. We pay a premium for that, never mind! Our last flight, May 2023, from Prague to TLV has been a summit of disappointment. First of all, we pay to flight on full fare category and none of the low, low cuts usual these days. You want to be competitive, do it by improving service not the opposite ways with cuts and cuts. To start with, the aircraft was, I think, Sun DOr vintage, the sometime low cost company of El Al. They had probably rescued the plane from the El Al vintage museum. The aircraft had probably undergone some thorough technical check up no problems with the flight itself. The cabin had been left for the last and forgotten. My particular seat was found not within the safety norms and we were required to move to another row. Fortunately the emergency exit row was available, but that is not the issue. The widely advertised El Al WiFi inboard was not functioning, in spite of the best efforts of the crew. The sandwich was tasty but, come on, this was not a low cost flight, no food, no coffee, water at the most. We had the option to check our trolleys and avoid the hassles of cabin carrying. For commodity we opted to carry them with us. But with such an aircraft, inside space was very limited and without too many explanations our trolleys were sent to the belly. Big difference  The cabin crew was in generally attentive and managed to do their best. The checking and boarding crew was unprofessional. No Hebrew speakers, no Israeli security personnel. Mind you. We pay a premium to have Israeli personnel in those positions, including stations chiefs. The boss of the departure crew could barely speak Hebrew. So, if youre going to be like the others then the game is open for all the Israeli travellers. If you are not going to receive what you have been assured and paid for the last 40 years, just come into the open and be like the others.
 It was an utterly awful experience from start to finish. I fly this route a lot, usually with Emirates or Qatar and had read some good things so thought Id try out Vistara business class. The fun started at boarding in Dhaka where there was no business priority and an approx. hour queue to clear security in to the gate where three separate flights were taking off from. Dhaka is an old airport with security at the gates but other airlines manage it just fine. There was only one Vistara employee checking boarding cards and when I asked him about Business priority and told him I would miss the flight he just shrugged and walked off. I only made the flight by taking my life in my hands and queue jumping, nearly causing a riot in the process. The flight Dhaka to Delhi is Premium economy not business  the seat is even labelled as such. Transfer at Delhi very odd  despite having a boarding pass I was escorted to the transfer desk to be given another one. I couldnt access the WiFi as I hadnt been sent the code I apparently needed and no one on board has any. And then having paid $20 for it it cut off halfway through despite being advertised as whole flight and I had to pay again! And then to cap it off, on arrival at Heathrow the business class bags came off last rather than first, which felt like a good summation of the whole experience. Never again.
  The original flight was suppose to depart from Johor at 9am and was initially delayed to 11.45am. Then delayed to 1.15pm and again to 3.15pm. THE airline does not even have the courtesy to inform via email or sms of the delayed. By right that many hours of delay should come with at least a meal voucher. No explanation given.
 Lisbon to Sofia with Bulgaria Air. Tasty sandwich served onboard along with complementary bottle of water on boarding which is a nice touch however for a four hour flight it didnt seem enough. The aircraft seemed very old and almost decrepit with very worn out leather seats. It was the first time I feared for safety when travelling. There was much turbulence on departure from Portugal. Cabin crew were young and rather unprofessional. They seemed as if they wouldnt want to be bother. The flight departed and landed precisely on time. My biggest problem however was legroom which made this night flight atrocious.
 This is the worst airline experience Ive ever had. I saw a poster for Breeze in the Provo airport. I have flown on Allegiant many times between Provo and Phoenix for work, but no flight was available on my desired day of travel so I decided to give them a try. The actual flight was fine, on time, very clean new plane, no bells and whistles but I didnt expect any, even though I paid $200 for a one way ticket including paying for my checked bag. And here becomes the issue. I spent over an hour in Phoenix baggage claim and my suitcase never showed up. Happens, right? Not like this. There is no one at a ticket counter, no one in baggage claim, NO ONE TO CALL. Thats right, they do not speak to their passengers by phone. My options to locate my bag were text, email or Facebook messenger seriously. I would never have flown an airline that doesnt provide customer service by phone had I known. I sent an email and text only to receive an automatic reply to please allow up to TWO WEEKS for a response. WHAT? I paid to check this bag and they lost it after an hour long flight and now I cant contact anyone to find it. Its so upsetting and appalling. As I began to inventory the lost items my panic, frustration and nausea grew. I have sent messages daily for the last five days, finally received an email with a lost bag claim number, no apology, no recourse, the email said I could text to ask about reimbursement to the number I already texted with no response. How can a business treat its customers like this? I dont get it. I have worked in hospitality for 25 years and this is just dumbfounding. What about brand loyalty? Repeat customers? Not if they dont care enough to have someone answer the phone when losing their personal property! The worst part, staff in the departing, arrival and flight continuing airports have all told me that this happens all the time. They see people wander around baggage claim and then begin to realize their bags are gone and theres no one to talk to, no one who cares. Ive had substantially better treatment from the airport information desk than the airline I paid to entrust with my bag. Dont fly this airline. The economy price is even that cheap and they dont deserve one penny of your money.
 Staff at Delhi Airport misbehaved, insulted me and did not allowed me to board the SG 8192 from Delhi to Mumbai on 6 Jun 23 which was rescheduled from 1820 hrs to 1925 hrs on 6 Jun 23. SpiceJet did not send any SMSemail for reschedule. When I reached Airport at 1750hrs 85 min before, Security Staff at Airport didnt allowed me to enter as I couldnt show any SMSemail of reschedule. At 1825 I could enter and rushed to Spice Jet counter but they didnt allow to board the flight. When I shown my defence Id and informed that I am on official operational duties. They insulted me and still didnt allow to board the flight. One of the worst flights SpiceJet
  Have been a Qantas Frequent Flyer since 1997 but also flown with them well before then both domestically and internationally. Due to their high prices my employer has been booking my flights with Virgin and I found them second to none in both hospitality and service. After all these years with Qantas I have made the move to Virgin as the Qantas service, hospitality, and condition of terminals and lounges is nothing less than the dark ages.
  Flew with this airline today from Sapporo to Kobe and the leg room was larger than most airlines Ive flown with and the service was impecable. For a budget airline, it included 20kg luggage as well as a complimentary small snack and coffee during flight. I however purchased a Coke and Soup for 200 yen approx $2.50 AUD. Unlike most Australian airlines, the cabin crew remained inside the cabin for the majority of the flight, making sure everyone was okay and at one stage offering lollies to any needy sweettooth pax. Id fly with them again and can safely say they were the best budget airline Ive flown with.
  Manado to Singapore with SilkAir in October 2018. Singapore Airlines may be the best airline in the world but its customer service is surely the worst! I called the customer service on 2 different occasions. In both occasions, it was not long until a representative picked up the call, but soon after I shared my enquiries, I was asked to wait for unreasonably long. And while waiting, I was put on hold. In the first occasion, I was put on hold for 46 minutes. Today, I was put on hold for 22 minutes when the whole call was 27 minutes! I wonder what took them so long to find my reservation. Lesson Never ever call the SIA Customer Service. You may have saved some time by going to their office instead. I have done it a few times. The SIA office is far more efficient than the customer service line.
  I booked a flight and Ethiopian Airlines issued a ticket. After a day I heard from a friend that this airline was banned by Dubai from flying passengers from Uganda because they carried 9 passengers with expired Covid19 results. I reached out to the airline and all they had to say is we dont have flights to Dubai. Why did they issue the tickets. Worst of all, on the flight date 17.10.2021 i received an email from the airline that the flight has operated a day before i received an email from their airport office that the flight will not operate. And they are unresponsive, they are giving different information and have refused to respond to my refund request if they cannot take me to Dubai.
  Beware booking an Emirates codeshare. I am a current silver member and have booked a flight to Tashkent Uzbekistan from Cairo. As Emirates doesnt service Tashkent I was booked on a Fly Dubai code share instead. Little did I realise that this slight change meant that I do not qualify for lounge access. I, after a few misrepresntations and confusing messages, was advised that I needed to be a gold member to qualify. A transit time of over five hours didnt make that experience very pleasant. This little known fact was never mentioned anywhere during my online booking process. So, beware booking a code share with Emirates, there are strings attached.
  I flew to Thailand but with the Corona virus they cancelled the flight from Bangkok to London and wouldnt help to bring people back or give a refund so that we can take alternative flights. They were the worst unhelpful airline. Once they get your money they dont care about the customers.
  The plane was nice. IFE was pretty good. The main meal was decent but the second meal was a small snack delivered in a small bag. The staff in the plane from Chicago to Paris was not very friendly. The staff in the way back from Paris to Chicago was very kind and helpful. Big difference. Lastly, my checked bag didnt make it to Chicago. The staff at Chicago didnt really want to help me. One spent a few moments trying to register a claim, gave up, handed me a card with instructions and walked away. I tried someone else about 15 minutes later, while she was not happy to help, she did complete the claim for me which I appreciated. The bag was delivered to my door, 200 miles from the airport, the next day was was great. I would fly Air France again.
  The flight stewards were very rude and unprofessional in Akasa Air. In my last flight from Bangalore to Guwahati, the steward behaved unprofessionally and was rude as I walked down the aisle slow and didnt rush wile boarding and on being called out, he was absolutely unapologetic about his behaviour. I was in sudden shock and at first didnt realise what went wrong for him to behave like that. This kind of behaviour isnt acceptable.
  This was the first time that someone has charged me to carry my musical instruments. I mean the ticket was 3000 rupees and I checked in 3 instruments, they charged 1500 per instrument. Its not over yet these people have a policy in which they allow only one bag per person, but the weight that is allowed in is 15 kg, so if you are wondering if you can carry 2 bags one of 10kg and one of 5, theyll merely refuse to take it. Now the foremost juncture, our flight was at 1450, and our motive to visit was met so we decided to go to the airport a bit early, and guess what, the luggage scanning machine was off there was no representative of Go First, we had to ask the representative of the other companies that where are they, and I was stricken dumb to hear the reply, they said and I quote Go First people will be here in halfhour, you guys are early. This was it is the last time Im travelling with this horrible air service. I just want to say one last thing if you budget issue and only this flight is available, travel train.
  Perth to Bali. It is difficult to know where to start with Tigerair as it is so dysfunctional, from extremely poor customer service to the extent of lying to customers on more than one occasion. Cancelling flights and not informing customers, leaving them to find alternative travel arrangements with not even an apology. Promising a refund and not giving one.
  I bought ticket through Orbits. Chose one that said carry on free and first checked bag free! At the airport they made me pay 120$ for one cart on and one checked in bag. Total lie!
 Ive flown Allegiant multiple times and Im at my last straw. Horrible customer service and weak flight cancellation excuses are reasons my family will never fly them again. I had a flight cancelled last spring with little notice due to not having enough pilots they used covid as an excuse but the real reason was there wasnt enough people on the flight. I was forced to rebook thru Delta for $2000 more due to the late timing. Allegiant did nothing to help offset the cost or make it right. Even after waiting on hold to talk to a manager for 2.5 hours. I had another flight scheduled to take off tomorrow 122422 and I received a text this morning saying my flight has been cancelled due to weather. The weather tomorrow is in the 40s and Mesa is in the 60s PLUS the other airlines are still flying. After waiting on hold for 2 hours, there was nothing they could do. I asked to speak to a manager and she said sorry, I would need to call a different number and easier on hold again. Terrible company! Just spend a little more and go with a real airline!
  Los Angeles to Jakarta via Tokyo. The cabin crew was so friendly and polite. They smile from the heart. The food was terrific, it was amazing. I will use this airline again.
  One of the worst flying experiences ever. Over 4 days of wasted vacation time, 2 flight cancellations, zero help from costumer service. Upon our arrival from TLV to Phoenix via Newark the flight from Newark airport was cancelled, and then cancelled again and again.  Leading to 4 whole days of waiting, missing out on precious family vacation time. Upon our arrival from Phoenix via Chicago to TLV our flight from Chicago got cancelled, no other flights for 2 days. Customer service is the worst no answer over the phone, no one to talk to at all. I will ever fly with United Airlines again.
  By far the worst airline Ive ever flown on. Garbage company that doesnt care about their customers and their managers dont do any work  just want to squeeze every last half penny out of you waiting to hear your deathbed queef  forcing you to UPGRADE PLEASE aka you cant take your normal sized carry on luggage over 10 lbs you have to pay us an extra $40 or else you can go with another company. They literally said to me you should just refund your ticket and go with another company if you dont pay us more money at the gate  never go Jetstar  never ever again. Shame on you and your customer service and representatives. Everyone needs to know how bad and money hungry your company is. I will be speaking with my credit card company and disputing all the charges you and your representatives forced on me. Wouldnt fly with this airline and put up with your staff if I was paid to do so.
  Myself, My 19 Week Pregnant daughter, My sister and My Daughters Mother in law had our flights booked  paid on 16 May 2019. We were on a MSC Cruise to the Portugese Islands 28 Feb  2 March 2020. We were at the King Shaka airport at about 7H15 the morning, but our flight was only 13H00, so we had breakfast and something to drink later the day, when we wanted to check in Check in starts 90 min prior just before 12H00, we were told that the flight is fully booked and they cant help us. Maybe they will be able to help us at 15H30. I was shocked, because I never knew they can bump you of your flight, as we had paid our tickets 10 months ago, and wasnt aware that we can check in before you give in your luggage. I was under the impression that you can only check in before the time if you have hand luggage. I was furious, as they explained to us that they overbook the flights, because some people do not pitch for the flights, and then they could have put someone else in that seat. After a huge fight and a lady from Kulula treating us badly they offered us a discount on our next flight and a meal voucher of R110 pp. One of the Kulula employees even told us that the MSC was at the harbour earlier than expected, and there were people who wanted an earlier flight, so they gave away our tickets, this is just ridiculous! After waiting for about 30 Minutes they booked us on a flight, and we did not even sit together. Meanwhile the rude Kulula attendant asked us if she can book us with Mango but then we need to pay for new tickets? So disappointed in Kulula!
 This is one of the busiest routes in the world, so book early, and dont think you will luck out and get an empty seat next to you. Or, like we did book an aisle seat for the wife and a window seat for yourself and hope no one will book the middle seat. We have tried it more than once, and there is a better chance of winning the lottery. As you would expect from a budget airline everything is cramped and rushed  but you get what you pay for. 
  Plane was in newer condition but was a stripped down version of any other airbus Ive flown. No power outlets, screens etc. I understand its a budget carrier but power outlets in this day and age seems to be a requirement given no onboard entertainment. I paid the extra $$ to have one of their premium seats with more room but felt it was a waste of money. Overhead bins up front were overtaken by the crew which detracts from paying for a premium seat. Crew was happy and upbeat, but felt they were over staffed with crew standing around and gossiping like high school kids. Another thing to note was the crew was moving around during takeoff and just after takeoff for no obvious reason, which led to several other passengers getting up or going to the restroom, not even 5 minutes after wheels up. I feel the crew could use additional training possibly. I didnt purchase any food onboard to review. Im on the fence if Id ever use them for travel to Europe again.
  While airlines all over the world are considering how to reduce costs, Hainan Airlines can maintain high standards of service under the epidemic. I took a flight from Toronto to Xian on January 24. In fact, I am a Gold Card member of China Eastern Airline, I have not taken a lot with Hainan Air in recent years. However, when I am boarding this time, every flight attendant I met with practical action proves that Hainan Airlines offers the best service in mainland China. I appreciate the two flight attendants in the front cabin. My mobile phone accidentally dropped while I was sleeping, a flight attendant in the front cabin calmed my emotions and called his colleague to help me find it together. I have now returned to China, and I believe that Hainan Airlines will be my priority when I travel next time.
  Sydney to Melbourne. Absolute disgrace to Australia. Read a lot of reviews of it being the worst airline in terms of delays and service but after experiencing it myself I do not recommend anyone to use this airline at all. Delays after delays and all they do is apologize rather than improve the service. Its to pay 30$ more and use another airline.
  This airline is pathetic and are impossible to get hold of. Their whatsapp doesnt exist and they have no agents to answer any calls. I booked a ticket with them and i said the payment didnt go through so i then used a different card incase it was an issue with my card and it still did not go through. The next day I tried again and it worked. The following day I checked my credit card statement and saw that all three payments had gone through! There is noone at Flysafair to answer and help sort out my situation.
  The flight was ok. Ran on time and was reasonably comfortable we had purchased extra leg room. On the flight to Bali they did not give us the meals we had ordered and paid for with our tickets and argued until I pointed my name on the list that was not ticked, but this took persistent nagging of staff who did not care at all. They did not apologise for the inconvenience just eye rolled. On the way home we had gone through customs with empty water bottles and then filled them up at the airport water station. Then by the boarding gate they were taking away water from everybody. We were pretty happy to tip our water out. On the plane we asked for a cup of water and were told we had to pay. I understand paying for any other snack or beverage but a cup of water after theyve confiscated everyones water? Thats just disgusting. We got a good price for tickets but would think again before flying with them again.
We thought we would try Royal Bruneis Boeing 787 as opposed to our usual monthly trip to the UAE on the larger competitors on this route from London to Dubai. Check in was fast and efficient. Fast track immigration and security at LHR T4 and the use of the Etihad lounge was appreciated. The lounge was very quiet as very few other flights were using it. Boarding was fine  priority for business class. Nice seats together at the front of the aircraft as they operate two classes only. Plenty of room and space to stretch out  just as good as EY and EK offerings. We took off on time. Amazing for Heathrow. Service was good and the food was excellent and plentiful. Its a dry airline so we brought our own bottle of wine but be cautioned  they used to be happy to let you drink your own alcohol on board but this time it was permitted only reluctanly and provided we drank it out of plain paper cups so as not to upset other passengers. We were given comfy pillows and duvets to help a good nights sleep but you have to make your own bed. We landed early in Dubai, excellent stuff. Would we use Royal Brunei Airlines again? Maybe. The crew were not particularly friendly although very efficient snd the price is very competitive. They need to tighten up a little on the friendliness and general spproachibility of staff.
 I booked a seat with extra feet space between Reykjavik and Chicago with WOW air because I have knee problems and paid 43 USD extra for the seat, but I was given a normal seat. When I asked for my seat I was told that this was the seat I booked which was totally wrong.
I was quite impressed to see that not all airlines have gone the low cost way. Checkin was smooth and quick. I was given a preassigned seat at the window which I dont like. I think they should ask and not assign. The staff wasnt able to give me an explanation. Security at Luxembourg is very rude and unfriendly but not the airlines fault. On board a brand new 737 with sky interior I was impressed how quickly the stewardess changed my seat to an empty aisle. They even served apritifs with a snack before a meal with free wine and all. And when I thought this is it they insisted to serve digestifs with the coffee. Im sure I didnt pay much more than with other big airlines but this small player has something on offer on a 4 hour flight.
  Not sure what to expect because of the reviews I have read about them, but since I have a voucher from a cancelled flight, thought of giving it a try. Check in is very long at the time which is no surprise, the A330300 though old is very clean, seats are comfortable. IFE is at par with other carriers. Meals were fantastic, overall the service for this 8hr flight was very good. Like the fact as well that I flew Nonstop instead of connecting, would fly them again and recommend.
  My flight was supposed to be at 20.05 from Denpansar to Jakarta. At around 18.30, I received a text message from Citilink saying that my flight is delayed to 21.50. At the airport, when I asked the staff about the delayed time, they seemed clueless. It was rather confusing, since the boarding pass and information board showed the flight time at 20.05. After not receiving any news from the staff or from the information board, at 21.50 they announced that the flight is being delayed again for another 3 hours. Citilink compensated the passengers with food and ISD23.
  Hanoi to Bangkok. The airline just rescheduled my round trip flight and only sent me email a day before departure. Due this I need reschedule my trip as I traveling with pet. They cut the luggage for check in bag which I did not see during online reservation. They didnt give food on board only a bottle of water. Terrible service to me by check in staff.
 Where to begin, I guess at the beginning. At checkin their computers were down, so it took a long time to check our luggage in and get boarding passes. Very unhelpful and not service oriented  I pulled up the health screener of my final destination, TLV, but it was not in a format they wanted so they said I would not fly if I couldnt pull it up. 3. Poor customer service. My seats from Madrid to TLV could not be assigned in DFW because they have subcontracted employees without full rights. Our first flight from DFW to Madrid got delayed, which is not a huge deal, but it got delayed even further because they could not match the passenger list with the amount of people on board. The flight crew could not understand the delay either, which they expressed to the passengers. Madrid to TLV was ok. TLV to Madrid 812 flight got moved up, I had to change my itinerary, customer service number would hang up on me. I could not find Iberia employees at the airport. Flight delayed and unprofessional  We were told the computers were down, they used a different airplane, and that we could sit anywhere. Then the musical chairs game began. They started moving passengers left and right to balance the plane, just during take off and landing, then we could go back to our seats. The crew looked confused and dumb, like they didnt know what they were doing because they didnt. Uncaring and very poor customer service  At Madrid they would not even consider putting me in an earlier flight, after disrupting my schedule, that was operated by AA on Iberias behalf because according to the Iberia agent They wont give money to AA for taking you back. At my arrival in DFW my luggage never arrived, despite being there way early, and the agent they had was again a subcontracted employee without access to their system, very young and untrained. He provided me with a handwritten form to fill out, no reference number was given to me. I did that and left because I was exhausted. 9a. Went to the airport the next day, Iberias counter was nowhere to be found, no employee available, nothing, just a ghost airline! The next day I call customer service and they could not help because their system was down, I proceed to explain my ordeal and worries about this flawed system and she replies  I dont control what happens at the airport and then cut off the call and sent me to a survey. Second CS call  She had said to call customer service back in 2 hours. I called customer service in 3 hours and the agent located the luggage in Madrid. I asked her to open a formal claim for my luggage, she said she couldnt do that through her system. I exclaimed  Then what are my options? I couldnt do it at the airport, and I cant do it now either. She recommended for me to go to their website and fill out my complaint. Third CS call  I explained that Id like to know if my luggage was in transit, the CS guy asked me for the reference number, and I explained that this airline is not like a normal one that would issue one at the airport. He assured me the luggage was in transit but without that PIR reference number they would not deliver it to my house, and Id have to get it from the airport myself. Granted the airport has no available personnel if there is not a flight they are working, they dont have a local office or nothing like that.
 Asturias to Seville. I love traveling with Volotea, I fly with them frequently, especially the trip from Asturias to Seville. What I like the most is the qualityprice ratio they have. The stewardess are very friendly, and they always help you with your luggage and the flight is always short.
 Avelo has many advantages but their personal item is so small that neither my purse on one flight, nor my briefcase on another, qualified because they did not fit in the EXACT dimensions and the flight attendant took out a tape measure in Ft. Myers both times!!. Both were over by 1. In Wilmington, DE, they were not picky, but in Ft. Myers, they were AND if you did not purchase overhead storageno matter how much extra there was, they would not let you put it there. They have the SMALLEST dimensions of of a personal item in the entire industry and it is really ridiculous.
  Deplorable customer service. After having my flight cancelled in March 2020 due to Covid 19, Gulf Air issued a ticket which I was told could be used to book another flight within 12 months. After finally reaching a customer service representative on an international call, only to be told the ticket had expired and that it was 12 months from the initial purchase of September 2019! During this period I was unable to book my flights as they were unavailable from Gulf Air? How can a goods or service expire when it was never provided, surely this is a breach of contract?
  Dhaka to Jessore. I find the name of this private airline in Bangladesh a bit funny. Other than that no complaints. Arrived at the domestic terminal in Dhaka 7 minutes before the scheduled morning departure due to being severely delayed due to road traffic. The checkin desk completed all formalities, rushed us through security, had a limo ready for us to escort me and my partner to the aircraft at the remote stand. The flight left after our boarding and exactly on time. I have never experienced this kind of dedication and professionalism with an airline. The flight to Jessore lasted 25 minutes onboard a clean and attractive Dash8 Q400 and we were served a sandwich, cake and a water bottle by friendly and smiley flight attendants. The return flight to Dhaka a couple of days later was just as good but we made sure we arrived promptly for checkin this time. We were served a mini burger, cake and water bottle.
  My first and probably last time flying PAL business. The flight was delayed 3 times there was no vegetarian or fish meal available in any of the flight, and it was not possible to preorder the menu online. No sparkling wine because unfortunately it finished  so i only had a starter on BKKMNL leg and no food on MNLPOM leg. The lounge in Bangkok had terrible food how on earth one can find such food in Thailand?  super fat udon noodles, rice and some fried snacks. The lounge in Manila food is not great either but better than the lounge they use in Bangkok. Nice dumplings. No in flight entertainment nor working internet on BKKManila flight.
  JetBlue is just simply unreliable and your time is valuable. The website is so glitched you end up calling a clueless, helpless reservation agent. If you do manage a successful online transaction with an actual confirmation code be sure to triple check because chances are it will be an incomplete record because the payment process never works. We find this to be specific to the seat assignment, or extras. You book your flight, you pay for your seat upgrade, you show up to the airport in plenty of time and then delay delay delay delay .. andor cancel. Save yourself the expense and aggravation.
  Prague to Nice. Extremely rude guy at the check in desk. First could not find my ticket and straight asked me to pay extra for my luggage  found me after and asked me why I did not check in my luggage all the way to Nice. I am very disappointed and the flight was delayed for 1.5 hours of top of that. Horrible company.
I returned on the flight from Algiers to London Heathrow on the 20th December  the flight was over 3 hours late it was scheduled to take of at 10.20am, however 2 hours later no sign of taking off, no information given for the delay, no refreshments offered and worst no apologies specially since the staff where hovering around passengers like zombies. Anyway 2 hours later a call on the speakers said that all Air Algerie passengers should go to gate 16 for an immediate take off which was at the other end off the airport  everybody rushed to the gate thinking that we will be on air in few minutes. When we got there was a long queue and no sign of the aircraft the staff where sitting there like zombies and there was no explanation offered for the delay  about an hour later a very painful and very slow gate checking process started. Still no information on the delay however by that time it was too late anyway, the transfer to the aircraft was by bus and I waited to the last moment to present myself to the gate desk to avoid stuck in the queues unnecessarily. The waiting in the bus was like for ever and to make matters worst it seems the bus did the tour of Algiers to get us to the aircraft because it was at the other end of the runway. When I got in the aircraft I asked why the delay and I was told it was due to the baggage handlers strike. I asked why didnt Air Algerie offer any information, explanation, refreshments or apologies I was told that even the staff didnt know as they where told to carry on with their duties. Still nobody apologised until take off by the captain which was at around 13.30pm. I have championed Air Algerie over other carriers like British Airways but I am extremely disappointed and to add insult to injury I have paid £50.00 more than traveling with British Airways for the same journey. I can promise you that I will not fly with Air Algerie ever again.
 Curacao to Bonaire with Insel Air. Original flight time 910 AM  930 AM. We chose it so we could get enough sleep and still be at our destination early enough to go scuba diving that day. 2 days prior to departure we were informed by email that our departure time was changed to an earlier hour, i.e. to 715 AM. Since Insel Air asks you to be at the airport 3 hours prior to departure, we got up at 430 AM in the morning. There was no request to confirm that you had received said email. As soon as we arrived at the gate in the airport, we were informed that the flight was delayed from 715 AM to 845 AM. We were quite annoyed because that meant we could have just as well slept long enough. After waiting for an hour, we were informed that the new departure time was now 0940 AM. We were also informed that the 0715 flight was cancelled and everybody was simply booked onto the next regular flight. Everybody got an $8 snack voucher. Until then, the communication at the gate had been relatively professional, every delay was displayed on the gate monitor. From now on, however, no more communication. Departure gate was changed from gate 2 to 6, but until departure it was never shown on the gate monitors. We had to follow the crowd to find our new gate. All additional delays were not communicated in any way. At 0945 AM still no boarding. When we asked at the gate, we were informed that there was an additional delay and departure time was now scheduled for 1015 AM. At 1015 AM, we were not boarded. Boarding finally started at 1020 AM, departure around 1040 AM, arrival around 1100 AM. On the plane, we were told that all seat reservations were cancelled and that everybody should just sit down wherever they wanted. We were lucky to be early so we could still find 2 adjacent seats. After arrival at Bonaire airport, we were shocked to learn that there had been no luggage at all loaded into the plane. Insel Air somehow managed to fly about 100 passengers but left all of their luggage in Curacao. There was now a long queue in front of the lost baggage counter. When we were up, our boarding pass number was written down on a piece of paper, nothing more. When we asked about the further proceedings, we were informed that the luggage could not be brought to our hotel. Instead, we would have to come back to the airport and pick it up. They could not tell us at what time that would be possible, and only after repeatedly asking, they wrote down our phone number and promised to call us when the luggage was there to pick up  they never called. After not hearing anything from Insel Air, we drove to the airport at 1500 PM and luckily, it was there
  United is the worst airline I have ever experienced. They do things like delay your flight every 30 minutes for 5 hours, then abruptly cancel because the pilot tapped out at midnight. Absolutely unacceptable, and I will never fly United again. I also feel obligated to warn everyone else never to fly united either. Terrible airline.
  Total Nightmare. Booked flights for a round trip from Toronto to St. Johns. Not worth the savings. The level of stress of having to deal with their ridiculous level of unreliability is just too much. They tell you to be there at least a couple hours early and then delay your flight by at least a few hours. We were at the airport at 5 am for a 720 am flight and didnt take off until 1020 a.m. Theyll keep you having to check for delays constantly because theyll just keep furthering an original delay and then have you sit on the tarmac for ages. The way back from St. Johns to Toronto was, unbelievably, even worse. A two and a half hour delay and an additional hour and a half sitting on the tarmac in Toronto just waiting for our gate to be available with very little communication from staff until people started getting angry made for a harrowing 7 hour ordeal, all for what was supposed to be a quick 3 hour flight! Could have flown to Europe by then. Avoid this airline! Its just not worth it.
WindhoekFrankfurtWindhoek. Service ok but FAs disappeared after dinner service. Even pressing the call button did nothing. Dinner was ok but the breakfast was embarrassing. A dry bun with a piece of ham and lettuce or tuna mayo and yoghurt. All around you saw people eating a few bites and leaving the rest. Seat was okay but IFE was a joke. For a 10 hour flight I would think you would have more of a choice than 1 movie played on 3 small screens in economy class. I sat in row 22 which was 4 rows from the screen and even by squinting I still could not see it clearly. Must be a nightmare for families travelling with smaller kids. I could have paid the same for a Lufthansa flight from Jburg with an additional R3000 for a return flight between Windhoek and JBurg. Will do that next time.
  I tried to check in via Jetblue website on my phone but at credit card payment screen it timed out and I had to download the app to check in. I checked in as normal and head to the airport the next day with my family, the checkin machine at the airport could only print one of the check bags tags and we had to wait in line to check our other 2 bags. All went well till I got my credit card statement and JetBlue charged an additional USD45 for a 4th bag. I phoned JetBlue customer service team explain the issue and after an hour of holding and keep explaining to different people they came back that there is nothing they can do as the mistake was done at the airport and there is no way for them to verify that only 3 bags was checked. I explained I have the email confirming that there was only 3 bags but they still could give me a credit. Its ridicules that their customers cannot pay for carrier on if you are not a JetBlue member and have to pay for checked baggage, we had to pay for seat selection as well on our connecting flight from JFK to YVR to complete the checkin process, money grab. First and last time I will fly with JetBlue, their service is horrible and they dont care about the customers. I have flown with budget airlines before but for the expensive price you have to pay to get such bad service they are by far the worst budget airline to fly with.
  Worst flight ever, cancelled flight after waiting for 6 7 hours at airport. Instead of arranging another flight they just add credits to account and ask to book another jazeera flight which is 5 days later. No other option given nor any refund. Dont waste your money on this. 
  I paid AUD4,070 for 5 return flights from Melbourne Avalon to Bali and return with Citilink on 20 January 2020. Citilink cancelled the flights on 2 March and on 5 March accepted my refund application. It is 20 April and they have not refunded the flight yet. 
  Qantas are currently flying their first class configured A380s to and from Hong Kong, although they are not selling first class. Instead premium frequent flyers who have booked business class are given the option to select available seats in first class. Good thing they are not selling first class. Seats were worn and some functionality was inoperable. Service was equally dismal with cabin crew reminding passengers that despite sitting in the first class section, we should only expect business class service. Fair enough but this excuse was rolled out whenever someone asked for something basic. This aircraft should have been refurbished before being brought back in to service.
  Im a Platinum Exec with AA and Silver Medallion with Delta and while they both do a fair job, they could learn a thing or two from Breeze! The first class experience is equally good if not better than AA or Delta for half the price. Sure they dont have all the routes as the majors but if you find yourself lucky enough to in Breeze territory, do it! Ive had 2 small delays so far and, get this, without even asking, both times, by the time I landed they had added money to my breeze points. And not an insignificant amount either. I sat on a tarmac for 6 hours and didnt even get an apology from AA! FAs are all young kids learning the business but eager to help and bright eyed and bushy tailed. They have all are so polite and charismatic . Ive loved several of their pre flight speeches. Very funny. Keep it up Breeze! You have a loyal customer in me.
  On my flight from Incheon to Los Angeles the woman next to me laid down on the 2 seats since the husband took other seat thats empty, her feet were on my side moving and putting it up. I have put the blanket and pillow on my side but she moves a lot and its crawling on my side. Finally I called the flight attendant to show her and she tried pushing her feet but it keeps moving to me still, I cant get any sleep so I asked the attendant if I can sit elsewhere till its time to land.  I love flying Asiana, but maybe next time have to change airline.
 On June 16th, my husband and I were set to fly out of Cancun at noon. We received notification that the flight was delayed, but the email also said they were working to resolve it and to come to the airport on time anyway. Long story short, we spend over 12 hours waiting as our flight kept getting delayed. I attempted to contact customer service several times but received no update or information. In fact, the customer service chat was very rude. In the end, at the very last minute, our flight was canceled with no information. We were automatically booked on the next flight out the following day. The biggest problem with this story is that I was personally hosting a baby shower for my best friend on the 17th. JetBlue gave us no opportunity to rebook the flight, and they ADMITTED they knew it was going to be canceled early in the day, nor did they allow us to cancel on our own to reschedule through a different airline. So 4 months of planning a baby shower and a lot of money spent, they had nothing to offer me. Ive cried several times over this. To top it off, my husband and I stayed at a highly nice resort, The Excellence, during our vacation, and JetBlue put us up in a motel in Cancun that was not even 1 comparable, and to be honest, a little scary with no security. They also offered us dinner  a fourplate buffet of stale food at 1100 p.m. at night. It was absolutely AWFUL. In the end, on the day of our departure the 17th we both received an apology email clearly stating that THEY screwed up and it was an avoidable cancellation. They then went on to offer a $100 credit to each of us. $100! What does that even get us? We dont get our time back, let alone enough credit to take another flight! We spent hours at an airport and spending money on food. $100 doesnt nearly cover it. Last night wrote a long email to the executives that I could find, and the response that I received was Too bad, you only get $100. I have never in my life had such a worse travel experience nor received the most awful response from customer service.
 Cape Town to Johannesburg. This is the third time I have used Kulula because of my vitality discount. I will never book another flight with them again. They are always delayed and take forever to get the luggage out.
  New York to Dakar via Casablanca. Best quality price, modern aircraft, security of flights, client orientation of its agents and flight attendants. Royal Air Maroc has built a solid reputation to earn my business whenever I need a business trip or a vacation trip.
 I checked in early via self check in and dropped my bag off easily. We boarded about half hour late but being a short flight it didnt matter to me personally. Boarding was split into front and rear boarding. Full flight. Seats a little cramped but ok for this short hop. Coffee and tea were served free and entertainment can be accessed via their app. All in all an uneventful flight. My bag took about half hour to arrive.
  Rome to Belgrade. This was my first and last flight with Alitalia. I was so excited to get on this flight once we came to the airport the staff were so rude, no smile no nothing. Onboard my seat was taken by someone else and I have asked to sit next to my wife as we already booked our tickets in advance and booked our seats as well. I was told if there is more space you can move to a different seat if not then just need to stay in my current seat. we took off 1hr 45min late, seats were not comfy at all very hard and no space. The service was ok once we took off nothing special. once we were coming to a land into Belgrade the aeroplane kept on dropping and quiet a few passengers were screaming. 
I flew from Olbia to Paris CDG. Overall positive feedback service on board was good and flight attendants proved to be really helpful. Only negative part is arriving at CDG terminal 3 a very poor infrastructure.
Flight 461  July 10 2014 SOFAMS Business Class. Very nice 2.5 hour flight. Flight attendant was very good and the breakfast was hot and tasty. I would definitely rate this far superior to the business class I fly in the USA.
 Internal flight from Johannesburg to George  a lot of the domestic carriers in SA have disappeared so booked for the first time on FlySafair. Had difficulty adding extra luggage on their website but this was quickly resolved by an agent on the very convenient online chat capability far easier than a lot of other carriers that I have flown  the matter was resolved within a few minutes and the boarding pass sent through promptly. In flight service was efficient and professional  everything worked according to plan  well done FlySafair!
  Had a ticket booked this summer of July 18th 2020. Used this airline for over 10 years only to find out that I dont have a choice but the travel to Morocco instead of postponing until next summer due to uncertainties in regards to corona virus restrictions in Morocco. Company made it clear it was all about their terms and condition and showed no compassion towards me or my family situation. Highly recommended to avoid this joke of a company due lack of understanding for their customers. Furthermore, I ultimately choose to stay behind to be safe than sorry. Paid over £1200 and thats now down the drain. In reality, they only care about the money at the end of the day. Will never use again!
  Chicago to Tel Aviv via Amman. I am a paraplegic and had a trip out of the country on June 2. Royal Jordanian Airline misplaced my wheelchair on the way flying to my destination which was in Jerusalem on June 3. I had filed a lost and found claim when I was at the Tel Aviv Airport. The last time I had my wheelchair was in Chicago. When I landed in Amman to connect flight to Tel Aviv they told me they will ship my wheelchair to Tel Aviv, but when I landed in Tel Aviv they said they never received my wheelchair. Either my wheelchair in Amman or Tel Aviv. Neither Royal Jordanian in Amman nor Royal Jordanian in Tel Aviv want to take responsibility for it. They blamed on each other. When I talked to Royal Jordanian baggage tracing department and gave them my file reference claim number, they told me they had shipped my wheelchair to Tel Aviv, but Tel Aviv said they never received my wheelchair. The lady flown on the same flight with me lost her walker. After brutal one and a half months they emailed me that they found it and it was in Amman. Their customer service is not their top priority. Their phone service need a major upgrade. I had to yelled in order for the representative to hear me clearly. If you have disabilities, please pay a little bit more to fly an Airline with professional staff. All their departments are unprofessional.
 Our 5pm flight was delayed due to mechanical issues. For a couple of hours, the captain gave somewhat frequent updates that a spare plane was coming but delayed due to weather. All understandable. 34 hours later, we get a final update that the spare plane had launched and the crew was going to get some food in the meantime, then they all left with their luggage. At 9.30pm, we get an email that the flight is delayed until the next day. The lone service rep at the desk would either tell you to check the appemails or just walk away. They refused to communicate anything over the loudspeaker, so fellow passengers were having to yell out updates to each other about new flight times, where to find luggage, etc. We will never fly Breeze again due to this awful lack of communication while leaving us stranded and scrambling 6 hours after our flight time.
  Weve been traveling around Thailand for nearly 2 weeks  from Chiang Mai, Bangkok, Koh Sumai, Krabi and now heading to Bali, Indonesia for our honeymoon. And I had to take some time at the airport to leave this review because Thai Lion is by far the most horrible airline weve ever flown, period. They have no app and their website is complete crap. Always down. So accessing flight details or making changes is a nightmare, which makes the luggage bullet below even more frustrating. We had our flight cancelled and rescheduled 3 times within 48  24 hours from our flight which really cut into our plans in Bali. No explanation, simply an email sent. So we basically had to wake up at 300am to make our rescheduled flight, which still gets us there LATER than anticipated because of the layover.  We get to the airline and they dropped our luggage from our original tickets and would not let us check in without paying for luggage again. My husband being the typical man, though hes fairly good at this stuff didnt have a receipt so we had to repay for luggage. When you pay for luggage, you have to run to a separate counter and come BACK to the checkin area because they cant process payments at the checkin area. What?! What century are you living in? Because we have a transfer in Bangkok, we have to pick up our own luggage from baggage claim and recheck it into our next flight.  The hassle just keeps getting worse! We finally get on the plane and notice my husband and Is seats have been separated by an entire row. Which isnt a huge deal, but just a cherry on top of all the chaos.  We finally get on and the plane is dirty. Still trash from the last flight. Another cherry on top. We almost missed our triple delayed flight to Bali all because of the incompetence of Thai Lion. And we werent even the most unlucky ones. Some people got dropped completely during the flight changes and were left stranded at the airport! Just dont do it. Do yourself the favor and pay a little more for a separate airline  avoid the frustration, hassle, and risk. Wish we head know beforehand because we definitely would have.
  I have been visiting Malta since 1985 and used several airlines in the early days it was Air Malta but they became to expensive. In 2006 I had a work accident that left me with a disability that I can not climb stairs as not able to bend my left leg and need extra room as need my leg in a semi straight position. I am however quite able to walk around a plane. All other airlines such as Monarch and EasyJet as I have a letter from my consultant supply me with an extra leg room seat free of charge. Not this company. I telephoned direct to pre book extra leg room seats on the plane and was told I had to pay this. I explained no other companies charge, the answer was we do. So to stop an argument I paid. What a con they had booked me standard seats not extra leg room and charged me for this I could have booked them myself when we got the boarding passes online. The service on the plane and attitude of the staff towards disabled people was at best poor. 
  My flight to a Frankfurt connection was diverted to Dusseldorf because the Frankfurt airport closed due to a drone  security. The pilot said we were refuelling. Everyone thought the plane would then return to Frankfurt. Instead, without any direction, we were told to exit the plane. We had no idea what was going on, eventually ending up in baggage collection. Half an hour later, a staff member showed up  said we should collect our luggage  would be driven back to Frankfurt on buses. This took 5 hours. By then, everyone had missed their onward flights. No one met us as 5 huge bus loads of passengers exited at Frankfurt. Again, no one knew where to go. Eventually, everyone found their way to Lufthansa Rebooking. I stood in line 3 hours.  At this point no one had been offered water or food. After at least an hour in line, some snacks  water showed up, the first  only customer consideration. The agent who waited on me did not have a clue what she was doing. She wanted to book me on a flight to Chicago, long layover, then PHL. I said I wanted to be booked on the same nonstop flight to PHL. After an hour, she rebooked me for that flight leaving 3 days later, gave me a voucher for the night,  said I had to come back to the airport the next day to get a voucher for the following night. The hotel was a 20 min. shuttle bus drive. Next morning, I left the hotel on the return shuttle bus early in order to get back by the last shuttle bus at 1050 or wait for next one at 1620. I had to wait in line again in the Rebooking line another 2 hours to get another voucher. The agent went into my ticketing  said she had to go upstairs to documentation because of a problem with the previous rebooking. Apparently I had been rebooked via Chicago one day  a second booking direct to PHL 3 days later. When she returned, she handed me to another agent. He rebooked me on a direct flight to PHL with EW Discovery but one day later not 2 days later. He gave me a voucher for a different hotel  complicated directions to taking the train there. I said my luggage was at the previous hotel I was sent to yesterday. He said he didnt know anything about yesterday. He was very rude  condescending. By the time I was finished with these 2 people, I had missed my shuttle which meant I could not repack my luggage  checkout by noon. I called the hotel  had no choice but to book another night there which I had to pay for out of pocket.  When my rebooking confirmations came through, I received 2 for checkin One for the next day, the other for the following day, same flights. I checked in to the flight for the following day. The plane did take off the next day,  I was on it. But EW Discovery economy was the tightest seating I have ever been in.  Needless to say, had I known Id be booked in a sardine can on a partner airline I never heard of for $2200, I would never have booked Lufthansa. And because of the worst customer service ever  uncomfortable partner airline, I never will again. I will warn my friends, family,  anyone traveling abroad about my retched experience with Lufthansa.
I booked XL Airways well in advance as we were looking for a great price to fly our family of 5 from San Francisco to Paris in June. I read all the negative reviews and decided to take a chance with this low cost operator. We had an excellent experience. We were prepared for delays and extra charges. What we experienced was excellent cheerful service from check in to arrival. The flights were efficient and on time in both directions. We paid extra to check bags and get better seats, but we still saved hundreds of dollars per flight. If I needed water when service wasnt offered, I simply went to the back and asked. It was good to stretch my legs on a long flight. They even fed us two meals that were included in the price. The seats were uncomfortable, but I was prepared for some discomfort. If youre looking to save some money on a flight to Europe, this is a great choice.
  Melbourne to Sydney. Horrible customer service. I understand you get what you pay for however based on how horridly unhelpful the supervisor was today 330pm on  11th January, I will never fly Tiger again. I understand the person I dealt with is possibly not working in what the would call their ideal job but I personally felt they took that out on me. No matter how cheap your flights are this isnt good enough. Life sucks but people like this and the workplace environments that enable them make it worse.
  Flight TK54 delayed for 4.5 hours. Info counter staff nearby gate F1 told flight TK 54 no delaying and go to gate D15 asap which end up was wrong info. Info counter staff nearby gate D1 being directed wrongly to gate D15 told can get rest and coffee  snacks at Denied Boarding Room not far from gate D1. Staff at denied boarding room told turn left two times and go to Care Point from gate D1  should turn right! After cruising the whole airport I finally stop in front of info counter not far away from Center Big Screen of Duty Free Area and ask for Care Point location but rudely shouted at by counter staff. When finally came to new boarding time after 4.5 hours, the staff told flight overbooked and needed 11 pax to be  offloaded.
  I missed my flight due to long waiting at security check. I was travelling with family and staff denied entry. While 15 minutes were left  No refund, change in flight or compensation was offered
  Los Angeles to Bangkok via Shanghai. Outbound flight was ok. Inbound flight was ok until I arrived at LAX. I found that my luggage was damaged. The problem with this Airline is, when you call 18555895530, you will get the worst customer service experience ever. Its so bad that it supercede the entire experience you had during the flight, and this will make you decide not to book with this airline again. First, when you call this number, 50 chances you will get busy single. Second, when the line finally went thru, you will have at least 30 minutes wait time. Third when you get to someone who finally talk to you, the rep is not helpful and will tell you something like I cant help with anything, you need to go to website and file the claim or I cant wait on the phone you need to hurry up. Keep in mind that I wait 30 mins before I get to the rep. Finally when I went on the website to file the claim about damage luggage, I got nothing. No email confirmation, no response, no nothing, Its been 2 weeks and I have not heard from anyone from China Eastern. Its just like my complete went disappear in cyber space. Its obviously that this airline has no customer service.
  My horrible experience started upon arriving at the check in on Saturday morning at the Nassau, BH airport. We arrived at the check in counter and the representative said there was a terminal change last minute. We then walked all the way to the other terminal with our luggage only to be told that they had no idea what was going on and they werent sure where we were supposed to go. We then waited 40 minutes to finally get an answer and had to sit there until they were finally able to figure out how to print our boarding passes. We finally get on the airplane and proceed to sit on the tarmac for almost an hour! The pilot came on the speaker and said they were waiting for paperwork. We didnt take off until 246pm even though we were scheduled to depart an hour earlier! This was totally preventable and not caused by weather or anything out of their control. As I mentioned, we specifically chose this flight because it was a nonstop direct flight from NAS to FLL. We had an important event to get to in FLL and planned on getting there by 305 pm as advertised. We were then told that we had to make a stop at ELH airport to pick up other passengers at a different island! This was also the complete opposite direction of our final destination. We did not pay for a flight with a layover, we paid for a direct flight and the attached boarding pass even shows that. After a very hard landing, we were told we had to then exit the aircraft at ELH airport so they could refuel. Once we got off the plane, we were told we had to go inside and get rechecked in since we got off. The man at the ticket counter had no idea what was going on and didnt have an answer for us. After waiting another full hour in the airport which had no running water for us to use the bathroom, we were finally able to get new boarding passes. We didnt depart ELH airport until 516pm! We finally landed at FLL airport at 628pm and then had to wait in a 2 hour customs line since we arrived at a much busier time of day. The original flight was scheduled to last 1 hour and 10 minutes. It turned into a 4 and a half hour journey simply because of Silver Airways incompetence and lack of professionalism. We missed the event we flew in for, which ruined our travel plans. I will NEVER step foot in one of their airplanes ever again! This was 100 preventable and not caused by any outside forces. If you choose to cancel another flight, its your problem to fix it. Diverting a plane that is a non stop to go pick them up was not the answer, especially last minute with no notice! Avoid at all costs! They didnt even respond to my complaint email right after our trip.
 Seattle to Jakarta via Narita. There is some mixed feelings I have on one of the JAL Flights. The flight from Seattle to Narita in Premium Economy was a disaster while the Economy Class is somehow better than Premium Economy. The seat in Premium Economy is narrow while Economy is not that narrow. Food is the same as Economy in both classes, but good. Entertainment should be improved. WiFi is terrible and slow. My advice, if you fly JAL, maybe you should avoid their Premium Economy.
 Cancun to Vancouver. I booked a Sunwing vacation package, for a 2week trip December 1125, 2019. This was a last minute trip, booked on the Monday and departing that Wednesday to a vacation in the Mayan Riviera. I upgraded to the Premium Elite Plus package. Ample leg room, although the seat support brackets for the row in front meant that my aisle seat had a more narrow area under the seat in front of me for leg room and fitting a purse. Seemed like a newer plane on the return flight but same set up for space under the seat in front of me. I found the flight crew on both the departing flight and returning flight to be extremely professional and friendly. Bathrooms kept clean and well stocked. Inflight entertainment a joke, but I knew that ahead of the trip. Brought a book to read instead. Flight departing arrived on time. Flight returning to YVR arrived almost an hour ahead of schedule. Flight crew offered beverages and food for purchase twice each during the flight. The snacks on the Bistro menu for onboard purchase are good. However, I do not recommend the Tex Mex Chicken wrap. Mine was dismal, tortilla shell mushy, and the cold taste of the wrap itself unappetizing. After two bites, I put it in a garbage bag. One of the flight crew noticed it when collecting garbage, and later informed her flight supervisor and he immediately processed me a refund. I wasnt expecting a refund, it was only $10.99, but was a very nice gesture. I just wrote it off to airplane food. I have to wonder that if this wrap was served warm if it may have tasted better. I heard the pizza was tasty. Found the return flight super hot and stuffy. The 2 Elite plus seats next to me on the return flight were not occupied. The flight attendant noticed that and moved two young kids his words to them as they were in the exit row middle of the plane. Luckily they were teenagers but the girl in the middle seat didnt seem to have any regard for being on a plane and me being next to her, and spread out so much and leaning on her tray table to rest she kept flipping her hair all over my tray table and in my drink. Or when sitting up, at times she was well over the arm rest space and in my area. She appeared to be maybe 13 and the friend moved with her was 15. I later learned their moms are friends and they were all travelling together. If moving young kids as the flight attendant mentioned, it may have been more pleasant to consider not placing two young kids within the Elite Plus seats. I am sure a few adults near their original seats could have swapped. And why were they assigned seats in the exit row in the first place if they were not an adult and allowed to sit there??? Just saying. My Sunwing package included airportresort transfers. The transfer from Cancun airport to the resort took a while for the last few passengers and then departed. Only a 15 person van so nice not to have numerous drop offs. My return transfer from Grand Sunset Princess Resort to the airport was excellent. Pick up was a few minutes early and we were dropped off at the airport 20 minutes prior to being allowed to check in for our flights. Pick up at the resort was almost 4 hours before the flight departed. Only 10 people in our transfer to the airport, and no additional stops after I was picked up. Overall another happy experience with Sunwing. I know what I am getting up front and for this experience I dont expect an Air France experience, overall they exceeded my expectations.
Air Moldova are hiding behind flight cancelled for safety reasons to avoid delay compensation for a faulty engine leading to a 3 day delay which requires compensation to be paid under UK law. Despite numerous emails they remain silent on this matter.
  Full service, but they only serve a small bun and water. Bangkok Airways from Phuket to BKK serve full meals with option beverages. For service they good take care.
  I am asking for a seat refund with this airline, I paid for an extra leg room seat and paid about 95€ only to be given a middle seat, I was so disappointed with the service. The ground staff in Riyadh were super tired and no apologies were heard, not even a simple sorry, he just let us stand on the side waiting for all the passengers to board and said in a very cold rude manner I cannot do anything, the seat was taken thats it. I have a terrible leg pain so I always travel and sit in an extra leg room seat, but this time was disappointing, Saudia please return my money.
  First InterCaribbean Airways cancelled our flight from Provodenciales to Grand Turk, then they cancelled our departure from Grand Turk with no notice. After multiple phone call and email attempts I have not received a Customer Service reply other than automated to my online request to my complaint on dated December 31 regarding reservations number AAX6F9 on InterCaribbean Airways. The 840 AM flight from GDT to PLS was cancelled, and InterCaribbean Airways brought in another plane from Jamaica to take passengers to PLS 3 hours later than scheduled. This resulted in our 4 passengers party missing our connecting flight to FLL on Jet Blue at a loss of over $1724.06 half of the total round trip fare of $3448.12 from FLLPLS. We then had to purchase 4 additional tickets on Southwest Airlines at a cost of $1101.08. In total we are inconvenienced by InterCaribbean a total of $2825.14 as the Jet Blue flight was not refundable. Our final destination was not FLL, and we had multiple connecting flights that we had to make. We were connected from FLL to Seattle, WA, then onto Anchorage Alaska, and finally proceeding to Kodiak Alaska. It was imperative that we make it to the US Mainland and our connecting flights. Staying in Provo overnight, if we could find lodging over the holiday to wait for a hypothetical flight on InterCaribbean to FLL, was not an option. We would have had a loss of over $8000.00 if we missed our return connections. We are very fortunate that Southwest Airlines had seats remaining as our entire return flight schedule was in jeopardy. I was diligent over our holiday in checking the status of InterCaribbeans flight to GDT since they cancelled our incoming flight and I was forced to book with Caicos Express just to get to Grand Turk a week prior to our departure date. I checked email the morning of the flight for notifications, we were at the airport by 700 AM, before ticketing agents were even there. We were not told of the cancelled flight, and rerouting of the new plane until 45 minutes post boarding time or approximately 930 AM. InterCaribbean Airways ticketing agent was very courteous, and obviously tried all he could do thereafter, but was basically ineffective. We finally received a refund for the cancellation of the incoming InterCaribbean flight from PLS to GDT a total of 29 days after the cancellation of the flight, and we had to ultimately make multiple request for a refund. I had to call long distance to customer service to request initially. It was not an automatic refund. It also took 2 additional follow up phone calls, and multiple emails to get this $320 refund on a supposed refundable ticket as it never showed up in my account as a credit. Unacceptable. I incurred $37.00 in longdistance phone service charges just to ensure InterCaribbean Airways did their job. The incompetence demonstrated by InterCaribbean on our return flight was the final straw to a disastrous vacation. Not only did it cost us thousands of dollars, the added stress eliminated any benefit our pathetic vacation supplied.
  Nanjing to Hong Kong. Nice airline, good food. Seat quality maybe not as nice as a Boeing 777. Aircraft looked pretty clean, flight crew was kind,  not a 5star airline but it must be a 4star. The TV was not in such a good condition. 
  Santiago to Sydney via Auckland with LATAM Airlines. For now the largest airline in South America LAN merged with TAM to form LATAM it was disappointing from perspectives of Cabin Crew service attitude, Crew presence, Meal service and choice of liquors on particularly the longest leg 13 hrs, SCLAKL. AKLSYD leg was slightly better crew. The service crew behaviour was cold.  The cabin staff disappeared in the pantry for almost 20 minutes  there was no premeal drinks service unless requested.  Although biz class was only 70 full, they seemed peeved by anyone ordering the standard full meal and breakfast vs. an express option, the main of veal and semolina arrived cold, only a choice of one of each of whiskey, rum, vodka but the choice of Argentinian or Chilean wine was better.  Noteworthy that it is one of the airlines longest routes on a B787 twinengine, over the South Pacific. 
  This is the worst airline I have ever experienced. The customer service is atrocious. I arrived in plenty of time to board my flight. The online check in service wasnt working, which staff admitted had been a problem all day, and so I needed to obtain my boarding pass. I waited in this ridiculously long line and arrived with more than an hour until my flight. Customer service told me I could not check in, despite not having checked baggage they continued to tell me I was too late. This is more than hour before my flight leaves.. we continued arguing until 50 mins before my plane would leave and they refused to help me. Told me I could not have a refund but I could purchase a new ticket to leave 2 days later. I had more than enough time to board the plane still and they would not do anything for me. I had to cover the costs of a hotel and a new flight with a different airline the next day costing me hundreds. I emailed in to discuss this with the company and they again just refused to help me. Awful customer service and I will never use them again.
  Flight delayed by 1.5h, Passengers were informed 2h before departure, which was useless as anyone was on their way to airport already. Service was ok, but food and beverages were very poor. No alcohol, and food was bad quality economy class served on China. No menus. The purser told me You want chicken or pasta, we also have beef, but it looks just so so . At lease he was honest. Overall, not good flight not recommended
I checked in and tried to reach boarding gate but lost my way so i return to check in counter. Sad to say got no help from staff at thw counter so i missed my flight. I hope other senior citizen gets assistance, lets try to be human beings. You will grow old too remember.
  Paris to Colombo via Bahrain and I was extremely impressed with Gulf Air flights, cabin crew and onboard food and beverage service. Food was very tasty and they have a very good choice of alcoholic and non alcoholic beverage selection. A320200 flights were pretty old and their entertainment systems were outdated, and on the Colombo sector all Hollywood movies are blocked for some unknown reason. On 787 flights pretty good entertainment system. Cabin crew were very friendly and happy to assist you on your requests, Only complain I have is when landing in night time, they do not dim the cabin lights, this is not a good practice.
Economy class JFKGEO return. Outbound on the overnight flight the service was quite warm yet basic compared to airlines such as United or BA  the B737800 quite cramped for a six hour flight meal service poor drink service quite generous. The 90 minute layover at Port of Spain was quite off putting. Return flight was annoying as the stopover in Port of Spain was changed to a change of air craft. All in all for a six hour flight inflight entertainment extremely dated to a shared screen no choice of film meals poor and constant Caribbean Airlines footage of routes etc a larger wide bodied aircraft would be better on this route. Id use this airline as a last resort and would seek an alternative.
  The flight itself was alright, good food, nice cabin crew, no tv no big deal there was streaming of movies available through planes wireless network on your own device. However, when checking in I realised we have only one small 7kg bag each and not even personal item allowed. We had three large suitcases and guess how much Etihad wanted to charge us during online check in  600 euros per bag. For me that was shocking. Would I recommend it? Overall yes, but if you need to pay that kind of money for luggage absolutely not! Disappointing.
  Denpasar to Perth. My friend and I flew with Batik Air from Perth Dec 29, 17 to Bali return 9 Jan 18. The service going to Bali was dreadful. There were two stewards and consequently it took over two hours to get a meal they only had one choice as they had run out of the second choice. It was a tiny pile of spaghetti with three thumb size meatballs on top. Nothing else! It was 6pm when we left Perth. We asked for a cup of tea but they had run out of milk. There were screens but we were not offered headsets! On our return flight, my friends suitcase had the zip ripped out when it was going through the Xray machine in Bali and after much confusion and no solution from the staff at Batik Air in Bali, we had to carry it onto the aircraft and put it in the luggage compartment inside the plane. They confiscated all her toiletries because you are not allowed oversized creams etc inside the plane. This mishap caused the plane to leave about 30 minutes late. The steward made no attempt to show us where to sit so we just sat where there were empty seats. Once again, there were only two stewards although on this flight the plane was not full. There was no safety demonstration from the staff and no checking of seat belts, upright seats or ensuring bags were secure. It was freezing and when I asked for a blanket, I was told they were only available to Business Class passengers, however after I insisted, she relented and gave me one. The food was once again, disgusting, and again, they had run out of milk. I asked for coke and when I took a sip, it was hot!! This from an airline that boasts full service and for tickets we payed $700 each for. I will never travel with Batik Air again and would never recommend them.
  All of my and my daughters checked in luggage 3 pieces are missing. We traveled from Brussels to Phnom Penh 24 June. Our Turkish Airlines flights to Bangkok were delayed, and we arrived in BKK at 412 pm and boarding for the codeshare flight via Bangkok Airways was at 430 pm 25 June. We made it to our flight by running and asking favours from fellow passengers to let us go first in the queue in disembarking and in the security check. However, our luggage were nowhere to be found upon our arrival in Phnon Penh 25 June around 635pm. I wrote to Turkish Airlines and they said this was the responsibility of Bangkok Airways. I emailed Bangkok Airways and they said they never received our luggage. Afternoon of 26 June, I received an email from the Bangkok Airways tracing team that they have located our luggage in Bangkok and that they will send it via the flight that will arrive in Phnom Penh at around 635 pm and that the Bangkok Airways Representative in Phnom Penh will get in touch with me. Anxiously awaiting, I tracked the flight and noted that it landed in Phnom Penh 632 pm. I have not heard from the representative at all. I wrote another inquiry to the tracing team at 830 pm and they said they have forwarded my email to their Phnom Penh Team. It is now 27 June, 909 am and I havent heard from them yet. Neither have I been advised regarding what to do, in terms of securing clothing and toiletries, in the interim that our luggage have not yet been brought back to us.
  Just come off a flight from Gatwick to Fuerteventura. Absolutely fantastic flight. Captain was very polite greeting all the passengers when we disembarked with a smile. In the cabin manager BJ was superb. He and the rest of the crew did a great job by making customers feel special which is unusual in todays climate. Plane was completely full but was clean on arrival. The only negative was we were 2hrs delayed from Gatwick. Well done TUI for a great experience today.
Heathrow  Lagos and Lagos  Banjul. Very positive experience on every flight  both in economy and business premier class. LHRLOS service excellent new aircraft flat beds in premier class  fares are more reasonable than BA and Virgin Atlantic. The issue is with their booking arrangements  you can make a reservation option online but then have to telephone to confirm and pay for the flight by phoning their London office in my case. Also a lot of UK travel agents have difficulty booking Arik Air flights.
  Jeddah to Riyadh. They simply announced that the flight is 5 hours delay and no other option than wait. Without suggesting putting us on another flight or other company or even lunch or snack voucher or anything like respectable companies do! First and last experience with these people and would do my best not to recommend.
Stansted to Ercan via Antalya. Flight take off and landing on time. Paid for extra legroom going at £15 each and it was a very comfy flight for a budget airline. Food and soft drinks given both ways was an added bonus payable on most other budget airlines. The cabin crew were very good and I agree with the last review saying that it made a nice change not to be hassled into buying something all of the flight! On the inward journey we couldnt have extra legroom seats but the plane wasnt full at the back so we used the empty seats. All in all a good experience with Onur air and would use them again.
Flew REX from Sydney to Lismore January 2005. Friendly check in staff flight attendant was very friendly. Small D8 style aircraft but I felt safe. The landing made for some great views landing into Lismore.
  This is the most deceiving airline I have ever flown with. They over charge for everything, from carry ons, to sit with the people you booked with, to water, to trying to check in before even pre board, I was charged $340 for 2 carry ons and to sit by my mom and son after I booked the tickets. The staff are completely unprofessional and rude. They took my moms Cain and put it above her and no other airline has done this to us. They had us waiting while they literally dragged garbage out in front of all us. Very unsanitary and gross. Dont they have CDC guidelines to follow for sanitation? Never take this airlines.
  First time we have flown with this airline. We were very impressed by the comfort, meals and service offered during the flight. We needed the assistance of Lynn the resort rep and she was excellent and most helpful, she even phoned us later on in the evening to check everything was ok. 
Perth to Geraldton. Trapped on the ground at Perth for 50 mins  not Qantas fault as Perth is so busy nowadays. FAs served water and managed to do some work while waiting. Captain kept all informed on PA. Seems to be plenty of legroom even for me at 187cm. Qantaslink 717 services in WA are by Cobham and of a very high standard. Cabin staff are uniformly excellent. The Geraldton service is by Dash 8400. Did the return on Skywest  theyve taken to using F100 jets to replace the F50 turboprop when available. This makes for a very quick trip. Couldnt fault either carrier but glad QF has arrived to give some competition.
  Myself and my husband booked a flight from Singapore to Cairns. We believed that we were flying with Singapore Airlines the price reflected this. Then we got on the plane and there was no onboard entertainment. Let me clarify. There were a couple of screens throughout the plane with Asian entertainment. No headsets were offered. The cabin crew were not accommodating and when asked for a drink Diet Coke I was made to feel like this was an imposition. Further to this they returned with a cup. Not even a can. The first offer of a drink other than an orange juice or water was at least 4 hours into the flight. I would not recommend this airline. I am disappointed as I have travelled with this airline multiple times and always had a great experience.
  Madrid to Amsterdam. We checked in a day before leaving. They charged us 30 euro for our luggage. The day of leaving we had to pay again 60 euro for our luggage.  Otherwise our luggage would be hold in Madrid. By reclamation on the general desk they told us it was because the system failed and we had to deal with it. Although it was the mistake of Iberia. By entering the plane all storage cabin were full. For our handluggage there was no space. The stewardess told us to keep our handluggage under our seats  most of the passenger took 2 pieces of handluggage with them. Some of them 3 pieces! So we had to pay double and other paasenger could take all there luggage with them in the cabin. 
I was sending 3 people out to Los Angeles for a job and the flight from JFK was cancelled with no reason given. it was a 7am flight and no other flights that day were cancelled. They had no seats available in later flights for me and no affiliations with other airlines so they said there was nothing they could do. I had to scramble at 9pm that night and spend 3 times as much to get them out to Los Angeles.
  Nice to Prague. From early in the morning, one hour and twenty minutes of delay. It seems like the new standard for this airline as it is one of the so many this year. OK used to be a fairly good company, but now flight time is just a concept and connecting in Prague is like playing at the lottery, hoping you will get the winning ticket.
  Fabulous flights with AirAsia X yet again. Both long flights were overnighters so the lie flat beds are brilliant. Service was excellent as was the food. First two flights on time but coming home half an hour delay from Phuket to KL  then the flight into Gold Coast was half an hour late arriving too but, very minimal. Didnt use the entertainment. Just slept  read. Just brilliant that these PremiumBusiness class flights are affordable even by us. Could never afford it with a full service airline.
  On our flight with LAN we had to change flights in Sao Paulo to TAM Airlines, retrieve our luggage and check it in again as we were flying a domestic flight to Rio and then to Santiago. There wasnt much time between the connections in Sao Paulo and going through immigration and changing terminals made it almost impossible. With 30 minutes before departure we didnt have our luggages checked in and there was a big line at the counter. The staff on ground made a great job in checking our baggage and then taking us to the plane in a minibus as we were the last ones to board. The luggage arrived safe in Santiago and both flights were on time! On the way to Rio there was a new A319 with lots of leg room and for Santiago an old A320 which gave us a lot.of trouble with many turbulences. The food served on TAM wasnt different from the one of LAN but the staff were extremely friendly. Still, the experience in Sao Paulo looked very chaotic to us and we would prefer LAN for further flights.
  I had an amazing time traveling with Avelo, this was one of my first flight from Fort Myers to New Haven. The check in staff are extremely efficient, they check in every customer with a smile on their face. You can really tell they care about you and your travel experience. Sometimes customers are rude to them but they always handle it so professionally. The check in line was very long but but the staff made it move very quickly. I was at my gate in no time, the plane was running a bit behind schedule but nothing to complain about. The aircraft was clean and they even had music playing when we boarded! The crew was very nice and did their best to make everyone happy. Arrived to New Haven not too late and very happy to say my bags arrived too! New favorite airline!
 I use EVA frequently for work. Every single month. When the EVA strike was taking place many of my booked flights were cancelled with no compensation or apology. I was not given anything for the trips I had to miss and all complaints to EVA were shut down and ignored. Then when I had to miss a booked flight because of a family emergency I was not allowed to board the return flight I had already booked nor could I get a refund without incurring huge fees, equal to the price of the flight. The whole process is meant to charge you more and force you to book another flight, despite the fact youre already paid for the missed one in full. I arrived at the airport after a long and tiring trip trying to get home and had to book another seat at triple the cost even though I already had a seat booked on the flight. Very very disappointing, as EVA was one of my favourite airlines. Will not be reviewing my membership or flying with them again. Sad they treat loyal members this way, and no effort was made whatsoever from staff to help solve the situation. Just mechanical responses like sorry for the inconvenience.
  They have different policies for call center booking and airport booking for missed flights. If you are unaware of it you will end up paying unfairly for all.  Customer care agents at Brisbane airport are not at all helpful. They will finish their personal talk before attending to you. I was there 30 minutes prior to the plane taking off without any checkin bags and have been refused to board while others 3 to 4 minutes before leaving the plane got in. They will never refund your money. They are extremely expensive and I dont see the hype for that. After 1 month of waiting all they said is they are not going to refund the money.
Bangkok to Yangon in November this year and was pleasantly surprised  not really by the condition of the aircraft B737 ex Turkish Pegasus Charter jet inside narrow seats in Economy old outdated seats in Business Class but by the fact that we were only 6 passengers on this aircraft and the service by the several flight attendants was really friendly and efficient. Food not really good in comparison to Thai Airways but well you cannot have everything.
 Manchester to New York with Thomas Cook Airlines. Absolute rubbish for the amount of money paid. Uncomfortable seats that do not recline and very hard. Angle of seat causes neckache, with only a handful of movies for free 6 and old. No free beverages only with dinner tea, coffee no decaf, good job I had my own squash, pop and water. Came around twice for a long haul flight of 7.5 hours. Thought we got sandwiches before we landed  a dismal flapjack and small cup of water. I wouldnt fly with them again nor would the people I was with.
  China Southern Airlines makes me feel at ease to fly in the epidemic. I flew to Jakarta from Beijing via Guangzhou. All passengers need to be one meter apart from each other when checking in and boarding, and there have staff to guide and maintain order. Before boarding, passengers with breathing valves will be reminded to change into ordinary masks without breathing valves. Hand disinfection is also required after boarding. This series of epidemic prevention work is really in place.
  Dragonair flight KA 854 from Hong Kong to Wuhan was slightly delayed. A refurbished A320200 registration BHSP aircraft with new smart bin and seat. An apology was made by the Captain once on board. It was a full flight. The crew were very attentive and helpful. Inflight meals were served and we were given a choice of chicken or fish. As for beverages, only coffee, tea and mineral water were available. I would suggest that a variety of juices are served too.  A big thank you to the crew for their professionalism.
 Flew Brisbane to Brisbane on Friday 8 December. Flight departed 2 hours late after 4 different notifications by board of delay. Three different reasons provided for the delay. 3 hour wait in the Departure Lounge but no refreshments provided. The Crew were inexperienced and abrupt. QantasLink seems to be adopting the haphazard service of its parent. This is what customers get when there is no competition.
FRADYUFRA. I was a little dubious about this airline but both flights were on time and in a new 737900 aircraft. FRADYU was six hours had a basic dinner and soft drink service no alcohol and sandwich before arrival. Crew passed out thick blankets but no pillows. No IFE either. DYUFRA left at 3 am Tajik time no food service on an overnight flight. I would fly again because of convenience its hard to get to Dushanbe.
  Kathmandu to Bhadrapur. First of all the flight was on time which is good. As I went on board the flight attendant was not pleasant. There was no in flight entertainment just a magazine. The food was not great, we got some sweet which I didnt like personally and a packet of peanuts with water. The flight attendants were very rude as when I asked for the washroom they said in an unpolite and rude way The Seat Belt Sign is on be seated. I didnt notice the sign was on and I asked them. They could have at least said it in a nice way.  The good thing though was that they allow around 20 kg of baggage and a bit excess. I forgot to mention that when I got my boarding pass I gave my skyclub card and they didnt bother to look at it even and they didnt give my sky miles either. I couldnt argue as a huge line was building up and I had to move. One more thing if you are about six feet tall or a bit less than that dont fly with this airline the legroom is very less, I had to squzee my legs and fit it in. After landing it was fine, I collected my bag and was on my way.
I am very disappointed about my trip on Tunisair 327 Airbus 320. I booked business class and expected a comfortable seat however there was no difference between it and the economy one. Even the package they are offering for socks ear plugs and eye masks is very cheap and doesnt reflect business class. I paid a large amount and expected a professional service.
  Johannesburg to New York. I flew on SA203 and booked a seat in the last row as I knew there were empty seats beside it. Seat 74D. I have a back injury and sitting long haul is difficult, so I was hoping to be able to stretch a little. I fly this route regularly, and always book this seat if it is available, and pay to do so in advance. As soon as I reached my seat I noticed the tray tables in that row were down. The purser for Economy was standing there and said she would have to move me. I asked why. Because these seats are blocked off for the crew, she said. If they were blocked of how was I able to book that seat? And it is the seat I always book, I have never seen it blocked off. I explained to her that I had booked it specifically and she just stared at me. I felt very uncomfortable. She then blocked off two window seats at the side with her own luggage, forbidding another paying passenger hoping to sit there during flight 15 hours. Her bag stayed on that seat during flight as well as during taxiing, takeoff and landing, unsecured, and despite turbulence. Twice during the night another cabin crew member told me abruptly that someone would be sitting in my row as their entertainment system wasnt working several do not. I did not object. But that person never materialized. So what is SAAs policy about this last row, and also about bullying passengers? Finally, the same purser and an older female cabin crew member who had been working forward, also spent a lot of time complaining audibly about another crew member whom the purser said she would like to stab in the back, it was incredibly unprofessional.
  Bangkok to Chiang Mai. Very good and reliable airline. The service is excellent. My flight was enjoyable. Overall, I like it. I will fly Thai smile again in the future.
  Nadi to Singapore. Took FJ1361 on 29th of December after my flight on the 28th got canceled due to a cyclone. It is understandable it was a weather related cancellation but what is not understandable is they planned a supplementary flight approximately 12 hours before the scheduled time of flight but they did not have crew to operate the flight. As a result of this our flight was delayed by 2 hours and we missed our connection from Singapore and I was forced to pay $1,300 to buy a new ticket in Singapore. The crew were friendly and tried their best to ensure we make our connection but alas the 2 hour delay led us to missing our flight. The quantity of food was poor, we had to ask for second serves, the entertainment was poor. Their team leader for economy was very friendly, helpful and patient, there was this other female senior cabin crew working economy who was just as good. The friendliness of the crew is the only saving grace here. The lavatory was basic, had no lotion, no moist towels, no toothbrush etc. I am extremely disappointed with the poor amenities offered on Nadi  Singapore flights.
  I was on flight SN3244 Kos to Brussels where a passenger refused to put on his mask properly before take off. They kept him on the flight and during the flight he even took it off completely without the personnel doing anything about this.
 When cabin crew ask for your feedback and thoughts on how they could improve you know they are genuinely committed to improving service. To be honest I could not fault them on our 2 hour 40mins flight. The plane was fairly new, very clean and the welcome aboard and service throughout exceptional. I had to compliment the crew on the food. The steak was perfect and tasted as if it had been cooked onboard. It bettered my steak experience from steak cooked on board in first class! I really look forward to flying Aircalin again and experiencing that level of customer service and care. Highly recommended
  Istanbul to Casablanca. Flight was punctual. Information provided before boarding and during flight regarding departure time, arrival time, flight conditions were correct and reliable. Meals and beverages served are varied and balanced. Cabin crew are available, helpful and kind. I recommend this flight. The SKYRAM service is really amazing, you can watch films, listen to music and play games directly on your cell phone or iPad.
  I flew Bulgaria Air E190 from Sofia to Varna two weeks ago. The seat was Ok, the only food  chocolate  also, the service, a little bit slow, but overall was good. The flight was 30 minutes late and they made us get out of the plane and sit in the bus because they had to do a check.
 My first flight in the itinerary AMSSVO was delayed by 1 h due a malfunctioning aircraft as I was told, so I missed in SVO my connection to ULN and was rerouted via PEK with Aeroflot SVOPEC and Air China PEKULN. The flight SVOPEK was 1 h late in PEK as well, and I was put in Beijing in a hotel for 24 h to wait for the next Air China flight. My visit to ULN was planned as 2 days long, so I requested an Aeroflot agent to send me back to AMS, as my trip had lost its purpose. The Aeroflot Agent in Beijing spoke very poor English, and he ignored my request without a reason provided, but recommended to call to Moscow during office hours in Moscow it was 3 am in Moscow at the time of this conversation and discuss this with people from central office. As long as it would be too late then, and because in my experience Aeroflot client support is useless and helpless, I went to the hotel the hotel was very poor and in a very strange location, btw. Re. inflight experience. All the Aeroflot long haul cabins I was in A330 for AMSSVO and B777 for SVOPEK were tired, did not look very clean and chairs were not the best. In contrast, both B737 for ULNSVO and A321 for SVOAMS were brand new and clean. Meals were very decent on AMSSVOAMS, decent on ULNSVO and very unimpressive on SVOPEK, especially a weird plasticpacked cooky before the landing that was I suspect designed as a breakfast. Inflight entertainment systems were broken or not very responsive both in A330 and B777. Flight attendants are trying their best to be nice, but did not act very professionally.
  My wife has problems with her knees and has great difficulty with stairs so we notified the person at the counter, they asked can she do stairs, I said no she can not. They said ok and charged us for wheelchair. Then she had a wheelchair brought and said I was to push it. I declined and she sent for someone. We had a layover in Kuala Lumpur and when it was time to board no wheelchair, and a long ramp and then she had to climb stairs anyway. When we arrived in Danang again no wheelchair. And nowhere to contact customer service to get our money back. Never again.
  Ljubljana to Frankfurt. Flight delayed for more than 2 hours due to technical problems. We were not given any food or water and when I requested some I was told to complain to Adria Airways website. Another plane was organized, more than 2 hrs later. The staff was trying to convince the passengers that their connection to Singapore will wait they had 15 min in between the new flight arrival time and departure!, and that the flight to Frankfurt is 1 hr  and no wifi connectivity on flight!
Hong Kong to Bali Denpasar via Singapore return with Tigerair. Relatively terrible experience across the four individual flights. First, HKGSIN boarded after an hour delay no reasonapology given. Pulled back from gate, then swiftly returned. Was told there was an engine fault. Sat onboard for another half an hour. Then told we needed to disembark, which meant going all the way back through transfer security painful process considering there was only 1 lane open in the midfield concourse at this time of night. Finally boarded again. Eventual takeoff just under 3 hours late, but very little sincere apology given by staff. Was still charged for a glass of water despite the delay. Second flight from SINDPS also delayed once onboard due to technical glitch, although thankfully did not have to disembark this time. Return flights, DPSSIN fine and almost on time, but SINHKG yet again delayed once onboard for another technical issue. 3 flights out of 4 having technical issues is quite alarming and does not fill one with confidence. Legroom is standard for a cheap airline but the seats themselves are extremely uncomfortable. Aircraft looking quite dated. Departure gates regularly changed at the last minute. Prices of food onboard expensive and quality below average. Perhaps the worst offence of all  amidst the chaos of the disembarkation on the first flight, I note that there was no safety demonstration given by the crew at all before take off.
  This airline staff was horrible. Airhostess is what it makes the worst, not serving food properly, I am a feeding mother and obviously need to drink water and have food on time. After lunch they didnt provide any drinks or snacks and we need to call them and ask for it. Even if we ask, the hostess was showing faces. I asked for a glass of water, she shouted and told wait. And never gave that, I felt so bad and she didnt even care about it. 
 They failed to pay me back or give a credit for the flight they cancelled. They lied so many times and I had to write to them 100 times and they took my bank details and failed to make payment. Lies and Lies. Recently they refused me to get a flight for the ticket they did not give me with the money they own. Guys if you get paid and do not provide service this is fraud.
  One month before flying I ruptured my Achilles tendon and I cannot fly. I informed TAP of this and when they replied eventually they told me I had two options 1 Rebook via the rebooking system, which is not fully working as prices are not the same as they are for new bookings or 2 Cancel my flight and get just the taxes back. I asked if I could have a travel voucher that I could use once I have recovered, even if its a voucher I have to use within a month to travel within six months. They said no. Meanwhile, the company covering my internal Brazil flights issued a full refund, and the company covering my internal Spain flights issued a full voucher to be used within one year. If there is an alternative to flying with TAP, use it.
My flight from Philadelphia to Providence was cancelled because they used the airplane from my flight for another flight. After waiting in a 2 hour long line at Customer Service, I was told that there were no flights out until the following afternoon almost 24 hours from my original flight time, that I would not be put up in a hotel for the night because none were available, and that they had no responsibility to find alternate travel methods for me. I am an 18 year old college student, and I was hours away from home and an hour from school. The representative I spoke with was rude and unwilling to help me. I will not travel with US Airways again, because of their lack of care for their customers. There should be no tolerance for making customers sleep in an airport all night long, when they are meant to provide alternate accommodations. I am very displeased.
  Condor has changed the carrier at the last minute they always do they are now basically a ticket reseller for cheap airlines by using the cheap airline carrier SmartLynx for an intercontinental flight. We paid our Premium Economy ticket over Eur 800 one way and after they subcontracted the flight to SmartLynx they were selling economy tickets at 400 Eur. Needless to say that Premium Economy was not available with SmartLynx and we were ripped off by Eur 400 x 2 persons. No refund from Condor whatsoever. This airline is on the brink of insolvency and they are ripping off customers to try to stay in business. Do not book with them they are doing this as standard procedure. Needless to say that the Smartlynx cheap carrier was the worst intercontinental flight of my whole life. Letting fly a cheap European carrier an intercontinental flight is plain criminal. Think about flying Ryanair from Dominican Rep to Europe. Stay million miles away from Condor.
  Some friends and I were flying from Zurich to San Jos del Cabo. We booked Economy Comfort seats using the Aeromexico homepage. First disappointment At the airport they said something didnt work, they cannot seat us at the booked economy comfort seats and we got very bad middle seats. At least it was said the charge for the seats gets refunded since its clearly seen what was booked and where we are seated. Several other people had the same issue in fact everyone who booked a seat upgrade online  the queue at the service desk was therefore quite long. Second and even worse disappointment I got in contact with Aeromexico for the refund, a month later I got the answer that there will be no refund and they are sorry for the inconvenience. This is just fraud, they double booked and got paid for the economy comfort seats in advance online and then again on site and refuse to refund a performance not rendered. Never again.
  We had booked our flights and prepaid for selected seats in February 2016. We chose to sit on row 19a and c on both flights. Flew out from Manchester to Guernsey on 2nd August 2016, flight had slight delay but nothing too bad. Service onboard was rushed, drinks and duty free served very early into the flight, then cabin crew sat and chatted for the rest of the flight. The return flight was a shambles. Upon arriving at Guernsey airport we were asked if we would like to change our seats, I declined this offer. Upon boarding at the gate I was given different seat numbers from those I had chosen and paid for. I explained to the gate staff that I had chosen my seats prior to the flight and wished to sit on those seats, the gate staff looked at me and told me to sort it out with the crew. Upon boarding the aircraft the stewardess was heard to say that the seats we had been allocated were in the same area of the plane, so could not see a problem. I stated that we required our chosen seats, which other passengers were sitting on. She did ask these passengers to move, which they did. If we had accepted the alternative seats, there was infact passengers sitting on these too. Again the drinks were served very early in the flight, but this time there was an announcement stating there was no hot water so only cold drinks could be served. Quickly after this came the duty free. The cabin crew spent the rest of the flight chatting to a passenger who also worked with the airline, talking very loud so that announcements made by the pilot could not be heard. I have flown on many airlines in the past, both scheduled and chartered. I feel that the price charged is very high, considering it is only a 70 minute duration, and the service offered is extremely poor. What is the point of giving passengers the option to prebook and pay for seats it their request is not provided? I can now understand why Aurigny Air is receiving such bad press recently.
  it is the only connection that safes me from driving to Berlin Tegel to fly to Munich, I wanted to use British Midlands from Rostock to Munich. However the first booking I had was outbound 27.7. from Rostock. The takeoff was 2 Hours delayed, the arrival in Munich too. I lost my reservation at the car hire and had to pay double. At the inbound flight on 30.7. we drove to the airplane by bus, where waiting there 20 Minutes in front of the airplane, until bbeing told there is no crew here yet. The actual departure was 3 Hours delayed. Today the filght was cancelled completely with the notice 2 hours before take off. The worst airline I ever used. It feels as if they are one step away from closing down. Unfortunately I have two bookings pending from November. I think I will cancel them on my costs and accept the drive to Berlin Tegel.
  Bahrain to Kuwait. The flight was full and had a delay in departure. It was not a great experience this time as lots of passengers shouting in the plane. Even during take off  landing they were walking in the plane but cabin crew didnt do anything. In my view cabin crew could have done little more efficiency during the flight to make passengers comfortable. Seats were unclean.
I missed my flight so I went and got another ticket, that plane got cancelled, then get another new ticket and now its been an hour delayed. Ive been here since 4 am and wont get there until 8pm. Highly recommend you dont go through them and I asked if they would give me credit, they said no.
  Great flight Vienna to New York.  Good food and bar service IFE with 100 movies friendly crew and both flights were on time. Considering that Austrians owned by Lufthansa, which has become one of Europes worst airlines, I was happily surprised by the service provided by Austrian.
  I had booked individual tickets for my wife and myself to fly via GoAir direct flight Bangalore to Jaipur. The flight date was 7th Feb and GoAir decided to cancel the flight on 1st Feb. They refunded the amount because they didnt have any other options to fly in the sector. We later realized they did not have any operational reasons beyond their control as stated in their system generated inconvenience regretted message. They had just reassigned the flight to Bangalore to Lucknow sector. We had to book tickets on Indigo at the last minute for more than double the amount we had initially paid. And this is not the first time I have seen such stuff happen. They do this more often than you would think. The entire process was a mental harassment. Never flying this airline again. That is for sure.
 Overall a good experience. Flight on time, good customer service online and at the airport Tel Aviv. Very nice and welcoming crew on board. Clean and nice looking cabin.
  Rubbish airlines which change out the flight without calling. Last minute reschedule and cock up the itinerary of people. Suggest not to book. Not really responsible. Tried to fly to Spain today for a important meeting up but unfortunately not able to make it due to last minute changes. Very disappointed with the customer service in CDG airport. Too rude.
  Moscow to Thessaloniki. I usually use this company in my trips to Moscow. Even if i was wondering about this new company that they use leasing airplanes, i tried it and i want to say just one thing. these are our lovely Greeks. Every trip is small party, specially when the destination is a Greek airport. People are drinking free alcohol Greek wine, they are eating, and are enjoying their trip. Staff is very good.They use more than 3 languages.
 Flight from Athens to Mykonos was great, every part. Our flight from Santorini to Athens  not so good. The agent working at checkin at the Santorini airport was rude, angry and classless. We had only a carry on that we checked once at Athens. We didnt buy anything and actually left our beach towels at the hotel. Upon checking in we were told that one of our carry on luggage was 2 kilos overweight and the other carry on was a half kilo over weight. We tried to explain those original luggage did not incur any problems before. We were charged an extra 50 euros. The way she said it was very rude, no negotiating and very aggressive. I guess this is how they treat you when you are trapped on an island. Definitely recommend the ferry or another airline.
I did some flights with Aigle Azur on Paris  Hassi Messaoud route Algeria for those who are not familiar. This flight has only one type of customer oil  gas people. I have found the service as fair overall crew friendliness and meals are actually in good category crew friendlier then Air France. Its a pity Aigle Azur does not have baggage transfer handling agreement at CDG which means that each time we transit at CDG to  from other airlines we need to go through the immigration to recover our luggage no automatic transfer between Aigle Azur and other airlines at CDG leading to LOSS of luggage at CDG for those not in the know such as in my case. I hope they could one day operate inside Algeria the company owner is Algerian  French since with the local monopoly by Air Algerie the service is non existent.
  Its like lightning striking twice when the exact previous comment was also a complaint about whats the point of having Priority Boarding?, because paying for the Space Plus seats, Priority Boarding and overhead cabin bag space turned out to be a complete farce. As such there was no difference being in Boarding Group 1 and by the time we got to our seats the baggage bins were completely full. The cabin crew was totally nonchalant and did nothing about it despite clearly being aware of the situation. What a complete waste of €70. If there was any consolation to go by, the crew got the aircraft airborne really quickly and we landed ahead of schedule. Bags didnt go missing either but thats where the positives end.
  Pathetic Airline with no proper support and illmannered staff. My flight got cancelled and no information was given to us until we reached airport for Checkin. Airport screens, email and Lynx App continuously showed that flight is postponed but nothing about cancellation was told. After the cancellation, no proper alternative was suggested. They straight away just booked flight after 2 days and that too I got to know when I logged in into the account. Tried emailing them, numerous calls but no response from their side. Even went to Airport for a solution, but the staff was too rude and said we are low budget and thus cannot do anything. Its a No No from me. If you are looking for something low budget then go for Flair or Swoop atleast they have a Support System. But this airline is completely trash.
  Los Angeles to Denpasar via Xiamen.  It was pretty clean cabin. I didnt like food at all. I am vegetarian, and system didnt allowed me to choose my food preference, when I called the company 24 prior my flight, they said it is too late. Also, system didnt let me to check in, I had to check in in the airport. What I hate most is on my way back to the States, I had go pro camera in my suitcase, which was stolen. Im not going use this airline again.
BKKLGW with Phuket Air on 040505  total chaos!! Passengers on plane before us would not get back on plane after refueling at Sharjah  because of the minor problem of fuel leaking out of the engine! We flew in 2 days later to find them still waiting at Sharjah for our plane to pick them up. Bit of a problem though our plane was also leaking fluid from the engine different plane. Waited in Sharjah for 16 hrs for the muppets to fix the plane well kind of fix it. Dont fly with them  Dangerous !!
